Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, by now, enough of the harsh reality of the Republican tax plan has been discovered by Americans. That is why most are opposed. They oppose a huge transfer of wealth to those who don’t need it from the majority of middle class Americans who do need help. They are against giving hundreds of billions of dollars to the largest corporations and the richest Americans with increased borrowing on our children and grandchildren. Their proposal would cost about $2.3 trillion in increased debt and interest. They are raising taxes on almost 9 million middleincome people with very high medical bills. The Alzheimer’s tax is a bad idea and people hate it. People noticed that the huge permanent tax breaks for businesses and the wealthy—they have got theirs—but the tax relief for middleincome Americans is temporary and will disappear over time. By 2023, the average American who makes $30,000 a year or less will see a tax increase. By 2027, all tax brackets under $75,000 are going to see a tax increase. Because the Republicans will change the way that tax brackets are adjusted for inflation, we are going to see people pulled up into ever higher tax rates—a stealth tax increase. For middle class Americans, their tax relief is a political football while the rich and the powerful are protected. Of course, there are other strange things that are going to come out on an ongoing basis because of the crazy way this has been put together, and it is still being massaged behind the scenes. For example, we found just last weekend that some professionals who make between $500,000 and $650,000 a year are going to pay a marginal tax rate of over 100 percent. For that extra $100 they make, they are going to pay $107 in taxes. Absolutely insane. People are noticing that this proposal is triggering spending cuts for Medicare—$25 billion scheduled for next year—and Medicaid cuts for the elderly and disabled are on the horizon. There are more reasons to oppose this proposal than I have time to list here this morning, but perhaps the most fundamental flaw has not been given nearly enough attention. The Republicans would change taxation based on how you make your money, not how much you make. The very highest taxes will be on the way that 80 percent of Americans make their income. W–2 salary and wages are going to pay the highest rate. It is going to be collected on each paycheck and very hard to cut corners. This is going to open a whole new industry when people find that a CPA who works for a corporation making exactly the same money as somebody who is an independent professional doing exactly the same job but pays far more in taxes, people are going to cash in on a whole new industry in terms of how people can change how their income is characterized. There will be a professional corporation, a passthrough business, a proprietor, partnerships, and closely held corporations. They will all be treated differently based on ownership, the daytoday level of involvement, and the organizational structure. In short, all the people who employ lobbyists are going to be able to find a way to pay a lower tax rate than people who just get a paycheck for salary and wages. Since when does reform of the tax system take this perverted form? In fact, those people who are going to be changing the form to those other structures will be able to deduct, as corporations will, their State and local property taxes, but individuals will not. It is unfair and it is unwise. This massive transfer of wealth to the people who need it the least, financed by our children and grandchildren with higher debt, and creating a different class of taxpayer based not on how much you make but how clever you are to be able to utilize differences that are created by the army of lobbyists who are at work here on Capitol Hill. It should be rejected. 
REMEMBERING THE SACRIFICES MADE BY OUR MEN AND WOMEN IN UNIFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say thanks to our Active Duty military men and women who serve our country and protect our freedoms; and a special thanks to those soldiers from my home State of Kansas, the soldiers from Fort Riley who represent the Big Red One, the First Infantry Division, whose lapel pin I proudly wear today; and to say thanks to the soldiers of Fort Riley and the airmen and women at McConnell Air Force Base who so proudly serve this country. As we approach the holiday season, many of us will be surrounded by loved ones. But we must not forget those in uniform who sacrifice time with their families during the holidays for the safety of our Nation. Keeping our troops in our thoughts is not enough, however. Congress must move past the brinksmanship and procrastination that leave our government funding moving from one continuing resolution to the next. Failure to provide funding for a full fiscal year not only creates selfimposed crises and uncertainties about paychecks, but it robs our national defense agencies of the ability to plan, to make smart funding decisions, and to ensure our warfighters are being sent to battle with every advantage at their disposal. Fiscal reductions and budgetary uncertainties have eroded the readiness of our military. Defense Secretary Mattis stated that the sequestration has done more to harm our troops’ readiness than any enemy abroad. As threats continue to expand across the globe, it is imperative that our troops have the resources needed to complete their mission successfully and return home safely. As the holiday season approaches, I want to urge those at home to remember the sacrifices being made by our soldiers to ensure we celebrate the holidays safely. I also urge my colleagues to address these crises by passing a fullyear spending bill for the military, to raise the defense spending caps, and to give our troops the raise they deserve. While our troops have performed exceptionally under an uncertain budget and limited resources, it is past time Congress does its part. f 
PASS A HURRICANE DISASTER SUPPLEMENTAL AND SUPPORT HARVEY VICTIMS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the thousands of hurricane disaster victims in our district in Houston and Harris County, Texas, along the Texas Gulf Coast, who are suffering this holiday season due to the Federal Government’s inaction and Congress’ delay in passing an adequate disaster supplemental bill. People from Texas, Louisiana, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands are all U.S. citizens. Hurricane Harvey’s destruction was beyond anything witnessed in living memory in Texas. The Houston area typically gets 49 inches of rain throughout the year. A record 52 inches of rain fell in Houston and the Texas Gulf Coast, causing catastrophic flooding in our Nation’s fourth largest city. Harvey damaged over 300,000 homes and apartments in the city of Houston alone. Statewide, nearly 600,000 homes have been inspected by FEMA for flood or wind damage. Most tragically, 88 Texans lost their lives in Harvey’s wrath. Texans are a proud and independent people. We take pride in our selfreliance and cando attitude. This was best seen in the actions of our brave first responders and countless volunteers from all over the country who rescued their neighbors during the worst flooding. Unfortunately, many Harvey victims, and especially our seniors and lowincome families, continue to be in great need and must rely on others for help. 
A report released last week by the Kaiser Family Foundation found that AfricanAmerican Texans, Hispanic Texans, and Texans with lower income were the most likely to have suffered property damage or loss of income due to Harvey. b1015 The same report found that over 50 percent of all Harvey disaster victims in Texas have been denied assistance from the Federal Government or are still waiting for a final answer. To date, the Federal Government has provided just $10 million in aid for Harvey victims. Much more Federal aid is needed to rebuild Houston, Harris County, and the Texas Gulf Coast. After Hurricane Katrina hit Louisiana and Mississippi, Congress responded by passing a series of disaster spending bills that provided $120 billion to rebuild New Orleans and surrounding areas. The Governor of Texas has requested $60plus billion. Three months after Sandy made landfall, Congress passed a $50 billion disaster relief bill to help New York and New Jersey rebuild. Yesterday, I learned the House leadership is planning on delaying the disaster supplemental for Harvey and the other hurricanes that ravaged Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands for another month, until after Christmas and New Year’s. These funds are needed now. December 25, Christmas Day, will mark the 4month anniversary of Harvey’s landfall. Mr. Speaker, the people of Texas deserve better. Today, thousands of Texans in my district and throughout Houston and the Gulf Coast are living in tents, in their cars, and in flooded, moldy houses that are unsafe for our children and the elderly. America can do better than this. During this season of giving, Congress must act and help these disaster victims in need or Texas will suffer a second manmade disaster by the United States Congress. 
CONGRATULATING QUAKER VALLEY HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MARSHALL ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, not only was western Pennsylvania hit by a flurry of snow this past weekend, but by great pride in high school football. This past Saturday, my hometown Quaker Valley High School football team won the State championship trophy in the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association Class 2A division. With preseason rankings that would merit them as underdogs and a new coach that stepped in just before the start of the season, the Quakers tackled their way into history. They defeated their opponents handily by 17 points. Mr. Speaker, these State champions are to be commended for their grit and perseverance. It was an excellent game to cap off an outstanding season. Congratulations to Coach Jerry Veshio, the entire coaching staff, and the players who are excelling in this western Pennsylvania tradition. CONGRATULATING PINE RICHLAND HIGH SCHOOL  
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, in front of a crowd exceeding 2,000 people at snowcovered Hersheypark Stadium, western Pennsylvania’s PineRichland Rams charged victoriously into the history books. With a 41–21 victory, the Rams won the State championship in the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association Class 6A division. Indeed, it was an unforgettable win that cemented their exceptional State championship season. Congratulations to Coach Eric Kasperowicz, the entire coaching staff, and the players for excelling in this great western Pennsylvania tradition. Well done, Rams. Your dedication and hard work has made PineRichland High School and all of western Pennsylvania proud. 
RESPECT THE HOME RULE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) for 5 minutes. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, 44 years ago this month, Congress passed the District of Columbia Home Rule Act. A Republican President signed it. A Democratic Congress, together with the Republican President, freed the Nation’s Capital from government by three unelected commissioners. The irony is that the selfgovernment the District of Columbia enjoys today is a virtual replica of what a Republican Congress and a Republican President granted to the District of Columbia right after the Civil War. It granted the Home Rule Act and, of course, a Delegate to Congress. But, with Reconstruction and Democratic control, Democrats took back what Republicans had granted and, once again, Democrats denied the District of Columbia selfgovernment. Then, 44 years ago, with bipartisan support, after 100 years of struggle, the District of Columbia finally won what we call home rule. My colleagues should respect their own history. It was Richard Nixon who signed the Home Rule Act, acting on the most revered, as far as we are told, Republican principles of local control, that local residents should always have a democratically elected local government controlled entirely by their government. The District has become one of the most successful jurisdictions in the United States since home rule, with a $14 billion budget. Before and after home rule however, District of Columbia residents have always paid Federal income taxes. Today, D.C. residents rank number one—that is first—per capita in taxes paid to support the government of the United States. In signing the bill for the Home Rule Act, President Nixon wrote: ‘‘One of the major goals of this administration is to place responsibility for local functions under local control and to provide local governments with the authority and resources they need to serve their communities effectively.’’ Since Congress granted the Home Rule Act, it has shown no interest in governing the District of Columbia, but it requires the D.C. budget to actually be passed again here, by Congress, for the sole purpose of seeking to overturn local laws that Members of Congress don’t support. The basis for our federation of States is that each has its own laws and they must be respected, yet there are eight different laws pending here to be overturned by the Congress of the United States. I believe I will be able to retain most of these laws for the District of Columbia, but why should I have to spend any of my time protecting local laws passed by my local jurisdiction? They range from trying to get rid of all the District’s gun laws; making the District pay for private schools out of local funds; the medical aid in dying law, which six States already have and DC would not be allowed to have, although two Republican leaders have such bills in their States; no budget autonomy law; repeal of the nondiscrimination law that the District has based on reproductive choices of family members; no local funds for marijuana commercialization, though that is now done by eight States; and the prohibition on spending for abortions for lowincome women. That is done by 17 States. This is a sampling of what is pending, Mr. Speaker. Congress allows these same laws to exist in their own local jurisdictions. The way to commemorate selfgovernment for the District of Columbia granted by Congress 44 years ago is for Congress itself to respect the Home Rule Act it passed in 1973. 
SHASH JAA NATIONAL MONUMENT AND INDIAN CREEK NATIONAL MONUMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, as you can see in this picture, Indian Creek, located in southeastern Utah in my congressional district, is home to some of the most beautiful and majestic scenery in the world, but it has also become an epicenter of an ongoing conflict between those whose livelihoods depend on multiple uses of these public lands and groups focused on advocating for limited use of those lands. Almost exactly 1 year ago, President Obama, over the objections of many 
stakeholders, utilized the Antiquities Act to unilaterally designate 1.35 million acres of land as the Bears Ears National Monument. Last week, President Trump came to Utah to help resolve this issue by reauthorizing this monument into two much smaller national monuments, the Indian Creek and the Shash Jaa National Monument. Although both executive actions have ignited widespread anger and resentment on each side of this issue, I still believe that both sides share many common goals and values and can work together for the benefit of Utah. We can all agree that these important lands must be responsibly managed for future generations to appreciate. Now that Utah has two, more manageable monuments, the time has come for Congress to act to ensure that these archeological treasures and sacred Tribal lands are protected the right way. I believe the right way to manage these lands is to have input from Utah’s Tribal members, local citizens, and government officials. Additionally, there needs to be a management plan that protects important archeological sites and sacred Tribal land while also maintaining multiple uses of these lands, such as recreation, hunting, and grazing. Lastly, the legislative process and constitutionally mandated system of checks and balances are the best way to both determine the best management of these lands as well as the creation of any new national parks, monuments, recreation, and conservation areas. That is why I have joined other members of Utah’s House delegation to introduce the Shash Jaa National Monument and Indian Creek National Monument Act, which creates the first tribally comanaged monument area. It will safeguard these new monuments by establishing management councils comprised of representatives of local government and Native Americans. This bill also authorizes law enforcement officials to protect these sacred and significant archeological sites and antiquities from looters, while preserving the multiple use and access to these lands for recreation, grazing, and hunting. As a Member of Congress, my job is to bring forth solutions that add stability to this region and complement our mutually shared goals. That is the Utah way. It is my hope that, as Congress considers my Shash Jaa National Monument and Indian Creek National Monument bill, we can we bring all sides together to manage these important areas in the right way. 
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, this Thursday, the Federal Communications Commission is set to vote on their Restoring Internet Freedom proposal, to revisit the FCC’s previous open internet order of 2015. Over the past few weeks, I have received thousands of calls and emails from my constituents expressing their support for net neutrality and for an open and free internet. I have personally read every single one of these emails, conducted townhall meetings, and listened to the phone calls. Today, I would like to share my views on this critical issue. Many in this Chamber may not know that Utah is currently experiencing somewhat of a technical startup phenomenon. My district is known as one of the best places in the United States to start a business. I recognize that the great success that we have been able to achieve in Utah and throughout the U.S. is largely due to the progress and advance of the internet. This is the most important technological advancement of our time, and the internet has become the backbone of our economy. I believe the internet is successful despite government, not because of government. Because the internet has been open and free, we have seen exciting innovation and progress that was previously unimaginable. Like so many of my constituents and colleagues in Congress, I support the principles of net neutrality and am opposed to any blocking, throttling, or paid prioritization of the internet. Because I do not favor a burdensome government regulatory framework over the internet, I feel a great burden to assure those in my district that the internet will remain open and free. The way to do this is for Congress to act. It is more than time that Congress step up and modernize the statutes that control how the internet is regulated. A vast number of my constituents and small businesses are concerned about the future of the internet. They worry that large corporations will win out and deprive them of their ability to be competitive. As a Congress, we can give them the protection that they need. It has been more than 20 years since Congress last reformed our national telecommunications laws. It is my sincere hope that we will come together in a bipartisan way to update this outdated regulatory framework and to ensure that the internet continues to be fair, open, and free so that it continues to benefit customers and advance and innovate, unhindered by burdensome government regulations.I66F b1030 THERE THEY GO AGAIN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, there they go again. Donald Trump and PAUL RYANare dusting off a familiar Republican playbook. I will break it down for you: Step one, slash taxes for millionaires and billionaires; Step two, explode the deficit; Step three, use rising deficits to justify cuts to Medicare and Medicaid; Step four, accuse Democrats of being irresponsible for opposing said cuts; Step five, repeat. Repeat as the rich get richer, repeat as the deficit grows larger, repeat as working families struggle, and repeat as the social safety net disintegrates. We saw it a decade ago under President Bush, and we are seeing it again right now. But you don’t have to take my word for it, Mr. Speaker. The Republican tax bill will add $1.5 trillion to our national debt over the next decade, yet PAULRYANis already claiming that we need to cut entitlements to get America’s finances under control. Last week, RYAN warned: ‘‘We’re going to have to get back next year at entitlement reform. . . . Frankly, it’s the healthcare entitlements that are the big drivers of our debt . . . that’s really where the problem lies.’’ Not true, Mr. Speaker. Our problem doesn’t lie with lifesaving healthcare programs like Medicare and Medicaid. Our problem lies with this monstrosity of a tax bill. What if we tried a different approach? What if, instead of slashing Medicare to pay for tax cuts for Trump’s cronies, we said no to this scam of a tax bill? What if we said no to raising taxes on middle class families? What if we said no to hurting students to help the largest companies in the world? What if we said no to a tax bill written by highpaid lobbyists for wealthy donors behind closed doors? What if, just once, the Republican majority actually passed a bill to make life easier for Americans living paycheck to paycheck? It is a crazy idea, right? But if Republicans come to their senses and want to work on real tax reform for working Americans, they know where to find us, but I won’t hold my breath. 
CONGRATULATING ANDREA SANCHEZ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO) for 5 minutes. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Ms. Andrea Sanchez— and I am excited about this—from Gainesville, Florida, for winning our district’s 2017 Congressional App Challenge. Her app, IVolunteer, solves a problem she saw in her school and helps students log their volunteer hours, as well as incentivizing community service by letting students compete against their peers to see who can log the most hours. Other submissions we received included an app that teaches students how to code and one designed to give people realtime information in natural disasters. These apps came from young students who recognized a problem they were facing and employed various 
skills and creativity in designing and building their apps. Because of STEM education, students are not only learning critical technological skills that will serve them in the future, but they are creating the next generation of apps, software programs, and more—possibly, the next IT company. Supporting STEM education gives our students an opportunity to become leaders in the field that positively impacts America and the world alike. 
IMPEACH PRESIDENT TRUMP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, once again, I enjoy the preeminent privilege of standing in the well of the Congress of the United States of America. I do not take lightly the opportunity that the people of this country have afforded me. Mr. Speaker, the topic that I will address today is not the one that I had in mind when contemplating this moment. Mr. Speaker, I have been moved by the words of a father—a father who spoke this morning on national television; a father who talked about his daughter and how his daughter had been a victim of bigotry; a father who talked about how his daughter had been spoken of in terms that were untrue; and a father who had been led to believe, he himself, that his daughter could be changed. He went to various professionals to try to seek help because his daughter was a lesbian, and they discovered that this was who she was, Mr. Speaker. This was not some charade, not some facade, not some disease, this was who she was. This is who God created, Mr. Speaker. And the saddest part of this story, Mr. Speaker, is that it doesn’t have a happy ending. Because of bigotry and the way people have been misled, this daughter took her life. I literally had tears well up in my eyes as I heard the story. I am saddened by what happened, and I am saddened to know that a person associated with that bigotry may find his way to the Senate of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, people ask: What harm does it do to allow bigotry to emanate from the highest offices in this country? There is some of your evidence, Mr. Bigotry, and those who perpetrate it. There is some of your evidence of how it can be harmful. But there is more evidence. When you speak ill of people who are exercising their constitutional right to protest, and you call their mothers dogs when you call them SOBs, you are creating harm to society, especially when it emanates from the highest office in the land. What harm does it cause to society when you associate the majesty and the dignity of the Presidency with those who would go to Charlottesville screaming ‘‘blood and soil,’’ proclaiming, ‘‘Jews will not replace us.’’ When you associate the majesty and the dignity of the Presidency with these people, you are doing harm to society, Mr. Speaker. So, Mr. Speaker, I will answer the question that has been posed. It is a question that I think is a fair one and ought to be answered. Here is the answer. You will surmise what the question is by virtue of my giving the answer. The answer is: there will be another vote to impeach this President. There will be another vote because I will not stand by and watch this country, the country I love, be brought into shame and disrepute because of a person who is unfit to hold the office of President. Mr. Speaker, history will judge us all. For those who find that this is unacceptable and unbearable, I am sorry, but the country is greater than we are. Government of the people, by the people, is greater than we are. Maintaining and saving the Republic is greater than we are, in one sense, but, in another sense, it really is who we are. I have a tie on that says: We, the people. We, the people, we are the ones who can make a difference. There will be another vote. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it reads like a page out of George Orwell’s ‘‘1984:’’ spies, secret courts, and searches of Americans without a warrant. It is clear: Big Brother is watching us. Most Americans may not be fully aware of what is taking place behind closed doors of government spy agencies, but the reality is our government is spying on ordinary, everyday Americans. How? Through an old piece of legislation, originally signed into law by President Carter in 1978, called the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA. FISA allows our government to spy on foreign agents, including terrorists, primarily overseas. The government collects all of this information and puts it into a database. If they want to use or search the database, they go to a secret court, and that court issues a secret warrant to search the database. This court operates behind closed doors and issues those secret warrants to go after—remember—bad guys overseas. As the subcommittee chairman of terrorism, I have no problem with our government going after terrorists who seek to harm Americans. What I do have a problem with, Mr. Speaker, is the government uses these databases that they seize and then looks in those databases about Americans and their activities, violating their Fourth Amendment rights because they don’t have a warrant to go into these databases to look for Americans. Remember, they are searching for terrorists. Here is what happens: While seizing the communications of a suspected foreign agent—maybe an alQaida terrorist talking to another alQaida terrorist—the government, incidentally, picks up communications of American citizens. These communications may not have anything to do with terrorism. This data is kept. The government puts it in their database, and they say it is legal. This information on Americans was seized based on this secret warrant of foreigners issued by a FISA judge. Occasionally, the government then decides to go into this database that was inadvertently seized—as they call it—without a Fourth Amendment warrant on Americans, and checks to see how many times an American name, or other identifying information, comes up. If they find something, they use this data on the American citizen. Now, Mr. Speaker, they still don’t have a warrant to search Americans’ information, even if it was incidentally collected. They search this database to see, for example, if Bobby Oglethorpe is committing a crime in the United States, maybe having nothing to do with terrorism. Maybe it is a robbery, maybe it is an IRS fraud, maybe it violates other laws of the United States. But, remember, they are looking for that without a warrant. They seize the information, and, quite frankly, we don’t know how many times they seize this information on Americans. Our Judiciary Committee has continually asked the intelligence community: How many times have you searched? They refuse to tell us how many searches and seizures there are on Americans in that database. Very suspicious, isn’t it, Mr. Speaker? According to The Washington Post, 90 percent of the account holders, whose communications were collected, were not targets. The bad guys overseas, they were Americans: 90 percent of them. Nearly half of the surveillance files contained names, email addresses, and other details that the NSA marked as belonging to American citizens or residents. So, what information are they getting? They get communications, texts, and emails. Without a warrant, remember, secret courts issuing secret warrants, and they don’t tell anybody about it. 
Under section 702 of the FISA legislation, this warrantless search of Americans is legal. But this, in my opinion, violates the U.S. Constitution. As a former judge, I am very concerned about the loss of our Fourth Amendment right of privacy in the United States, based on this unconstitutional law. The Fourth Amendment is sacred to this country and to the Founders who drafted it. It is up to Congress to uphold Americans’ Fourth Amendment rights. Despite intense debate in the House Judiciary Committee, I am still concerned the House leadership is planning to reintroduce and reauthorize the FISA legislation and not have these reforms to protect Americans’ privacy. A reauthorization of FISA with weak language only seeks to put Americans’ privacy at stake and violates the U.S. Constitution. Any 702 reauthorization should simply require that if you want to look at the data that was incidentally seized on Americans, get a search warrant or stay out of that data; otherwise, it violates the Constitution. And that is just the way it is. 
OPEN ENROLLMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge Americans to sign up for their health insurance by this Friday, at midnight, if they haven’t already done so for the 2018 year. This Friday, December 15, is the deadline to sign up for open enrollment for them and for their family. b1045 If you don’t do that, you won’t have a chance, really, to buy that health insurance next year. If you haven’t already bought your health insurance for 2018, to get details about available plans, please visit the website, healthcare.gov, or call 1–800–318–2596— that is healthcare.gov, or 1–800–318– 2596. You will actually get to talk to a real person. In order to get in touch with someone local who can help you sign up for insurance in your own area, you call that same number, 1–800–318–2596, or you can go to the website that is called localhelp.healthcare.gov— localhelp.healthcare.gov. Health insurance is vital. It can protect us from astronomical cost when a serious accident or illness occurs, because the average cost of a 3day hospital stay is $30,000. A broken leg, on average, costs $7,500. Having a baby, on average, in States like Ohio, costs $6,000. Health insurance is your lifeline. It helps protect you and your family from unexpected costs and, frankly, possible bankruptcy, because over twothirds of people in our country that go bankrupt do so because of health bills they can’t pay. What happens is, if they have a house, they lose the house. It is confiscated to pay the medical bills. They lose their credit rating. It is a terrible thing that happens to people when they get sick, and it is just a roll of the dice on who is going to get cancer, who is going to get appendicitis, who is going to become ill, who is going to be hit in a hitandrun accident around this country. Coverage choices are affordable on these exchanges, and, in many cases, financial help is available. During last year’s enrollment period, believe it or not, 8 in 10 people qualified for financial help. For most people, that meant they could find insurance premiums for as little as $100 a month or less. For example, CareNet, a provider network in Ohio, recently helped to enroll a gentleman who has cancer and was previously uninsured. Can you imagine that? Who can afford these infusions? This man spent an entire year without oncology treatment and certainly needs multiple surgeries now. Because of the Affordable Care Act and through the help of CareNet, he found a plan that costs $100 a month. He thought he would have to pay much more, but he will now be able to begin treatment at the beginning of 2018. Thank God he got coverage. Actually, many working people can qualify for Medicaid. For example, a family of four earning $33,000 in Ohio can get coverage through Medicaid. Please know you can apply for and enroll in Medicaid at any time of the year. Even if you don’t have health insurance, you should definitely look into that if you do not have health insurance. Every American is required to have health insurance through their employer—but a lot of employers don’t provide it—through Medicare, Medicaid, or through purchase of plans on the individual marketplace. Health insurance provides you and your family with health security and piece of mind, paying costs when you need medical care. The marketplace provides access to quality and affordable health coverage, which requires insurers to cover certain benefits such as prescriptions, emergency care, mental healthcare, and preventive services. It is important to highlight that more than 68 million people rely on Medicaid, and 9 million children rely on the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Now, Republicans in Congress have let the children’s program lapse. Unfortunately, Federal funding for that program helps over 220,000 children in Ohio, and 73 days ago, the Republican Congress said: Sorry, America’s children, we are going to put you on hold for the moment. Whether that program will be funded or not is all caught up in these endof year discussions that are occurring here at a very high level. America’s children should be covered with insurance. The Republicanled Congress has also let Federal funding for community health centers, a resource critical to millions of our families, lapse also since September 30. They best restore that. Why hurt the American people? Why would you do that? Once again, please visit healthcare.gov or call 1–800–318–2596 to sign up for your health insurance for 2018. Do what is responsible, and do what is lifegiving. f 
MOUNT NITTANY VINEYARD AND WINERY WINS BEST OF CATEGORY AWARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate a great agribusiness, a successful part of our number one industry in Pennsylvania, which is agriculture. One out of every seven Pennsylvanians owe their job directly or indirectly to agriculture, and today I rise to congratulate one of those agribusinesses, the Mount Nittany Vineyard and Winery, for winning a Best of Category award at this year’s Atlantic Seaboard Wine Association competition. Mount Nittany Vineyards and Winery took home one gold, six silver, and two bronze awards in the midAtlantic competition. Located just 6 miles from State College and Penn State University, Mount Nittany Vineyard and Winery is located above the historic village of Linden Hall. It boasts breathtaking views across Penns Valley to the Tussey Mountain range. Mount Nittany Vineyard and Winery won Best of Category for its 2016 Geisenheim wine. Joe and Betty Carroll founded the winery, and it opened for business in 1990. Mount Nittany Vineyard and Winery now produces 16,000 gallons of wine each year and harvests anywhere from 12 to 15 tons of grapes annually. It is now owned and managed by Joe and Betty’s daughter and soninlaw, Linda and Steve Weaver. Linda and Steve continue to produce awardwinning wines, including fruit wines out of locally sourced cherries, apples, blueberries, and raspberries. Mr. Speaker, proudly, Linda and Steve Weaver will be on Capitol Hill tomorrow for the Atlantic Seaboard Wine Association awards ceremony. I wholeheartedly congratulate the Weavers on this outstanding recognition. I wish them the best as they continue to grow, make, and produce their fine wines in Centre County. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the exceptional achievement of Contine Corporation in Erie, Pennsylvania. Contine Corporation is a manufacturer of mechanical and 
electromechanical assemblies built to customer specifications. In its more than three decades in operation, it has expanded the facility three times, acquired a plastic injection molding business, and developed quality employees and suppliers to serve its customers. Recently, Contine Corporation received approval from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, as a SHARP participant. SHARP stands for Safety and Health Achievement Recognition Program. This is one of the highest honors OSHA awards to a worksite. Since 1995, OSHA has been recognizing small business worksites that have shown a continuous commitment to improving the safety and health of their workplace through the OSHA Consultation Program. Fewer than 1,600 worksites across the country currently share the honor of SHARP recognition. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Constance Ellrich, owner of the Contine Corporation; safety manager, Randall Groves; and the entire Contine workforce for its dedication to workforce safety. Ensuring a safe and healthy working environment protects a business’ viability, and, most importantly, it protects American workers. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God, Father of us all, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Ever faithful to Your promises, we ask Your presence with Your people, now and forever. The sun grows dim and the daylight is measured. In the darkness, phantoms loom. The eye cannot discern as the distance fades. Be for us light. Help the Members of Congress make clear judgments that will propel us into a blessed future. Remove any shadowy cloud so that they might follow the patterns of Your inspirations. O Lord of the ages, ever faithful to Your promises, be with us throughout these waning days of the session, and may all that is done in the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WESTERMAN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize the career of Hall of Fame Magazine Editor Graydon Carter. Graydon Carter is one of the great journalists of our time. He retires today after 25 years as the editor at Vanity Fair. He cofounded and was editor of Spy magazine, as well as the New York Observer. At Vanity Fair, he gave a venue to writers like Michael Lewis; Dominick Dunne; and Christopher Hitchens, one of the great journalists of our time. Upon Christopher Hitchens’ passing, Graydon said he was a wit, a charmer, and a troublemaker; and to those who knew him well, he was a gift from— dare I say it—God. From his beginnings at Spy magazine and through his days at the New York Observer and Vanity Fair, he pointed out the shortcomings of Donald Trump. He gave him the epithet: shortfingered vulgarian. For that and much more, Graydon Carter will be remembered as a great journalist, a great human being, a great raconteur, and a great friend. f 
GUNNERY SERGEANT DALE SIGLER (Mr. MCKINLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Gunnery Sergeant Dale Sigler from Moundsville, West Virginia. Dale’s life has been one of leadership and service to his community and country. At the age of 17, during the height of World War II, he got his parents’ permission and enlisted in the United States Navy, even before he had finished high school. He served in the Navy until 1946 before returning home to finish his education. Upon graduation, he then joined the Marines and led an exemplary military career as a gunnery sergeant. Dale retired after 20 years of military service, but his desire to serve the community didn’t stop there. He went on to serve as a chaplain for the local chapters of The American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, and Marine Corps League. He was recently awarded a Lifetime Achievement Award for his dedicated service. Gunnery Sergeant Sigler, we salute you and offer you our deepest gratitude. You, sir, are truly a great American. 
REPUBLICAN TAX SCAM (Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, the Republican tax scam will raise taxes on 36 million middle class Americans, undermine Medicare, and explode the deficit. It will saddle our children and grandchildren with more than $1 trillion in additional debt simply to pay for an unnecessary, unAmerican, unconscionable tax cut for millionaires, billionaires, special interests, corporations, and big donors. 
To justify this reckless Ponzi scheme, the Treasury Department has produced a 1page analysis. Really? One page? That is the best you can do? You are insulting the intelligence of the American people, insulting the intelligence of this Congress, and insulting the intelligence of our Democratic republic. The American people deserve a better deal. 
HONORING THE ALSTON FAMILY OF MENA, ARKANSAS (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a truly remarkable family from the Fourth Congressional District of Arkansas. The Alston family from Mena was recently named Arkansas Farm Family of the Year. The Holly Springs Homestead, run by Luke and Deedee Alston, is a diverse farm of Angus cattle, chicken houses, and a large variety of fruits and vegetables grown at its location in Polk County. Not only is the family—which includes sons Ryan and Drey—active in traditional farming, but the Alstons are also a leader in Arkansas agritourism, with a variety of crops bringing families to the Holly Springs Homestead. Their work supports the Polk County economy and brings pride to their friends and neighbors. I send my congratulations to the Alston family on this prestigious honor, as well as all the county farm family winners across Arkansas. 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, the Trump White House and the U.S. Treasury Secretary continue to issue formal reports about the Republican corporate tax cut plan. These reports are devoid of fact or credibility and have been categorically rejected by each and every respectable tax expert. These tax cuts will pay for themselves and fuel $2 trillion in economic growth over the next decade. Not true. Tax cuts have never come close to paying for themselves, not once or ever in human history. Corporate tax cuts will trickle down to increase annual household income in America by between $4,000 and $9,000. No one believes this or them. For the White House Council of Economic Advisers to say this is official misconduct and a blatant fraud perpetrated against middle America. Mr. Speaker, this big, corporate tax cut is a massive giveaway to corporate America and a major takeaway from middle America. CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF MARIA DIAZ (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the career of Maria Diaz, who will be retiring after more than 35 years serving at the Social Security Administration in my hometown of Miami. My staff and I have had an opportunity to know and work with her over the last 17 years that she has served as a public affairs specialist. Throughout that time, she has been an invaluable resource to us and our constituents. Maria started working at the Social Security Administration in 1982 in what she thought would be a temporary job, but she quickly grew to love her work and those she had an opportunity to serve. Over the last three decades, with her calm demeanor and everpresent smile, Maria has made a significant impact in the lives of countless individuals in our community. Mr. Speaker, Maria Diaz is the embodiment of the ideal public servant. She has dedicated her life to faithfully and diligently serving those most in need in South Florida. On behalf of a grateful community, I wish her the best of luck in the next exciting chapter of her life. Felicidades, amiga. f 
NEW YORK STRONG (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, a terrorist tried to attack the lifeblood of New York City: our subway system. It is another somber reminder that New York City, a beacon of hope and freedom, remains a target for terrorists. We had the first World Trade Center bombing in 1993, another one on 9/11 in 2001, the Chelsea bombing last year, the truck attack earlier this year, and another bombing yesterday. In addition, the New York Police Department openly talks about 27 other attempts to harm New Yorkers, which were thwarted. By now, it should be clear that we cannot play politics with Federal funding for local law enforcement and homeland security. The funding for States and cities, especially highthreat areas, must not be delayed, diminished, or cut off. While we are still learning more about this latest attack, one thing is clear: the terrorist wanted to strike fear into the hearts of every New Yorker, but he failed. New Yorkers will always persevere in the face of diversity. Our trains are running. Our people are back to work. I wish the three people injured yesterday a swift and speedy recovery. I want to express my gratitude to the law enforcement of New York City and the heroic response of our first responders. We are all very grateful to them for what they do for us every day. f 
BEETLE KILL (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, it is amazing that there was 25 percent more tree death this past spring and summer after near record precipitation last winter. We are seeing the beetle kill and the tree dieoff at amazing rates. You can see the forests that are devastated in the West each year. They aren’t necessarily all forested areas, but you see what the effects look like in communities on the east side of the State and in the north. The devastation must end. We must manage our forests. We have, again, the beetle kill. We have trees dying off. There are billions of board feet of trees dying off that are assets of the American people. We should have our forests managed so they are sustainable, healthy, and good for the wildlife. We need action taken by the USDA and the U.S. Forest Service. We are meeting with those folks to try to get a new direction. Under the previous administration, we got a lot of talk and a lot of smoke. We need action that is going to be positive so that the West doesn’t have to burn every year, leaving negative effects to air quality and the economy. 
b1215 GOP TAX SCAM (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, you have been hearing a lot about this tax plan, but it is really a tax scam. It is not a mistake that congressional Republicans are going after hardworking middle class families. In fact, it is an intentional attack against them. Let me explain briefly. They have laid out a simple threestep process. Here they are: Step one, pass a tax scam that they know will raise taxes on millions of middle class families in order to give tax cuts to corporate special interests and billionaires. That alone will saddle our children with more than $1 trillion in debt. Step two, flip out about this new debt. Step three, then demand cuts to Social Security and Medicare. For months, congressional Republicans have denied that this is what they are doing. Well, let me tell you what happened last week. Speaker RYAN said this: ‘‘We’re going to have to get back next 
year at entitlement reform, which is how you tackle the debt and the deficit.’’ He says that entitlements are what he is going to go after. Well, do you know what entitlements are? Medicare and Social Security, under his definition. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this tax scam. Instead, let’s offer a better deal to the American public. 
REMEMBERING MAYOR ED LEE (Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise with a very heavy heart upon learning of the passing of a great human being: San Francisco’s Mayor Ed Lee. My thoughts and prayers are with his family—his wife, Anita, and two daughters—and the entire city and county of San Francisco and the bay area. My condolences are also with Leader PELOSI and Congresswoman J ACKIE  SPEIER , two San Francisco leaders who loved Ed and will miss him tremendously. Ed was an unshakable champion for social justice, a tireless public servant, and, personally, a friend. He always put a smile on my face when he considered me as and called me his sister, being two Lees. He was such a kind and thoughtful person and a truly great leader. Even before he was mayor, Ed was a champion for the people of San Francisco as a community organizer and a civil rights attorney. As the first Asian American mayor of San Francisco, he broke new ground for the city. As mayor, he fought to expand affordable housing, address the homelessness crisis, and ensure that residents could earn a living wage. Ed will be missed tremendously. He helped so many people in his life and he touched so many lives. Mayor Lee set the higher standards for mayors and all elected officials as a true public servant. As we grieve, we take comfort in knowing that he has left an inspiring and lasting legacy of uplifting and empowering families. We will always remember his beautiful smile and his passion for making life better for others. May his soul rest in peace. 
FISCAL YEAR 2018 REPUBLICAN BUDGET (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the Republican spending plans. Republicans in Congress have passed a tax giveaway to corporations and left behind everyday Americans. Now Republicans are refusing to address constituents’ urgent priorities: from children’s healthcare to disaster relief, to certainty for DREAMers, and more. They refuse to bring a clean reauthorization for the Children’s Health Insurance Program—CHIP—which serves 9 million children and 370,000 pregnant women. They want to drastically cut other healthcare funding while saying they support CHIP. Republicans are also planning to cut Medicare and Medicaid. These cuts would be devastating for millions of people who depend on Medicaid for essential health services: children, seniors, lowincome individuals, and people with disabilities. Mr. Speaker, this budget will hurt children, women, and all Americans just to pay for a tax giveaway, and it is simply unacceptable. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
COMMUNITY INSTITUTION MORTGAGE RELIEF ACT OF 2017 Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 647, I call up the bill (H.R. 3971) to amend the Truth in Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify the requirements for community financial institutions with respect to certain rules relating to mortgage loans, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 647, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–44 is adopted and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 3971 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. After 1 hour of debate, it shall be in order to consider the further amendment printed in part B of House Report 115–443, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered read and shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York. 
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to submit extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, over the last 10 years, the community financial institution industry has undergone a dramatic transformation. Since 2006, more than 1,500 banks have failed, been acquired, or merged, due to economic factors and the overwhelmingly expensive regulation brought forth by the passage of the DoddFrank Act. During this same period, there has been a drought in de novo banks. In fact, only five new banks charters and 16 new credit union charters have been granted. 
Today, for the first time in over 125 years, there are fewer than 6,000 banks and, roughly, 6,000 credit unions serving all consumers in the United States. This is proof that the community financial institutions need smart, commonsense regulatory relief so they can properly serve local communities by assisting with small business startups and consumer credit. My bill, H.R. 3971, the Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act, would alleviate harmful burdens on small institutions across the Nation while saving money for lowincome borrowers. This bipartisan measure would exempt small communitybased institutions from mandatory escrow requirements. My bill will also provide relief from new regulations that have nearly doubled the cost of servicing loans, specifically to lowincome borrowers. I know that certain institutions will wish to continue to provide the same escrow services to their consumers, and they are welcome to do that. By offering these real changes, smaller institutions—like the GOP Federal Credit Union, for example, in my district—can once again focus their full attention on relationship lending in the community without worry of government overregulation. Once again, the current law mandates that all institutions follow escrow requirements, which raises the cost of credit for those borrowers who can least afford it, while harming small local institutions. Mr. Speaker, I specifically thank the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN) for working with me on this bill, and I appreciate his support throughout the process. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote for the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ), the chairman of the Financial Services Committee, control the remainder of the time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 3971. Contrary to what is implied by its title, H.R. 3971 would not provide regulatory relief to community banks. Instead, this bill would allow a large number of mortgage services to drop important consumer protections and set the stage for a return of the harmful practices of the subprime meltdown and the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. DoddFrank tasked the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with implementing mortgage rules under the Truth in Lending Act that would restrict the types of practices that led to the financial crisis. This bill would harm consumers by raising the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s exemption threshold on escrow accounts requirements for higher priced mortgage loans. Mortgages are classified as higher priced if the annual percentage rate—or APR—exceeds the average prime offer rate by 1.5 percent, and higher priced mortgage loans often reflect riskier or subprime borrowers. Pursuant to the DoddFrank Act, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau issued escrow rules that require borrowers with higher priced mortgage loans to escrow their homeowners insurance, property taxes, and private mortgage insurance for at least the first 5 years of their mortgage. Escrow accounts are an important consumer protection mechanism, especially for higher risk borrowers, because they ensure that homeowners have funds for these expenses, thereby reducing mortgage default or loss of the property. In fact, before the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau issued its final rule on escrow requirements in 2013, a Federal Reserve study from 2011 found that consumers with higher priced mortgages that did not have an escrow account in the first year after the consummation of their mortgage had higher instances of default. Escrow accounts also keep homeowners from being blindsided by additional costs at the end of each year and provide a more accurate monthly cost estimate for homeownership when the loan is originated. That is why the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s rules are designed to ensure that homeowners understand and can meet the full cost of homeownership. Even though escrow accounts are particularly important for these higher priced loans, they are certainly not unique. In fact, most homeowners escrow these funds. Loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture must have borrower escrow accounts, and conventional mortgages with a loantovalue ratio of 80 percent or higher require them as well. I have not heard a single convincing argument as to what is so burdensome about banks with $25 billion in assets ensuring that their borrowers have enough money set aside every month to pay their taxes and insurance. Furthermore, banks with less than $2 billion in assets that serve rural or underserved areas are already exempt from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s escrow requirements, which reflects the Bureau’s commitment to balanced and tailored regulations. This bill would make a dramatic leap from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s targeted relief and exempt banks up to $25 billion in assets, or over 98 percent of banks, from the escrow requirement. They would get this exemption regardless of whether they are serving underserved borrowers and without any evidence that this large exemption would increase access to credit for those who need it. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau also addressed the fact that large servicers, especially servicers that serviced loans they did not own for an extended period of time, often did not adequately communicate with customers or appropriately track paperwork. During the crisis, this contributed to millions of unnecessary foreclosures and, later on, several billiondollar settlements for abusive and fraudulent business practices. In its rule, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau also provides other flexibilities through exemptions to the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act loan servicing and escrow account administration requirements to only small bank servicers, if they and their affiliates own the loans they service, and service no more than 5,000 loans each year. H.R. 3971 would increase this exemption by 500 percent, from 5,000 loans a year to 30,000 loans, allowing significantly larger bank servicers to avoid these important consumer safeguards, and only requiring the lenders to hold the loans in portfolio for 3 years. b1230 So let’s be clear, homeowners do not get to choose their own mortgage servicer, and the least we can do is ensure that they are adequately protected after they sign on the dotted line. As we saw leading up to the 2008 financial crisis, servicers often choose profits over people, and that is why we need the Consumer Bureau to look out for the needs of consumers. The Consumer Bureau has continued to do its job in spite of the unrelenting Republican campaign to slow it down or eliminate it completely. Simply put, H.R. 3971 would enable larger servicers, whose incentives are not aligned with the owners of the loans or the borrowers, to be able to revive the abusive practices involved with predatory lending that contributed to the 2008 financial crisis. This is the second time in less than 2 weeks that I have come before you to discuss a bill that would erode vital consumer protections under the Truth in Lending Act for borrowers with highpriced mortgage loans. I cannot support legislation that would keep consumers looking at high cost mortgages from the vital protections and scrutiny they deserve. For all these reasons, I oppose H.R. 3971. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3971, the Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act. It is an important bill that is cosponsored by a bipartisan group of Members—again, bipartisan. It was approved in the Financial Services Committee with a strong bipartisan vote of 41–19, and it has a long track record of bipartisan support, 
and all Members should take note of this. I want to thank the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ), who is a fine member of the Financial Services Committee. I want to thank her for introducing the legislation and really helping lead our congressional effort to provide needed regulatory relief for our small community banks and credit unions, to give them relief from rules that are unfairly restricting our constituents’ access to mortgage credit. This is mortgage credit that would help Americans achieve a greater level of financial independence by being able to achieve perhaps their version of the American Dream, a home they can actually afford to keep. H.R. 3971 is a narrowly focused, modest effort to resolve concerns related to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s rules implementing DoddFrank Act provisions on escrows and mortgage servicing. The CFPB’s escrow requirements for property taxes and insurance are unnecessary, they are impractical, and they are a significant expense that just makes it harder for community banks and credit unions to offer mortgage loans to their customers and members. These escrow accounts are the accounts that people use to pay their taxes and pay their homeowners insurance. With the amendment soon to be introduced by the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ), a cosponsor of this legislation, this bipartisan bill would simply relieve certain small community banks and credit unions from the obligation to provide escrow accounts if they have consolidated assets of $10 billion or less and hold the mortgage on their balance sheet for 3 years. Again, Mr. Speaker, if they are holding the mortgage on their balance sheet, they have every incentive— every incentive to protect the collateral and ensure that tax and insurance payments are current. There is no reason to force them, these community banks and credit unions, to go through this very expensive process of escrowing, particularly if the customer or the credit union member doesn’t want it. A large majority of community banks do not currently escrow because of the cost of which I have spoken. And requiring them to do so, Mr. Speaker, is only going to stop them from making loans; fewer home loans, fewer people with homeownership opportunity. You know, a community banker in Missouri recently told us that the CFPB’s rule has forced his bank to ‘‘limit inhouse residential real estate lending.’’ The banker went on to say: ‘‘This is hurting the housing market and our community.’’ That just shouldn’t be happening, Mr. Speaker. A credit union official in Pennsylvania told us that this bureaucratic CFPB requirement has caused his credit union members to become ‘‘very upset and confused as to why they were unable to pay their taxes how they always had.’’ He went on to write: ‘‘These members had managed their tax and insurance payments for years without institution interference, but suddenly they feel like the government now told them they were not responsible enough to manage their own affairs.’’ This echoes precisely what we learn from a credit union leader in Pennsylvania who wrote a letter saying that ‘‘changes to mortgage servicing rules have made it more expensive and more time consuming. Servicing rules and regulations have become a fulltime regulatory and compliance nightmare.’’ Again, Mr. Speaker, fewer home loans means fewer homes for our constituents. It is not right. To fix these problems, H.R. 3971 would also increase the small servicer exemption threshold from 5,000 mortgages to 20,000 mortgages annually, which better delineates small servicers from the large servicers. A community bank or credit union that services fewer than 20,000 mortgages should not be subject to the same regulatory scrutiny as the big financial institution that has a $2 trillion servicing portfolio. Again, these important reforms will give smaller credit unions and community banks greater flexibility to ensure more of their members and customers can get a loan to buy a home and stay in their home. Again, Mr. Speaker, Ms. TENNEY ’s bill has strong bipartisan support. It has in the past; I expect it will have it again today. It solves a real problem for our constituents, and I urge adoption of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think it is important for us to realize that, in present law, community banks of $2 billion or less are exempted from requiring escrow accounts on higher priced loans if they serve rural and underserved areas. So we are talking about present law that gives this exemption. And not only does it exempt these real community banks of $2 billion or less, the banks are required to serve rural communities and underserved areas. This is so important because, oftentimes, these are loans to riskier customers. These are loans where they are charging a higher interest rate. These are loans where they are taking more risk, and so when we hear those on the opposite side of the aisle talking about different ways to service the rural communities, this is one way that the law allows that kind of attention to rural communities and underserved areas. They say: Small community banks, you don’t have to have escrow accounts, and so what we are saying to you is give your attention to these rural and underserved areas where they are higher priced loans, they are riskier accounts, and we are not going to require you to have to force upon these kinds of accounts the rules that will be forced upon different kinds of financial institutions. If we adopt this bill, it would not be about community banks at all. And I have to disagree with my chairman of the committee who talked about this, in some way, enhancing community banks’ ability to service rural and underserved areas. They are talking about expanding the exemption from $2 billion or less to $25 billion. That is not a community bank. We don’t have any community banks that are worth $25 billion or more. I want everybody to be clear what this bill is attempting to do. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKE MEYER ), the chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ), our distinguished chairman of the committee. I want to start by thanking the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ), who has become a real advocate for small financial institutions and their customers. Escrow requirements are costly and burdensome for community banks and credit unions. Many institutions lack the resources to create and maintain escrow accounts in house, and outsourcing the work is, in many cases, cost prohibitive. But this doesn’t mean that these financial institutions shouldn’t be in the business of mortgage lending. H.R. 3971 amends the Truth in Lending Act to direct the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to exempt from certain escrow requirements a loan secured by a first lien on a principal dwelling if the loan is held by a creditor with assets of $25 billion or less. Under the bill, the Bureau must also provide either exemptions to or adjustments from the mortgage loan servicing and escrow requirements of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. That relief applies only to servicers of 30,000 or fewer mortgage loans. These aren’t high thresholds, nor are the institutions that will benefit large or complex. The gentlewoman’s legislation is targeted squarely on the small banks and credit unions servicing Main Street; the financial institutions that have relationships with their customers. This is an important aspect of the bill that isn’t delineated in the legislative text. I can tell you, as someone who has made loans in my community for more than 30 years, that these small institutions care about their customers. Community bankers help people fulfill their dreams of homeownership because they care about the customer and economic health of their community. The unfortunate reality is that, across the Nation, these banks and 
credit unions are exiting the residential mortgage business. I heard from one just a few days ago. It isn’t necessarily one rule that is driving this trend. It is the onslaught of rules from the CFPB and the Federal prudential regulators that, in totality, make mortgage lending and servicing cost prohibitive. These rules aren’t helping consumers. They are forcing banks to cut off services and access to mortgage credit. They are bushing borrowers to large financial institutions and nonbank servicers, the very entities that the ranking member and some of my friends on the other side of the aisle say pose the greatest threat to consumers. The gentlewoman’s legislation ensures that consumers continue to have various credit choices by allowing smaller institutions to remain in the mortgage market without being deterred by the high cost of regulatory compliance. The increase in the small servicer exemption threshold will better delineate small servicers from the large servicers and give credit unions and community banks greater flexibility. This flexibility will help to ensure that more of their customers have access to the mortgage market and achieve the dream of homeownership. We shouldn’t be driving that business away from small servicers, and we shouldn’t subject community institutions, in this instance, to the same regulatory regime as larger ones. This is an issue the Financial Services Committee has worked on for several years, always with bipartisan support. I want to thank the gentlewoman from New York for picking up this legislation and for diligently working on this matter. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting H.R. 3971 and other measures that allow our Nation’s smaller financial institutions, their customers, and their communities to thrive. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think it is important to further explain what this bill would do and why it could be harmful. Under the present law, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act would require that the servicers handle no more than 5,000 or less loans. Why is this important? It is important because when you have servicers that are handling a relatively small number of these kinds of accounts, they can pay attention to them. Don’t forget, these are loans by community banks. They are riskier, they are higher priced loans, they are directed toward rural communities and communities that basically you have to pay a lot of attention to when you give out these loans. And now this bill would say: Yes, we know that when you are servicing a small number, 5,000 or less, that the services have to pay attention because they are under the rule of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, and that act says not only do you have to pay attention and you have to contact your borrower when you are going to transfer the loan—and let me tell you how important this is. This is so important because when you transfer a loan, if you don’t give the kind of notification to the borrower that they will understand that the originator of the loan no longer has the servicing or has the same servicing contract that is now going to move to another servicer, then people, oftentimes, end up not sending their payment to the right place. And guess what, I have seen this go on for months, and then people end up in a situation where they are defaulting on the loan, and the new servicers are putting them in a position where now their homes are in danger. b1245 So this contact, this oversight, this attention that you pay to these small borrowers is so important, and that is why the 5,000. Now, with this bill, they want to take it up to 30,000. What does that mean? It means that we are going to see the kind of problems that we have seen in the subprime meltdown that we have gone through. We have found that servicers caused us the most problems. Of course, they didn’t service the loans adequately. They lost them. They had people applying over and over again. First of all, we discovered that many of the servicers had no training, that they were literally hired off the street, and that they were basically saying to senior citizens, 75 and 80 years old: We lost your paper. Reapply again. Reapply again. We are sorry. It has been just an awful situation that was created because the servicers could not handle the volume that they were contracted with, oftentimes, for the financial institution that they were supposed to be doing this work for. So, here you have a bill that literally is not about community banks. This is about increasing the number of banks that can now have the kind of protection that we were giving to the very small community banks. So don’t believe this is about community banks. In addition to that, what you are doing is you are changing the rules and the laws under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act that protects these rural borrowers and these small, highrisk loans that are in these communities that need a special kind of help. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds just to say we are losing a community bank or credit union a day in America, and we are losing them because they are drowning in a sea of DoddFrank regulations; and as they perish, so do the dreams of many of our constituents. Mr. Speaker, if a small community bank or credit union makes a loan and keeps it on their books, guess what. They want the loan repaid. They are going to make sure that the taxes are kept current. They are going to make sure the insurance is kept current. They don’t need the burdensome regulation coming out from some Washington bureaucrat telling them how to do their business. They want to ensure the loan gets paid anyway. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), the vice chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3971, the Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act, and I thank Representative TENNEY for her hard work on this piece of legislation. At the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee, we often talk about rightsizing regulations. If we want to have a robust financial system that balances smart regulation and consumer protections with the need to make capital available to American consumers, we need to consider targeted opportunities to tailor requirements to fit the size and nature of the financial institution. Representative TENNEY ’s legislation does just that. This Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act directs the CFPB to exempt creditors with $25 billion or less in assets from certain costly escrow and impound requirements on loans secured by a first lien on a consumer’s principal dwelling. These requirements are especially burdensome for community financial institutions. They often force institutions to pass increased costs on to their consumers. This can drive business away from small banks and credit unions which are already suffering from overregulation and other economic challenges. As a result, in some cases, community financial institutions have exited the mortgage business altogether. This does not help consumers, and it further imperils our shrinking number of community banks and credit unions. This bill offers a targeted, reasonable fix so that these institutions can continue to serve their customers. This is smart. It is reasonable. It is common sense, particularly for those who understand how overregulation from Washington, D.C., has hurt consumer choice. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ), a fellow Texan and a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in favor of H.R. 3971, the Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act of 2017. I would like to also thank the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ) 
for her hard work on this piece of legislation and her leadership on this issue. An overwhelming majority of my Financial Services Committee colleagues recognized the need for this bill, and I hope that the full House will also recognize that very same need by voting in favor of this meaningful legislation. Mr. Speaker, the problem right now is that community banks are being crushed by the sheer weight, magnitude, and intricacy of habitual Washington regulations, and this is all thanks to the crippling effects of the failed DoddFrank. Currently, community financial institutions are facing overly burdensome rules implemented by the CFPB. The fact of the matter is we need H.R. 3971 in order to provide needed regulatory relief to small financial institutions. By making two simple, minor changes, community financial institutions will be able to better serve their customers. To be clear, the institutions we are trying to help are not big banks, and they do not have the capabilities of the big banks. To comply with current burdensome escrow rules, community financial institutions must devote more resources, time, and employees to compliance, and those costs get passed down to the consumer. Oftentimes, under the pressure of the current regulatory framework, these financial institutions will choose not to participate in the escrow market at all simply because the rules are financially and technically hindering. By directing the CFPB to provide relief, to lower the thresholds, we can help make things just a little bit easier on these vital community banks. Overall, we should not allow oppressive regulations to drive opportunity away from small servicers. Big banks and community financial institutions are not the same, and we should not treat them as such. As a smallbusiness owner myself of over 44 years and a steadfast defender of Main Street, I do not hesitate to support this measure. It is good for this country. I see the need for the good people of central Texas to have more options. Our job here in Washington, many miles away from our communities and those we love, is to do what we can to make their lives easier. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3971 makes life easier and takes a step in the direction of making America better. In God we trust. Merry Christmas. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is important to understand why we have a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and why it is the centerpiece of the DoddFrank reforms. Prior to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, we did not have anybody looking out for consumers, and so that led us into the crisis that this country experienced in 2008 that took us into a recession and almost a depression. When I come before you with opposition to this kind of legislation, it is because I know and understand—and we should all understand—what we can do to protect our consumers and how we can work with community banks and what that means when we are talking about a bill like this, where real community banks of $2 billion or less are dealing with populations that I have alluded to over and over again in the presentation of my opposition to this bill: the rural communities and those communities that are underserved and where these are riskier loans and where they need not only the attention of the small community banks, but the servicers who service these loans, and knowing that the servicers who service a small number of loans can, in fact, pay the attention to them that is required by RESPA and make sure that the people are understanding, when there are transfers and they are in contact with them constantly—and this goes for everything from transfers to modifications—and how to deal with highrisk loans, who may need to modify those loans, who they would talk to, how they would talk to them. I want to tell you, if you expand this, and you have servicers that are handling 30,000 or more, these borrowers are not going to get this kind of attention. So these escrows that we are talking about are extremely important, and we should know exactly who we are protecting and who we are not protecting. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman HENSARLING for his leadership, and especially a thankyou to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ), my friend, for her outstanding leadership on this issue; and I rise in support of her legislation, the Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act. Homeownership is part of the American Dream; however, an illconceived rule promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has made it harder for Americans to purchase a home. In typical onesizefitsall Washington bureaucrat fashion, the Bureau’s rule places excessive escrow and mortgage servicing requirements on the backs of smaller community financial institutions and mortgage servicers. What the Bureau missed is that these lenders are rarely in subprime lending and frequently hold the loan in portfolio for the term of the loan. This means these lenders have a very strong incentive to ensure that taxes and insurance premiums are being paid because they are taking on 100 percent of the downside risk if the borrower fails to hold up their side of the deal, and, therefore, an escrow account isn’t necessary. However, as a direct result of the rule, there is less consumer choice and more expense. That is because many community financial institutions are leaving the market or have been forced to charge home buyers more so they can afford to hire the extra professional staff they need to comply with this rule. For these reasons, I support the Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act, which exempts community financial institutions with assets of $25 billion or less from much of the regulatory burden of the Bureau’s rule. Again, I want to thank my good friend from New York, Congresswoman CLAUDIA TENNEY , and our chairman, Congressman JEB HENSARLING , for their leadership on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to vote for the Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am paying special attention to this legislation, and I take pause when I see bills like H.R. 3971 that are just a small part of Republicans’ relentless attack on the work of the Consumer Bureau. The Consumer Bureau’s work on highcost loans and consumer protections for them was well thought through and the result of careful research. Leading up to the 2008 financial crisis, many looking to fulfill the American Dream and purchase a house were convinced to take out higher cost loans without any regard for their ability to repay. They were sold false promises about the costs of their mortgage without adequate information and protections. The Consumer Bureau took years to talk to experts, hear from advocates, and do the research to come up with a strong rule to prevent those types of abuses from occurring again, while also providing regulatory relief to banks that serve rural and underserved communities. So let me take pause and, again, focus everyone on rural and underserved communities. I am oftentimes appalled by the fact that we have too many legislators who represent rural communities and underserved communities, but when it comes to looking out for their financial interests, they are not doing it. Yet they go back to these communities and they talk about all the other kinds of issues. They talk about people who are not saluting the flag properly. They will talk about freedom of choice issues, and they will rally folks around everything except their financial interests. b1300 If rural communities are being hurt, oftentimes it is because the very people who say they represent them are 
not, indeed, representing them, and we can see this in this kind of discussion. So, again, we are focused on making sure that rural and underserved communities are served properly, that they are not thrown to the wolves and thrown into situations where they can’t be paid attention to after they take out these loans. When they take out these loans, they need servicers who are trained, servicers who are committed, servicers who understand why rural and underserved communities need special protection, and who will work with them, who will contact them, who will work with them to work out situations where loan modifications may be required or requested. Mr. Speaker, I am going to continue to oppose. I understand that there are others who would like to open this up, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. LOVE), an outstanding member of the Financial Services Committee. Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3971, the Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act, because the ability to purchase a home is one of the most sacred financial goals we have as Americans. This is an important path to home ownership, and we are doing everything we can to make sure it remains accessible. This bill will help do that by ensuring that community banks and credit unions stay in the mortgage lending business and continue to provide potential homeowners with diverse credit options in their communities. I would like to thank Representative CLAUDIA TENNEY from New York for providing such a great relief to community institutions. Unfortunately, as we have seen too often, this is one more instance where government efforts to protect people are inadvertently having the opposite effect. Though intended to protect homeowners, the CFPB’s final rule and guidance on escrow and mortgage service requirements are so burdensome and costly for smaller institutions, that we are driving mortgage businesses away from them. This comes on top of an already burdensome regulatory environment in which our small financial institutions are facing rules and regulations that were made for larger banks, causing them to close their doors at a rate of one small institution a day. We need a more tailored regulatory environment that balances the credit needs of consumers with appropriate consumer protections. This legislation would do that by exempting lenders with assets of $20 billion or less from escrow requirements on highpriced mortgage loans they hold in portfolio and would provide muchneeded regulatory relief for small servicers. With smaller staff and fewer resources, existing escrow rules are financially and technically prohibitive for small community institutions. In addition, these smaller lenders often hold the liability in portfolio for the term of the loan, making an escrow account unnecessary, because the lender has a strong interest in protecting its collateral by ensuring that taxes and insurance premiums get paid. When it comes to purchasing or refinancing a home, it is tremendously important that consumers have credit options. We preserve those options by allowing community institutions to enter or remain in the mortgage market. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Utah. Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, the fact is, in my district, and in many other districts, there are small banks that are getting out of the mortgage lending business, and they cannot provide those options for the communities that they live in. We need to do everything we can to make sure that we are allowing these institutions to stay in the market without being deterred by the high cost of regulatory compliance, and thank goodness H.R. 3971 achieves those goals. I support it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky). The gentlewoman from California has 11
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill is strongly opposed by all of the consumer groups: Americans for Financial Reform, Center for American Progress, Center for Responsible Lending, the National Consumer Law Center, and Public Citizen. Why are they so opposed to this bill? This bill would, again, amend the Truth in Lending Act—that is TILA— and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act—that is RESPA—to widen the size of two exemptions that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has already provided for smaller sized institutions on escrow accounts for higher priced mortgage loans and servicing requirements for small mortgage servicers. Under the bill, escrow accounts would no longer be required for riskier, highpriced loans at institutions with less than $25 billion in assets. Currently, the exemption applies to firms with less than $2 billion in assets. The smaller service exception for increased notification requirements to consumers would be increased, again, from servicers with 5,000 loans to those with 30,000 loans. Why do all of these consumer groups oppose this legislation? Because it is obvious what is happening here. We are taking away the protection from those who need it the most. We are not doing anything for community banks. There are no $25 billion community banks. Mr. Speaker, I would ask that my colleagues in this House oppose this bill. It goes in the opposite direction of what we have done to try and give protection to those consumers who need protection the most, and the Dodd Frank reform has done this, and I would just ask opposition to this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ). Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman from New York started this debate with an amazing statistic when she said that over 1,500 small banks and financial institutions have been forced to merge or be acquired or go out of business altogether since the passage of the Dodd Frank bill. Those of us who opposed the Dodd Frank bill at that time said this would happen, and that is exactly what happened. The big have gotten bigger. I read recently that the five largest Wall Street banks had 22 percent of total deposits in this Nation before DoddFrank, but last year, when I read the update, they now have 44 percent of total deposits. There is a big government, big business duopoly that controls too much of the life of this country, and in every overregulated industry, it ends up being consolidated and controlled in the hands of a few big giants, and that is what has happened in this case. I remember when my wife and I bought our first house. We signed about two or three pages many years ago. Three and a half years ago, we bought a lake house, and we had to sign over 100 pages of documents that, being a lawyer and a judge, I knew that all it was was meaningless paperwork for bureaucrats and lawyers. This is important legislation. I have had many bankers across the State of Tennessee who have told me how harmful and how difficult it has been for the smaller institutions to comply with all the rules and regulations and red tape. Mr. Speaker, we need to pass this bill, and I urge its support. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s regulations address many questionable practices that contributed to the collapse of the housing market. Such practices were widespread in the mortgage servicing industry. The Bureau’s servicing rules apply across the board, while providing a narrow exemption for small servicers. This exemption minimizes the regulatory compliance burden on small and community banks. Expanding current exemptions to larger institutions, however, just opens the door wide to abuses by larger banks primarily doing business not in the communities, the rural 
communities and the underserved communities, but outside of the communities where they are based, and by nonbanks, which still make most of the riskier subprime mortgage loans. Mr. Speaker, I continue to ask opposition to this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUDD), a very hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the gentlewoman from New York’s legislation, H.R. 3971, and I thank her for her leadership on this very important issue. As many of my friends here today know, DoddFrank and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau have made life very difficult for many. Luckily, the Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act will, once again, solve a problem that they created, this time regarding escrow and mortgage servicing requirements. The CFPB rule regarding these accounts has done nothing more than accelerate industry consolidation in this space, particularly causing harm to rural consumers, leaving them with even less financing options. This bill reverses that problem, though, and will help bring local banks and financial institutions back into the picture. This bill simply lets them reenter the mortgage market and directs the CFPB to exempt them from the escrow account requirement of Dodd Frank. Now, though this is a bipartisan bill, some of my friends on the other side of the aisle may claim that this bill removes consumer safeguards, but I would argue that this CFPB rule that they support creates an unnecessary burden on local banks and credit unions, which, in the end, hurts local communities and people that they claim to protect with this very rule. Mr. Speaker, I am glad this bill remains largely bipartisan and, as I said, returns power back to the community financial institutions and ensures that consumers have credit through various credit choices. I want to thank Representative TENNEY for her steadfast leadership on this issue, and I urge adoption of her legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire again as to how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from California has 8
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to move now to say a word about what my colleague is attempting to do. I appreciate my colleague from California (Mr. SHERMAN ), who is going to offer an amendment that would lower the extremely high exemption thresholds in the underlying bill. I think that, having talked to him, I do understand that he believes that this is important to expand opportunity rather than to limit the ability for protection for certain of our consumers who come from these areas that I have described as rural and areas that are underserved. This amendment that he is going to present would allow creditors, again, with less than $10 billion in assets, to be exempted from escrow requirements on higher priced mortgage loans if they hold loans in portfolios for 3 years and allow servicers that service 20,000 loans or less to be exempted from enhanced consumer protection requirements under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. His amendment changes it a little bit from $25 billion to $10 billion, that is still too much, and from 30,000 loans or less to 20,000 loans or less to be exempted from, again, enhanced consumer protection requirements under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. Although I am pleased that this amendment would tighten up the language in the underlying bill somewhat, I remain concerned about the impacts it could have on many consumers. The bill is called the Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act of 2017, and the title implies that it will relieve our Nation’s smaller financial institutions from regulatory burdens. Now, we all know that community banking is not purely a function of size, but when the Consumer Bureau conducted research for its escrow requirements rulemaking, it found that none of the entities it identified as operating predominantly in rural or underserved areas had total assets as of the end of 2009 greater than $2 billion. b1315 And when the Consumer Bureau researched mortgage service and practices, it concluded: ‘‘The problematic practices that have plagued the servicing industry, particularly in recent years, are, to a large extent, a function of a business model in which servicing is viewed as a discrete line of business and profit center.’’ However, they also found that approximately 96 percent of community bank and small credit union services that only purchase a hold, mortgage service, and rights for mortgage loans, they actually own or originate service 5,000 or fewer loans. Yet this amendment would exceed the Consumer Bureau’s research base that sets that threshold by billions of dollars and its carefully researched loan service and threshold by 400 percent. So if the amendment is adopted, I must continue to oppose the bill because it would undermine the work of the Consumer Bureau and weaken consumer protections in homeownership. Congress should not be complicit in these acts by passing legislation that further erodes the rights and protections of America’s consumers. We must continue to do all that we can to ensure mortgage loan borrowers are fully aware of the terms and conditions of their mortgage loans and how much they will owe in obtaining these loans. If we are successful in convincing our colleagues today that they should not support this bill, I will be happy to work with my colleague, who I know has good intentions, to see what we can do to address what I think are some of his concerns. But for now, I must oppose the bill, and even with the amendment, it does not satisfy the concerns that I have addressed here. It does nothing to protect those in the rural communities and the underserved communities, and it does nothing to help community banks. So I am opposed both to the bill and to the amendment, and I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 7 minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I listened very carefully to my colleague, the ranking member, and I know how much respect she has— bordering, perhaps, on religious fealty—to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and I must admit, now that it is being led by our former colleague Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina, I am taking a renewed interest in their actions and their pronouncements. I am just curious, as time goes by, whether the ranking member will continue to show such faith and confidence in that particular institution. Here is what we know, Mr. Speaker. All across America, we continue to lose one community bank or credit union a day. They are not perishing of natural causes. They are perishing from the sheer weight, volume, load, cost, complexity, and expense of the DoddFrank regulatory burden, of which this CFPB rule is just one aspect. Again, as my colleague, the chairman of the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee—I believe it was he who pointed it out. There is not any one particular regulation that may cause the demise of these financial institutions, but it is the totality of them all. And as they perish, so perishes the American Dream of homeownership for so many of our constituents, particularly in rural areas like much of the Fifth District of Texas that I have the honor and pleasure of representing. Mr. Speaker, it is important that we save our community financial institutions. They play a vital role in our economy. It takes small banks and credit unions to fund our small businesses, which are the job engine of America. But again, they are being crushed by a regulatory burden. 
So I want to thank the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ) for bringing, again, just one needed, vital regulatory relief bill. Again, let’s make sure, Mr. Speaker, everybody knows what this bill is talking about. Number one, already in current law, there is an exemption for small financial institutions dealing with having mortgage servicing and mortgage escrows. We are trying to bring it to a more reasonable level, an exemption that already exists. And I assume that the ranking member believes in the exemption or she would offer legislation to repeal it in total. So now we are debating how large this exemption ought to be. Given how many of our constituents still are in need of mortgage opportunities, given the demise of our community banks and credit unions, I think what we are trying to do here is most reasonable. Soon, the gentleman from California on the other side of the aisle, a respected Democratic member of the committee, will offer an amendment that I believe the sponsor of the legislation—I, myself, am willing to accept because we are trying to work on a bipartisan basis. There is a lot of bipartisan legislation that goes to the House Financial Services Committee. I wish the ranking member would participate in more of it, as she did last week. I am sorry she is losing out on this opportunity today, so I am happy to work with the gentleman from California on a bipartisan basis to get this legislation done. Another important note to be had, Mr. Speaker, is we get this implication from the ranking member that, oh, my Lord, if we pass this bill, H.R. 3971, all of a sudden, all consumer protection law disappears from the books. Well, I have got good news: it doesn’t. After the passage of H.R. 3971, all of these mortgages will still be subject to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act; they will still be subject to regulation B; they will still be subject to the Fair Housing Act; they will still be subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act; they will still be subject to the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act; they will still be subject to the Homeowners Protection Act; they will still be subject to the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. I have got a whole sheet here, Mr. Speaker. Again, that is a red herring. At the end of the day, this is about ensuring our constituents, particularly in rural areas, have access to mortgage credit and that community banks and credit unions that are absolutely suffering under the weight of the load aren’t forced to escrow when they keep a mortgage on their books for 3 years. They are going to make sure the taxes are paid. They are going to make sure the insurance is paid. Instead, all that regulation does is burdens them and causes them to make fewer mortgage loans and, in some cases, no mortgage loans. So, again, I just want salute the gentlewoman from New York. I want to thank her for her leadership and what she is doing for her constituents in rural New York, and I urge everybody to adopt H.R. 3971. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . SHERMAN  
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 1, line 16, strike ‘‘$25,000,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$10,000,000,000’’. Page 2, line 20, strike ‘‘30,000’’ and insert ‘‘20,000’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 647, the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, this bill began with a proposal by Mr. LUETKEMEYER of Missouri two Congresses ago. Last Congress, I introduced it, and now the gentlewoman from New York is carrying the bill. Mr. Speaker, I wouldn’t be here supporting this bill in any form if it undermined DoddFrank—I cosponsored DoddFrank—or if it undermined the CFPB, an institution that I think is very important and was created by DoddFrank. With the amendment that I am proposing, this bill goes back to the text that I introduced last year. That text came before the Financial Services Committee and secured the vote of all Republicans and 60 percent of the Democrats. Now, you can’t get all the votes all the time, but if you can get, for any particular draft, 100 percent of the Republicans and 60 percent of the Democrats on the committee, that, I think, is bipartisan legislation. Now, the first part of this bill and, by far, the most important part deals with loans made by small institutions that would otherwise be required to have an impound account. An impound account is when the bank collects from you not only your mortgage payment but collects, every month, some money toward your property taxes and toward your insurance, and then the bank pays those bills for you. Small institutions are not set up in order to keep track of how much property tax to collect and pay or fire and other homeowners insurance. They would rather rely on the borrower, somebody they know, to pay their fire insurance, to pay their property taxes. Now, we can count on them to make sure that they are not giving this responsibility to somebody who can’t handle it, because they are required, under this bill, to hold the mortgage for 3 years in their portfolio. Keep in mind that the whole requirement only relates to the first 5 years. So here, they have to keep it in their portfolio for 3 years. This, I think, ensures that the bank or credit union or other small institution will make sure that the property taxes and property insurance are paid, while, at the same time, it won’t take out of the market those small institutions that can’t set up special impound accounts. A second part of this bill deals with simply telling the CFPB to make whatever adjustments it thinks are appropriate for small institutions with regard to the small servicer exemption. That leaves that authority with the CFPB. Under this amendment, the rule, whatever they decide to do for smaller institutions applies to those that are servicing not 30,000, but only 20,000 total loans, because it makes sense to have different, less complicated rules for smaller servicers. So I don’t think my amendment is sufficient to gain support for the bill from the ranking member. The bill in its amended form, it was sufficient to get 60 percent of the Democrats to vote for it in committee last year. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from New York for her work on this issue and what I understand is her support for this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentlewoman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman HENSARLING , and I thank the gentleman from California for his amendment and work on this bill. I think this amendment is acceptable, and adopting it will still allow the bill to provide some regulatory relief to our small community banks and credit unions, and it will also assist in helping our lowincome borrowers in districts like mine, NY–22, where we have lost so many community banks. I think that this will help encourage lending and allow small community banks to again lend to people who are in lower income levels. I urge my colleagues to adopt the amendment, and I thank the gentleman again from California (Mr. SHERMAN ), for his hard work on the bill and for this bipartisan effort. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, seeing no further speakers, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. b1330 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. TITUS. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Titus moves to recommit the bill H.R. 3971 to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Add at the end the following: 
Ms. TITUS (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Nevada? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Nevada is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. My motion to recommit is just a commonsense measure that I believe everybody in this House can support because it would prevent the bad actors from being able to use the exemptions in the underlying bill to dodge the consumer protections that are found in both the Truth in Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. My motion says if a lender has committed or engaged in an unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or practice under Federal law in connection with any transaction with a consumer for a financial product or service, or if they have been convicted of fraud under Federal or State law in connection with a residential mortgage loan, they cannot avail themselves of the bill’s decreased requirements. As you know, Mr. Speaker, I represent the heart of the Las Vegas valley. More than 43 million visitors come to my district every year from all around the world to enjoy our first class resorts, hotels, entertainment, and the natural beauty around us. It is also, though, home to over 2 million people. Less than a decade ago, southern Nevada, unfortunately, had the additional distinction of being at the epicenter of the foreclosure crisis that was caused by the Great Recession. At its peak, nearly 70 percent of all homes in the Las Vegas valley were under water, and the foreclosure rate was five times the national average. For 62 straight months, Nevada led the Nation in foreclosures and delinquent mortgages. This is the number—just think about this—219,000 foreclosures occurred during that period. Newspapers from coast to coast read like obituaries as home after home was boarded up, homelessness skyrocketed, and major developments along the Las Vegas strip that were under construction went bellyup, leaving highrise rusting skeletons in the middle of the desert. We lost 80,000 construction jobs during that period. We were one of the first States to be hit so hard by the recession and one of the last States to recover. But housing prices are coming back and new construction is taking place. Unfortunately, it seems that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to turn back the clock and go back to the abusive practices, including predatory lending, that contributed to the Great Recession. Supporters of this legislation—you have heard them—say it is needed to provide relief for smaller sized institutions and smaller sized mortgage servicers. But that is really the red herring here. The CFPB has already, as you heard too, provided a targeted exemption to cover those folks. This bill is really about protecting the large servicers that failed to provide necessary loan documentation and to communicate openly with their customers, in turn contributing to millions of unnecessary disclosures and settlements for abusive business practices during the financial crisis. Nevada, in fact, had to bring lawsuits against financial institutions like Countrywide and Bank of America that engaged in this predatory lending. My motion to recommit would ensure that such lending practices and loan servicing activities cannot resurface at the expense of consumers. This is especially important also in light of the fact that at the same time we are eroding consumer protections put in place after the financial crisis, my Republican colleagues are also simultaneously taking away affordable housing from my constituents. The ‘‘Job Cuts and Tax Act’’ passed by this House eliminates taxexempt private activity bonds, a move that will stifle investments in affordable housing. The Nevada Housing Division, for example, has already suspended its mortgage credit certificate program which provides an average of $2,000 a year in Federal income tax savings to first time home buyers and veterans because of the threat of this provision. Furthermore, multifamily housing bonds make affordable housing possible for seniors, people with disabilities, veterans, and lowincome families. Without the tax exemption on these bonds, Nevada can lose up to 7,000 rental homes. So, Mr. Speaker, I ask you: How can this body pass a bill that eliminates affordable rental homes; makes ownership more expensive for firsttime home buyers; and opens the door, again, to predatory lending practices that target lowincome borrowers and put them at risk of foreclosure? This mix of anticonsumer and antiaffordable housing policies does not bode well for a country that suffered a housing crisis just a decade ago, so I would urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this motion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am looking at this motion to recommit, and, on its best day, it may be superfluous and redundant; and on its worst day, it may be confusing. But I fear, in many respects, it is just a smokescreen to give many of my friends on the other side of the aisle an excuse not to vote for the underlying legislation, H.R. 3971. Already the CFPB has full UDAAP authority to deal with unfair, deceptive, and abusive acts. That already exists. So this is a red herring that somehow people are using the lack of the passage of the MTR as a rationale not to support H.R. 3971, which is vitally needed for so many of our community financial institutions to be able to make home mortgage loans to hardworking Americans who deserve their chance at the American Dream. Again, as I said earlier during this debate, Mr. Speaker, all of these mortgages continue to be subject to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Homeownership Counseling Act, the Homeowners Protection Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act, the Truth in Lending Act, Regulation Z, and the list goes on and on and on. That is simply an excuse. The MTR is an excuse not to save our struggling community banks and our citizens in rural America who deserve the services of these community banks and credit unions. Again, on its best day, it is superfluous and redundant. On its worst day, 
it is introducing confusing language into an already settled area of the law for consumer protection. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to reject the motion to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1733) to direct the Secretary of Energy to review and update a report on the energy and environmental benefits of the rerefining of used lubricating oil. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1733 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 1733, was introduced by Energy and Commerce Committee member SUSAN BROOKS  from Indiana on March 27 of this year. The legislation went through regular order, and it was reported by the full committee, without amendment, by a voice vote. This bill, H.R. 1733, requires the Secretary of Energy to review and update a report on the energy and environmental benefits of rerefining used lubricating oil. The bill reauthorizes a study that was previously directed under the Energy Policy Act of 2005. We know that recycling used lubricating oil provides environmental benefits. It does, in fact, reduce energy consumption, and, yes, it produces highquality products for consumers. H.R. 1733 is a good bipartisan bill. I want to thank Mrs. BROOKS for her hard work on this important issue and the other side of the aisle for working with us to bring the bill to the floor this afternoon. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1733, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1733, which would update a 2006 Department of Energy report on the energy and environmental benefits of rerefining used lubricating oil. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1733 represents a commonsense bill aimed at saving energy and protecting the environment by finding additional ways to reuse lubricating oil. Mr. Speaker, these measures may include increasing the collection of used oil, distributing public information on sustainable reuse, and encouraging the recycling of used oils. Mr. Speaker, the U.S. is responsible for almost onequarter of the global lubricating oil market; however, unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, we are currently behind our European counterparts in our ability to recycle this product. Mr. Speaker, this bill will help conserve energy and protect the environment by providing a Federal strategy to rerefine lubricating oil that can be used in all different types of gas and diesel engines. Mr. Speaker, I would like to commend my colleague from the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mrs. BROOKS from Indiana, for sponsoring this bipartisan bill, and I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ), who is a member of the committee and the author of this bill. b1345 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in favor of H.R. 1733. Like many Hoosiers, I believe in the value of recycling and the benefits it brings to Indiana and our country. This bill would help us understand how we can better recycle lubricating oil. H.R. 1733 requires a 2006 study mandated by the Energy Policy Act of 2005 be updated to reflect current information about the benefits or rerefined lubricating oil and how its production and use could be increased in the country. Rerefining removes contaminants from the oil and blends additives to restore the oil to its original effectiveness. Used oil can be rerefined infinitely and is suitable for use in many types of gas and diesel engines. In fact, the Federal Government already requires rerefined oil to be used within many agencies’ vehicle fleets and many State and local governments require its use as well. Ensuring that Congress has upto date data on the value of recycled oil will allow legislators to make smarter decisions when developing environmental and energy policies moving forward. By updating this study, companies across the country that produce rerefined oil, like Indiana’s own Crystal Clean, will have a better understanding of the latest trends regarding this product and how they can better anticipate the needs of the Federal Government. I am proud to say that Members on both sides of the aisle supported this bill when it passed through the Energy and Commerce Committee because it is environmentally conscious and supports an alloftheabove energy strategy. I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ) for his continued support on this bill, and the Ranking Member on the Energy Subcommittee, Mr. RUSH, as we introduced this together earlier this year to move this through committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I would remind my colleagues that this is a bipartisan bill. I would like to think we can pass this on a voice vote. I, again, commend the gentlewoman from Indiana, our committee, and the staff for getting this done. We hope that the Senate will take it up soon. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1733. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROMOTING HYDROPOWER DEVELOPMENT AT EXISTING NONPOWERED DAMS ACT Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2872) to amend the Federal Power Act to promote hydropower development at existing nonpowered dams, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2872 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting Hydropower Development at Existing Nonpowered Dams Act’’. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 2872, was introduced by Energy and Commerce Committee member LARRY BUCSHON in June of this year. The legislation went through regular order and was reported by the full committee with a bipartisan amendment by a voice vote. This bill promotes hydropower by development at existing nonpowered dams by establishing an expedited licensing process that will result in a final decision on an application in 2 years or less. We know hydropower is a clean, renewable, and reliable source of energy that provides lowcost electricity to millions of Americans. As we have learned through hearings at the Energy and Commerce Committee, the current regulatory process places new hydropower projects at existing nonpowered dams at a significant disadvantage. The current process takes way too long and it creates too much uncertainty, burdening consumers with additional unnecessary costs and preventing jobs and economic opportunities. This bill, H.R. 2872, makes important changes to the process to enable FERC to issue a decision in 2 years or less. The legislation also requires that FERC, as well as the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the Department of the 
Interior, to develop a list of existing nonpowered Federal dams that have the greatest potential for nonFederal hydropower development. This is a good bipartisan bill. I thank Dr. BUCSHON for his hard work on this important issue and for working with our colleagues across the aisle to bring the bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 12, 2017. Hon. GREGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : I write concerning H.R. 2872, the Promoting Hydropower Development at Existing Nonpowered Dams Act. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forego action on the bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that foregoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. Lastly, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure during any HouseSenate conference convened on this or related legislation. I would ask that a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor, to memorialize our understanding. I look forward to working with the Committee on Energy and Commerce as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, December 12, 2017. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 2872, Promoting Hydropower Development at Existing Nonpowered Dams Act. I appreciate your committee’s willingness to forego action on H.R. 2872 so that this legislation may be brought before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner. I agree that foregoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice your committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within your committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I will support your request for the appropriate appointment of conferees from the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure during any HouseSenate conference convened on this or related legislation. I will place a copy of your letter and this response into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, December 12, 2017. Hon. GREGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 2872, Promoting Hydropower Development at Existing Nonpowered Dams Act. The bill contains provisions within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Natural Resources Committee. In the interest of permitting you to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this very important bill, the Committee foregoes further consideration of the bill. I do so with the understanding that the Natural Resources Committee does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill that fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I also request that you support my request to name members of the Natural Resources Committee to any conference committee to consider such provisions. Finally, please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 2872 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you and your staff have worked regarding this matter and others between our respective committees. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, December 12, 2017. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BISHOP : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 2872, Promoting Hydropower Development at Existing Nonpowered Dams Act. I appreciate your willingness to forgo action on the bill so that it can proceed expeditiously to floor consideration. I agree that the Natural Resources Committee does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill that fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I will support your request to name members of the Natural Resources Committee to any conference committee to consider such provisions. Finally, I will place this letter into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2872, the Promoting Hydropower Development at Existing Nonpowered Dams Act. Mr. Speaker, I commend my colleague from the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr. BUCSHON from Indiana, for sponsoring this bipartisan piece of legislation. I would also like to acknowledge the committee staffs from both the majority and minority sides for working together in good faith to develop a bill that resolved the differences between the two sides as we proceeded through the committee process in order to get the bill onto the floor here today. Mr. Speaker, I am a huge proponent of hydropower as a safe, reliable, carbonfree way of providing energy to millions of Americans, especially when the licensing process is conducted in a reasonable and transparent manner that takes into account environmental safeguards as well as the rights and interests of the affected local communities. Mr. Speaker, I believe that H.R. 2872 encompasses all of these objections. H.R. 2872 would allow FERC, in consultation with Federal and State resource agencies, as well as Native American Tribes, to establish an expedited licensing process for installing hydropower generation at existing dams that don’t produce electricity by exempting these projects from regulation under the Federal Power Act. Mr. Speaker, under this bill, FERC would be required to provide a final decision on license applications within 2 years of receiving a completed application for new generation projects at nonpowered dams that are completely constructed as of the date of the bill’s enactment and which aren’t generating electricity through hydropower. Eligible projects, Mr. Speaker, must not result in any material change to the storage, release, or flow operations of the dam. H.R. 2872 would also require FERC to establish an interagency task force, consisting of relevant Federal and State agencies, as well as Native American Tribes, that would all coordinate the authorizations necessary to license the facility. FERC would also be required to gauge the safety of nonFederal dams under consideration and to require the facility to meet the Commission’s dam safety requirements throughout the term of the license. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, FERC would work with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, as well as the Interior and Agriculture Departments, to develop a list of existing nonpowered federally owned dams with the greatest potential for nonFederal hydropower development. Finally, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2872 would exempt hydropower applicants from having to pay annual fees associated with the licenses until construction actually commences on the project. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2872 represents a major step in the right direction for increasing our ability to issue hydropower permits in a fair, transparent, and expedited way, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this notable bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I want to say that I appreciate the gentleman’s willingness to work on these bills together. I really appreciate his hard work. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BUCSHON ), the sponsor of this legislation, in support of this bill. 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Whether it is turning on the light above the kitchen table in a home or powering heavy machinery in a factory, the American people expect there to be reliable and affordable energy to power their lives and our economy. That is why it is important that we take advantage of all forms of Americanmade energy. According to Department of Energy estimates, there are more than 50,000 suitable nonpowered dams across the country that collectively have the technical potential to add 12 gigawatts of hydropower capacity. To put that in context, that is the same potential capacity as two dozen coalfired power plants. Back home in Indiana, there are six nonpowered dams located in the Eighth District that could benefit from an expedited permitting process that promotes hydropower generation and provides quality Hoosier jobs. Unfortunately, unnecessary government red tape is preventing us from taking advantage of clean, renewable energy from hydropower at existing nonpowered dams. The current regulatory process simply takes too long, taking up to a decade to approve a project, which stifles the investment needed to bring additional capacity at existing dams online. We have the opportunity to change this with H.R. 2872, the Promoting Hydropower Development at Existing Nonpowered Dams Act. Specifically, this legislation cuts through the red tape and instructs FERC to create an expedited permitting process that will result in a final decision on an application in just 2 years or less. Streamlining the permitting process for qualifying nonpowered dam projects represents an important first step in modernizing our existing infrastructure. Additionally, it will incentivize investments in clean hydropower development, allowing us to take advantage of an American source of energy. I applaud both sides of the aisle for their work to reach a bipartisan solution, and I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 2872. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. LOEBSACK ), an outstanding member of the subcommittee. Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2872, the Promoting Hydropower Development at Existing Nonpowered Dams Act. Iowa has become a national leader in renewable energy. Currently, my State provides over 40 percent of its electricity from renewable sources, including over 37 percent from wind power alone. But there is a lot of potential. In 2012, the U.S. Department of Energy found that there is over 12,000 megawatts of untapped hydropower potential in the Nation’s existing dams. That is enough electricity to power 4 million homes. That same report ranked Iowa 10th in available energy capacity in the United States if these nonpowered dams were converted, with the potential to generate 427 megawatts. b1400 Renewable energy development like hydropower has created thousands of goodpaying jobs across Iowa. My district is the home of three hydroelectric generation plants and will soon be the home of the second largest hydro plant in the State, the Red Rock Hydroelectric Project. Upon completion, Red Rock will produce upwards of 36 megawatts of energy. That is enough electricity to power the nearby city of Pella, and it has led to hundreds of jobs across the State of Iowa. However, projects like Red Rock and others have been slowed by a cumbersome licensing process as has been mentioned by folks on both sides of the aisle here. Congress must work to streamline the hydropower licensing processes so that more clean, renewable energy and domestic energy can be brought onto the grid for the American consumer, while also ensuring that these projects do not harm the environment. This is why I am proud to have worked with Mr. BUCSHON and my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee to bring this commonsense, jobcreating, bipartisan legislation to the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), the chairman of the full committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their great work on this: Mr. RUSH from Illinois and, of course, the former chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, my friend, Mr. UPTON , and our other committee members who put so much into these important pieces of legislation. To date, the committee has worked in a bipartisan manner to examine and advance thoughtful solutions that prioritize consumers, support American businesses and jobs, and protect the environment. These commonsense, bipartisan bills we are considering today continue this very strong and bipartisan effort. As many of you have heard me discuss before, hydropower plays an integral role in electricity generation across our great country as well as in my home State of Oregon. In fact, nearly 43 percent of electricity in Oregon comes from this dependable base load power resource, and it has supported jobs along the Columbia River and throughout the State. Two of the three bills under consideration today build upon the committee’s work promoting this emissionsfree energy resource. In fact, the House of Representatives has already passed 10 Energy and Commerce Committee bills that promote hydropower and modernize the licensing process so we can get these projects to market faster. H.R. 2872, the Promoting Hydropower Development at Existing Nonpowered Dams Act, is authored by my good friend from Indiana and committee member, LARRY BUCSHON . Dr. BUCSHON ’s legislation would promote hydropower development by expediting the licensing process for these types of facilities: dams that could have hydropower put on them, but don’t right now. We want to take advantage of that power. H.R. 2872 also requires the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and Department of the Interior to develop a list of existing nonpowered Federal dam facilities across the country that have the greatest potential for nonFederal hydropower development. What we want to know is: Where are these dams already in existence so we can put a generator on, in effect, and generate electricity and create electricity without emission? The second hydropower bill under consideration was authored by our distinguished Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee vice chairman, MORGAN GRIFFITH , from Virginia. Now, Mr. GRIFFITH ’s bill, H.R. 2880, the Promoting ClosedLoop Pumped Storage Hydropower Act, unanimously passed the committee last week. This promotes what is called closedloop pumped storage hydropower development by streamlining the licensing for such facilities. Fundamentally, what happens is you generate power; and, when there is surplus power, it pumps, puts water on top of a reservoir, and then when you need to generate energy at peak times, the water comes back down through a pipe, through another generator, back into a lower elevation reservoir, and you repeat the cycle. It just really acts like a battery in some respects and produces, again, emissions, free hydropower. The third bill under consideration today was authored by our committee member Representative SUSAN BROOKS  from Indiana, H.R. 1733. Now, this directs the Secretary of Energy to update the Federal strategy for recycling used lubricating oil. Recycling used lubricating oil provides environmental benefits, reduces energy consumption, which is important, and produces highquality products for consumers across our country. Mr. Speaker, cumulatively, these bills underscore the Energy and Commerce Committee’s willingness to reach across the aisle and work together in a bipartisan way to find commonsense solutions that make a difference for people across the country that improve the environment and generate emissionsfree energy. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues and the staff on both sides of the committee for their great work in this case. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support these measures and get them to the President’s desk. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I, too, have no further speakers. Mr. Speaker, I again commend members on both sides of the aisle for getting this bill to the floor, and the staff. I appreciate the leadership for scheduling this, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LAHOOD). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2872, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROMOTING CLOSEDLOOP PUMPED STORAGE HYDROPOWER ACT Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2880) to amend the Federal Power Act to promote closedloop pumped storage hydropower, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2880 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting ClosedLoop Pumped Storage Hydropower Act’’. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 2880, was introduced by Energy and Commerce Committee member MORGAN GRIFFITH  in June of this year. The legislation went through regular order, and it was reported by the full committee with a bipartisan amendment by a voice vote. The bill promotes closedloop pumped storage hydropower projects by establishing an expedited licensing process that is going to result in a final decision on an application in 2 years or less. We know that hydropower is a clean, renewable, and reliable source of energy that provides lowcost electricity to millions of Americans across the country. Closedloop pumped storage is different than conventional hydro. These types of projects move water between two reservoirs located at different elevations in order to store energy and then generate that electricity. 
As we have learned through hearings at the Energy and Commerce Committee, the complete regulatory process places new pumped storage hydropower projects at a significant disadvantage. Pumped storage hydro has been around for almost 100 years, but with more intermittent renewables coming online, the need for gridscale storage is more important than ever. The current process to license pumped storage takes way too long and creates too much uncertainty, burdening consumers with additional unnecessary costs and preventing jobs and economic opportunities. This bill makes important changes to the process to enable FERC to issue a decision in 2 years or less. The legislation also requires FERC to hold a workshop to explore potential opportunities for development of closedloop pumped storage projects at abandoned mine sites. This bill is a good, bipartisan bill. I thank Mr. GRIFFITH for his hard work on this important issue and for working with our colleagues across the aisle to bring this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2880, the Promoting Closed Loop Pumped Storage Hydropower Act. Mr. Speaker, as I have stated many times before, I am a strong supporter of hydropower, which provides clean, renewable, carbonfree, reliable energy for millions of American businesses and households. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I must commend my Energy and Commerce Committee colleague Mr. GRIFFIN from Virginia for sponsoring this important, bipartisan piece of legislation. I must also applaud the work of the committee staff from both sides of the aisle for their tireless work in negotiating a bill that I believe all Members can fully support. Mr. Speaker, closedloop pump hydroelectric storage facilities operate in a capacity similar to batteries in that when there is a surplus of energy, water is pumped to an upper reservoir, and when more energy is needed, that water can then be released to produce electricity through the use of turbines. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2880 would require FERC to create an expedited licensing process for closedloop pumped storage projects within 2 years of receiving a completed application. FERC would also be required to issue a rule establishing the new process within 180 days of this bill’s enactment. Mr. Speaker, in order to ensure local stakeholder input and collaboration, FERC will establish an interagency task force representing Federal and State agencies, as well as Native American Tribes, that would coordinate the authorizations needed to license the facility. H.R. 2880, Mr. Speaker, would also direct FERC to evaluate the safety of any dam or other existing structure that would be associated with a project and specify that potential projects could not cause significant changes to surface and groundwater uses or adversely impact threatened or endangered species. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2880 would, for the first time, allow additional entities, including private partners, to join as co licensees with municipalities in order to take advantage of the municipal preference. That preference would continue for such a privatepublic partnership even at the point that the municipality does not retain a majority interest in the project. H.R. 2880, Mr. Speaker, also mandates FERC to hold a workshop and issue guidance within 6 months of enactment to assist license applicants for closedloop pumped storage projects at abandoned mine sites. Mr. Speaker, this provision would allow for these abandoned mines, many of which may already have the infrastructure in place to accommodate these projects, to be repurposed, potentially putting unemployed mining communities back to work. So, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2880 is a much needed, bipartisan, critical piece of legislation that would help to increase the number of lowcarbon hydropower projects, while also taking into account the needs and interests of impacted local stakeholders. I strongly support this bill, Mr. Speaker, and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1415 Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ), the author of the bill. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman WALDEN and Chairman UPTON for their cooperation and input. The teams on both sides of the aisle, the chairman of the full committee, and the chairman of the subcommittee have worked really hard to advance this important bill, and I thank them. Hydropower is an essential component of an alloftheabove energy strategy. We have a tremendous opportunity to expand renewable hydropower production. However, without some muchneeded licensing improvements, we risk losing investment opportunities in new hydropower infrastructure. In particular, closedloop pumped storage hydro projects offer the opportunity to store energy for use when it is needed. In essence, it is a giant natural battery. H.R. 2880, the Promoting ClosedLoop Pumped Storage Hydropower Act, establishes an expedited licensing process for these projects. This bill cuts unnecessary red tape that currently accompanies approval of these projects, hindering energy security and job creation. I am excited about the possibility that some are exploring to build these facilities in abandoned mines and/or the coal fields of central Appalachia. As a part of this, H.R. 2880 also requires FERC to hold a workshop to explore the potential opportunities for development of closedloop projects in abandoned mine sites. I am hopeful this will be a real benefit to our coal field regions in the form of jobs, economic development, and energy security; and I am proud of what we are doing here in an effort to make this happen. If we can repurpose some of these mines or bring jobs in to central Appalachia that don’t currently exist, it is an energy region and it is a region that understands the energy issues, and as people want to get rid of coal—I support keeping coal—but all of the above requires we also do hydropower. I urge my colleagues to help us create new jobs in these regions by supporting this bipartisan, commonsense legislation promoting closedloop hydropower development. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ), another notable outstanding member of the subcommittee. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I also thank Mr. GRIFFITH for introducing the Promoting ClosedLoop Pumped Storage Hydropower Act. He did valuable work to make this the bipartisan version we see today. More electricity from hydropower is key to meeting our clean energy goals, to reducing harmful emissions that pollute our air and water and contribute to climate change. Hydropower is one of the few carbon free energy sources that provides a steady baseload of electricity. This bill will give closedloop hydropower projects an expedited process for approval from FERC. It will consider interagency input through a new task force and provide appropriate protection for wildlife and endangered species while helping us grow emissionsfree energy. These closedloop projects often integrate other forms of renewable energy, like solar, to develop a power generation cycle that is clean, secure, and reliable. In San Diego, where large rivers and typical hydropower generation are less common, closedloop pumped storage hydropower offers an innovative solution and can have other benefits to the region’s energy and reservoir systems. In my district, the Lake Hodges Pumped Storage Project has provided clean energy since 2012, and a new project at the San Vicente Reservoir is being considered now. We must consider to have productive bipartisan conversations like these that produce the ultimate goal of streamlining the regulatory process so that hydropower projects can be approved more quickly while still meeting high environmental standards. 
I would also like to thank Energy and Commerce Committee leadership and staff for helping advance this bill to the floor, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on this side, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers either. Again, I want to commend my colleagues for pushing this legislation, for working with both sides of the aisle. Again, my congrats to my counterpart, my ranking member on the Energy Subcommittee, and all my colleagues. Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2880, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXTENDING AUTHORITY TO CONDUCT TELEWORK TRAVEL EXPENSES TEST PROGRAMS Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4171) to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend the authority to conduct telework travel expenses test programs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4171 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO CONDUCT TELEWORK TRAVEL EXPENSES TEST PROGRAMS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4171, a bill I introduced with Congressman CONNOLLY , to extend Federal agencies’ authority to conduct a telework pilot program. The Telework Enhancement Act of 2010 provided Federal agencies, and specifically the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, with the authority to conduct a pilot program to incentivize telework. The pilot program allows agencies to waive the reimbursement of travel costs for teleworking employees who return to headquarters for mandatory training programs. Both agencies and employees benefit from this arrangement. Agencies benefit from having an additional tool for recruitment and retention. Agencies also realize cost savings by allowing employees to work at different locations. For example, according to the USPTO, its telework program saved $77.4 million in fiscal year 2016 alone. The savings are related to lower real estate costs and increased personnel retention. In turn, teleworking employees can work from almost anywhere in the United States. The teleworking program moves USPTO employees into the communities that they serve. For example, in my State of Montana, the pilot program allowed the USPTO to place patent examiners in Bozeman, Butte, Billings, and Missoula. Teleworking can grow opportunities in our communities that aren’t close to highly populated areas that house Federal agencies. It has the promise of bringing more goodpaying jobs to Montana and other rural areas across the country. Now that agencies are seeing the cost savings associated with telework, this pilot program can be wound down. Absent congressional action, this program expired last week. However, the USPTO has requested an extension in order to allow it to budget for increased travel expenses related to paying for employees to return to agency headquarters in northern Virginia or one of its regional offices. This bill extends the program for 3 years. I thank the congressman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), for working with me in a bipartisan fashion to bring this bill to the floor. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative GIANFORTE and Representative CONNOLLY for their work on this bipartisan bill to extend the authority for agencies to conduct telework pilot programs for travel expenses. The current authority for this program expired on December 9 of this year, so passage of this bill is urgently needed. The bill extends the program until December 13 of 2020. In February of 2012, the United States Patent and Trademark Office used this authority to initiate the Telework Enhancement Act Pilot Program. This program allows USPTO employees to work throughout the country and waives the requirement that the agency pay their travel costs for mandatory trips back to its headquarters. According to the USPTO, the program significantly expanded the agency’s teleworking workforce and allowed it to hire and retain a highly skilled workforce. The USPTO also estimates that this program has saved the agency more than $77 million in fiscal year 2016, including $17 million in avoided real estate costs and nearly $32 million in reduced recruitment expenses. The agency also cites increased productivity, work hours, employee morale, and decreased environmental impacts as benefits of the pilot. Given its benefits, it makes sense to authorize an extension of this pilot program. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter that the Oversight Committee received from The National Treasury Employees Union yesterday supporting the bill. 
THENATIONAL TREASURY  EMPLOYEES UNION, December 11, 2017. DEARREPRESENTATIVE : As National President of the National Treasury Employees Union, representing over 150,000 federal employees in 31 different agencies, I am writing to express NTEU’s views on HR 4171, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend the authority to conduct telework travel expenses test programs, which is scheduled to be considered by the House tomorrow. NTEU represents the trademark attorneys at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (PTO). The enhanced telework program has allowed employees to work and live in various communities across the nation, saving PTO office property costs and reducing employee turnover. We support the bipartisan legislation for a shortterm extension of the pilot, which we believe has been a success for both the PTO and employees. We believe, with the expiration of this new extension, that the agency will have the experience to be able to allow national telework while covering employee travel costs. Sincerely, ANTHONY M. R EARDON , National President. 
Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I would make the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ) aware that I have no further speakers and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentlewoman from Florida and the author of the legislation and manager for their leadership on this issue as members of the Oversight Committee and indicate that I rise to support H.R. 4171. I am a member of the Judiciary Committee and have worked very hard on patent and trade issues, and particularly the patent office, and I see this as 
raising the caliber of opportunity of different types of employees, which are very important. The patent office is a skilled entity, and clearly, this gives a greater opportunity for those individuals to work in places beyond Washington, D.C. I also think it is important to note that telework is advancing, and it should not be considered less work than anyone who is at an office. I would hope that, as we look at legislation dealing with telework, that telework would not diminish the benefits that an employee gets and they would not be distinguished because they are working at home, if it was allowed, versus in an office. So I think this is an important responsibility of the Oversight Committee, and clearly, I rise to support that. Keeping in mind that the House Judiciary Committee and the House Oversight Committee have worked together on a number of issues, I might just comment on, I think, an element that needs the cooperation of the Judiciary Committee as well. I think, today, many of us heard of a statement being offered by the Oval Office. I would like to read part of it into the RECORD . It deals with the standards of accountability and protocol and decorum. It was sent by the Oval Office. ‘‘Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office ‘begging’ for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against . . .’’—I will just say the Oval Office. This requires oversight of the appropriate committees because it is a question of protocol, dignity of the office. I would offer to say, as a woman, I am outraged that these comments were made. I don’t know what it means to say ‘‘would do anything.’’ We all know that we do not have public finance, and members of various parties and levels of government raise fundraising dollars to communicate to their constituents. I would imagine that they go to any number of individuals who live in their State. b1430 I think that Senator GILLIBRAND obviously went to an individual who lived in her State, but to silence a sitting Senator on her expression of outrage over treatment of women and to utilize a theme that has been used for decades regarding how women rise—this is the larger question, how women rise. Are they Ph.D.’s? Are they law enforcement? Are they secretaries or doctors? Are they teachers? Are they in businesses in Hollywood? Are they in aviation? How do they rise? This squarely talks about, overall, all women and, frankly, I think it is important, in an oversight capacity, that the women who have asked to be heard as it relates to issues of the Oval Office should be heard, as all, in a process of combining committees, such as Oversight and Judiciary. That is our appropriate protocol. All that I have said, I have always said that these issues should be allowed the appropriate investigation and due process, and that, I think, would be what the American people would want us to do. So I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I could not be on the floor, and I would be remiss, if I did not bring to the attention of my colleagues the dastardly comment that does not fit the office and, really, characterizes women, American women, since this is an issue and a statement made here in the United States, characterizes women in a highly inappropriate manner; and a professional colleague in an equal branch of government to be castigated by the Oval Office, I think an apology is warranted. But I think an investigation is warranted for those women who have made allegations who have yet, to date, been heard, and I might add, they have yet, to date, been sued, so they have not had their day in court to be able to answer any such allegations. I hope that our respective chairpersons and committees will investigate this in the most appropriate way forward. And any woman that is of a generation of this time, millennials or other women, have had the allegations made against them that the only way they have risen is because they have acted in a certain manner, I don’t think that that is appropriate and appropriate decorum. With that, I support this legislation. I look forward to the answer to our request for full hearings on these women who have to have their say and to be heard regarding the protocols of the Oval Office. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman and Members of the body are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities against Members of the Senate. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4171, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONVERSE VETERANS POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1208) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9155 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas, as the ‘‘Converse Veterans Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1208 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1208, introduced by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). The bill names the United States Post Office at 9155 Schaefer Road in Converse, Texas, after the veterans from Converse. H.R. 1208 honors the veterans of Converse, Texas, for their service to this Nation. I look forward to hearing more about the brave exploits of the Converse veterans from my colleague and the bill’s sponsor, Representative HENRY  CUELLAR . In the meantime, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 1208, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Post Office located at 9155 Schaefer Road in Converse, Texas, as the Converse Veterans Post Office Building. Every day, brave men and women in our military make great sacrifices to defend this Nation and protect our freedom. While we can never repay them for their service, naming the Converse Post Office in their honor is the least we can do. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill and name this post office so that we might recognize the selfless service of 
our veterans and honor the sacrifices they have made for this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I, too, urge the passage of H.R. 1208, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to make the gentlewoman from Florida aware that I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida for yielding and for her leadership on this issue dealing with veterans. I also want to thank my friend from Montana for his leadership in support of veterans across the Nation. Today, Mr. Speaker, I rise to present H.R. 1208, which will rename the post office facility in my district as the Converse Veterans Post Office Building. Across my district, I have fine men and women of all walks of life that have honorably served our country. It is critical that we honor their service and their dedication to our Nation. Converse alone is home to over 3,000 veterans, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Dedicating this post office to our veterans will serve as an enduring reminder of the sacrifices that our friends, our neighbors, our families have made while serving their country. These individuals put country ahead of self, and I am proud to recognize them with the dedicating of this post office facility. Today, I want to acknowledge one sacrifice from one individual; that is an individual from Converse, Texas, a veteran by the name of Quintin E. Cain. Mr. Cain served 23 years in the Army as a medic, where he would receive numerous medals and recognitions. After being honorably discharged, he continued to serve the country, his country, by using the medical training that he had to train combat medic students as a civilian. We owe our freedom to veterans such as Mr. Cain, which is why I am recognizing him and, of course, the other veterans, by dedicating this post office. He is just one example of many veterans who have made countless sacrifices for their country in the face of danger. The bravery and the commitment of our veterans to our Nation demonstrates what it really means to be an American, the essence of being an American. I would also like to take a moment to thank the veterans organizations throughout my district for their tireless work in providing care to our veterans when they need it. There are good men and women who work hard and provide that care to our veterans. Let us remember and express gratitude to these courageous people, the veterans, their families, as well as their care providers. In the words of President John F. Kennedy, when he said, ‘‘A nation reveals itself not only by the men it produces, but also by the men it honors and the men it remembers’’—and I would like to add, and women also— correct President John F. Kennedy. This bill allows us to show our appreciation for the veterans, the men and women of Converse, Texas, and across the Nation, and make sure that their service and sacrifice to our country is not forgotten. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1208. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SERGEANT JOHN BASILONE POST OFFICE Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2815) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Sergeant John Basilone Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2815 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2815, introduced by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). The bill names the United States Post Office at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, after Sergeant John Basilone. Sergeant Basilone was among the first wave of marines to storm the shores of Iwo Jima on February 19, 1945. I thank Representative LANCE for introducing this bill to pay tribute to the life and sacrifice of Sergeant Basilone. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) to explain his bill. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an American hero and a proud son of New Jersey, Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone, and I offer this bill to name the post office in Raritan, New Jersey, in his honor. Gunnery Sergeant Basilone is an exemplar of brave service in our Armed Forces, and a member of the Greatest Generation, whose collective bravery and selflessness won World War II and liberated millions from oppression. In Congress, there are many actions we take to honor and remember those who serve our Nation. These commendations matter. Younger generations ask whose name is inscribed on monuments and flag posts or on Federal properties; and in retelling these stories, we inspire young Americans to appreciate the generations that came before in public service. Sergeant Basilone, indeed, has a tremendous story. Born on November 4, 1916, in Buffalo, New York, he was 1 of 10 siblings born to Salvatore and Dora Basilone. His father, an immigrant from Italy, and his mother, a native of Manville, New Jersey, decided to raise their family in the Somerset County, New Jersey, Borough of Raritan. At just barely 18 years of age, a young Basilone decided to enlist in the United States Army in the 1930s. He would begin his military career with a tour of the Philippines. In the Army, he was popular, extremely wellliked. He boxed and contributed to a sense of camaraderie that put the young men who were a world away from home at ease. He would later be honorably discharged from the Army and return home. But in 1940, the trumpet summoned him again, and he reenlisted, this time in the Marines. He would be dispatched to the height of battle in the Pacific theater. Sergeant Basilone and many fellow marines were part of Operation Watchtower to regain territory in Guadalcanal, the site of a Japanese airfield. On August 7, 1942, the group took the airfield and defended it bravely from Japanese attempts to reconquer the territory. In October of 1942, the Japanese began another land attack to regain control of Guadalcanal. Sergeant Basilone fought bravely for 2 days and 
ultimately contributed to the annihilation of a considerable portion of the Japanese regiment. In a moment of selfless service to his fellow marines, Sergeant Basilone endured brutal enemy fire during the assault to assist nearby machine gunners in trouble. Seeing the immediate danger, he killed eight encroaching Japanese soldiers and quickly provided aid and equipment to the pinned marines. He saved many lives that day and, in later testimony, his fellow marines credited Sergeant Basilone’s gallantry and heroic conduct for saving their lives, actions that would earn him the Medal of Honor in recognition of his actions at Guadalcanal. b1445 Sergeant Basilone would return home for a short time, selling war bonds to continue doing what he could for the country he loved and the work of which he was so proud. However, staying stateside was not where he wanted to be. He volunteered to go back to the Pacific. Before he left Camp Pendleton and returned to battle, he married Lena Mae Riggi on July 10, 1944. One of Gunnery Sergeant Basilone’s greatest traits was his tremendous regard for the safety of his fellow warriors. He could not let the narrow escape in Guadalcanal happen again, so he worked diligently to train recruits on proper machinegun use. His trainees became known as the Basilone Boys. One of his recruits, William Douglas Lansford, spoke of the pride and confidence Gunnery Sergeant Basilone instilled in him. ‘‘We wanted to be just like him,’’ Lansford was known to have said. While he could have remained stateside at home with his new wife, he insisted on staying with the Basilone Boys. Gunnery Sergeant Basilone and his men stormed the shores of Iwo Jima with the first wave of marines on February 19, 1945. The Japanese returned heavy fire. Sergeant Basilone ran toward one of the block houses, the source of Japanese fire, and quickly destroyed it with grenades and demolitions. After this, he scrambled to rescue an American tank that was trapped in a minefield. But in a moment that will forever live in our hearts, Sergeant Basilone and a handful of his fellow marines were then hit by heavy mortar fire. He died alongside the brave men who stepped forward to serve this country and the men he wanted to return to battle to protect and defend. Thanks to his bravery and his fellow marines, the Allied Forces were able to complete the invasion. He would be awarded, posthumously, the Navy Cross, the United States Navy’s highest decoration, for his sacrifice and service on that fateful day, becoming the only marine in the war to receive both the Navy Cross and the Medal of Honor. In the generations that have followed, Sergeant Basilone has rightfully taken his place as an American hero of the Second World War. Raritan has held a parade in his honor every September. His statue stands in the heart of the borough. His legacy of love and service to the country has been maintained by his extended family, such as his niece Kim Van Note, through the Basilone Foundation. Kim joins us today in the House gallery. Gunnery Sergeant Basilone, more than self, his country loved, and it is that great love of country and an American spirit I hope that inspires future generations for years—might I suggest, decades—to come. It is the least we can do in the House of Representatives to name Raritan’s post office in his honor. I am honored to sponsor this legislation. Mr. GIANFORTE. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 2815, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Post Office located at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, as the Sergeant Basilone Post Office. We have already heard he was born in 1916 and enlisted in the United States Army at the young age of 18. While serving in the Philippines, Sergeant Basilone developed a reputation as a championship boxer. He returned to the United States in 1937 to begin work as a truck driver, but we have heard that that was not enough. He reenlisted in the Marines in 1940. Sergeant Basilone earned the reputation as the marine who proved that the opposition was not invincible. Sergeant Basilone was a hero. As stated, upon his death, he was awarded a Navy Cross, the Navy’s highest decoration. Mr. Speaker, we must pass this bill to name the post office in Raritan, New Jersey, after their hometown hero so that future generations might continue to be inspired by his selfless and heroic service. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 2815, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to make the gentlewoman from Florida aware that I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), my colleague. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, Sergeant Basilone was the first enlisted marine to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor in the war. In 1943, the Sunday News captured his picture with his award, the first that he would receive and the first of anyone in that war. I have had it in my office for the years that I have been on this particular issue, Mr. Speaker. It is a great honor to salute Sergeant Basilone’s family, a native of New Jersey, and a hero of our ItalianAmerican community. He started serving his country, as you already heard, very early in the U.S. Army; and then 3 years later, he enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps, where he was sent to a position on the Tenaru River in Guadalcanal and placed in command of two sections of heavy machine guns. Despite being outnumbered, Sergeant Basilone and his men successfully defended Henderson airfield from the Japanese assault. In the process, he crossed enemy lines to replenish ammunition, he repaired artillery, and he went several days and nights without food or sleep to lead his troops. He led his troops to victory. Sergeant Basilone’s unprecedented heroics in the Pacific theater during World War II have become part of the Marine Corps lore, and for his brave service, we worked together a few years back to immortalize John Basilone with a postage stamp. How fitting, today, we want to name a post office after him. Thanks to the campaign that spread through the ItalianAmerican clubs and veterans halls nationwide, the United States Postal Service’s Distinguished Marines stamp series included John Basilone, beginning in 2005. He embodied the best we could hope for in a servicemember and was a true New Jersey guy: a scrappy fighter who always wanted to be on the front lines. After his first tour, the Marine Corps offered to commission him as an officer, but Basilone responded: I ain’t no officer. I ain’t no museum piece. I belong back with my outfit. He opted to return to the front lines rather than ride out the war helping promote war bonds here at home. Tragically, Sergeant John Basilone died when he returned to the front lines while fighting at Iwo Jima, 27 years old. He earned the Congressional Medal of Honor, the Navy Cross, the Purple Heart, and the deep appreciation of a grateful nation. John Basilone’s story was brought to life to the masses in the 2010 award winning HBO miniseries ‘‘The Pacific.’’ Montclair State University has a Basilone dormitory, and just last year, the U.S. Navy commissioned a destroyer as the USS Basilone. I marched in that parade several years ago. I know that the people of Raritan, New Jersey, have never forgotten their favorite son, and they will be honored to have a Basilone Post Office. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Italian American Congressional Delegation, I thank my colleague LEONARD LANCE  for introducing this measure, and I encourage my colleagues and all Americans to learn about the storied history of Sergeant Basilone. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2815. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
RUTLEDGE PEARSON POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3638) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1100 Kings Road in Jacksonville, Florida, as the ‘‘Rutledge Pearson Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3638 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3638, introduced by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. LAWSON ). The bill names the United States Post Office at 1100 Kings Road in Jacksonville, Florida, after Rutledge Pearson. Rutledge Pearson was an educator and instrumental leader in the civil rights movement. He is remembered for his ability to attract young people to the fight for civil rights. Tragically, he was killed in a car accident in 1967. Today, we honor his legacy and service to his community in Jacksonville. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 3638, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Post Office located at 1100 Kings Road in Jacksonville, Florida, as the Rutledge Pearson Post Office Building. Born in 1929, Rutledge Pearson graduated from New Stanton High School in 1947, before attending Tillatson College on a baseball scholarship. Following his graduation, he began playing for the Negro League’s Birmingham Black Barons, but because of his race, the Jacksonville Beach Seabirds refused to allow Mr. Pearson to play on their team, deciding they would rather close the park. His rejection, however, inspired him, and he went on to become an influential member of Jacksonville’s education system and civil rights movements. He served at every level in the NAACP, and he continued to energize and inspire young people around his community, as he did in the classroom every day. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation to honor Mr. Rutledge Pearson. I urge the passage of H.R. 3638, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. LAWSON ). b1500 Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to stand before you today as we move to honor the legacy of Rutledge Pearson by naming the Jacksonville Post Office in his honor. He was a tremendous leader. Rutledge Pearson was a civil rights leader, an American history teacher, and a distinguished baseball player. His legacy in Jacksonville, and especially for civil rights, is long lasting, and this is the fitting way to honor his contribution to our community. As a young man, Rutledge Pearson had a successful baseball career, as we heard from the Congressman, with the Birmingham Black Barons of the Negro League. His talent granted him the opportunity to play major league baseball in his hometown. However, as we heard earlier, because of his race, the Jacksonville Beach Seabirds rejected Pearson from joining the team. In fact, park officials, as was stated also earlier, said that they would rather close the park than to have this outstanding hero, baseball player, and educator play in his hometown. This experience prepared Pearson to pursue a career in education, and, like most of us, when you pursue a career in education, you break down a lot of barriers. Rutledge Pearson was elected president of the Jacksonville branch of the NAACP and was later elected to be president of the Florida State Conference of the NAACP. He was known for his ability to attract young people, which all of us do today, to get young people involved in the NAACP and many community organizations. Pearson was instrumental as a leader in the fight for civil rights. Little did I know that I would be on the floor speaking for this great person whom I learned about many years ago in a history class. Pearson was instrumental in all of his efforts, especially locally and nationally, helping change Jacksonville’s culture as it is today in its landscape. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for the time, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote to honor Rutledge Pearson for his contribution to the city of Jacksonville and to our Nation. Also, little did I know, in 1970, that I would be sitting in a class in college with Rutledge Pearson’s niece. It is so exciting to have Congress honor this great leader among people throughout the State of Florida. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3638. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
BORINQUENEERS POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4042) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kissimmee, Florida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4042 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
be a reference to the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4042 introduced by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO). The bill names the United States Post Office at 1415 West Oak Street in Kissimmee, Florida, after the Borinqueneers. H.R. 4042 honors the 65th Infantry Regiment of the U.S. Army known as the Borinqueneers. Congress created a special unit of Puerto Rican soldiers shortly after Puerto Rico became part of the United States in 1898. Despite years of segregation and discrimination, the Borinqueneers served admirably in World War I, World War II, and the Korean war. We owe a great debt to the many soldiers who served in this unit and fought to defend our freedom. In April 2016, the Borinqueneers were awarded the Congressional Gold Medal by the leaders of the United States House and Senate. We honor their service and sacrifice to the country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues, particularly my colleague from central Florida, in consideration of H.R. 4042, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Post Office located in Kissimmee, Florida, as the Borinqueneers Post Office Building. Originating in 1899, as part of the Puerto Rican Regiment of the Volunteer Army, the 65th Regiment became a part of the U.S. Army in 1908. The unit distinguished itself throughout Europe in World War II. The 65th Regiment rapidly gained a reputation as one of the bravest and most reliable regiments and, by November 1950, had become the leading regiment by the 3rd Infantry Division. In June of 2014, the Borinqueneers became just the second Hispanic Americans to be awarded the Congressional Gold Medal, as they were honored for the bravery and distinguished service for which they broke down racial barriers in defense of our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to cosponsor this bill, and I look forward to passing this legislation in honor of the 65th Regiment for their service, their sacrifice, and lasting contributions to our country. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 4042, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to make the gentlewoman from Florida aware that I have no further speakers and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO). Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the bill, H.R. 4042. I would like to thank the gentleman from Montana and my colleague, the gentlewoman from Orlando, Florida, for their kind and historic words. This bill would name the United States Post Office at 1415 West Oak Street in Kissimmee, Florida, after the 65th Infantry, also known as the Borinqueneers, named after the indigenous Taino word for Puerto Rico, ‘‘Borinquen,’’ which means, ‘‘the land of the brave Lord,’’ where the name of the Borinqueneers was derived from. This was a segregated unit, one of only a few that we have in history, much like the heralded Tuskegee Airmen, and they fought for our country bravely even while facing discrimination and segregation. They quickly gained a welldeserved reputation as one of the 3rd Infantry’s most reliable units. Their bravery inspired General Douglas MacArthur, then the Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers, to write: ‘‘The Puerto Ricans forming the ranks of the gallant 65th Infantry give daily proof on the battlefields of Korea of their courage, determination and resolute will to victory, their invincible loyalty to the United States and their fervent devotion to those immutable principles of human relations which the Americans of the continent and Puerto Rico have in common. They are writing a brilliant record of heroism in battle, and I am indeed proud to have to have them under my command. I wish that we could count on many more like them.’’ I had the opportunity a couple of months ago to go to the demilitarized zone in Korea, and I thought, as I saw those hills and those mountains that were filled with trees and with forests again, about the stark difference that some of my constituents, whom I have gotten to speak with personally, saw there in Korea. There was nothing left but muddy, cold hills, freezing temperatures. These folks, who lived their whole lives on an island in the Caribbean, were surrounded by both the Chinese and Korean Armies. And to talk with some of our local veterans like Luis Pastrana and Lou Boria—who actually lives in Congresswoman DEMINGS ’ district in Apopka—about how different what they faced that day is compared to the semiserene DMZ now. Obviously, we face other threats there. It reminded me of just how far they had gone and what they did, literally crossing the globe to make sure that our country was safe. As the gentleman from Montana and the gentlewoman from Florida mentioned, we ultimately recognized that valor and the fact that they fought so bravely, even in the face of discrimination, on June 10, 2014—the Congressional Gold Medal, becoming the second Hispanic set of Americans here after Roberto Clemente received this award. Many folks who were born and raised on the island and served in Korea, in World War II, and ultimately in Vietnam after the unit was desegregated, now live in Kissimmee, Florida, and in central Florida, and are represented by many of us, including Congresswoman DEMINGS . This is a very important place to recognize a group of heroes who defied expectations and really cemented a legacy of heroism that all Americans can be proud of. I want to thank the members of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for passing this bill favorably with unanimous consent, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4042. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
DR. WALTER S. M CAFEE POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3655) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. Walter S. MCAFEEPost Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3655 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DR. WALTER S. MCAFEE POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3655, introduced by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). The bill names the United States Post Office at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, after Dr. Walter S. McAfee. Dr. Walter McAfee was a scientist, educator, and adviser to the U.S. Army CommunicationsElectronics Command. He is credited as the first person to calculate the speed of the Moon. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Montana, for yielding and for the support that he and the ranking member provided for this important legislation. It is an honor to bring H.R. 3655 to the House today to designate the facility of the U.S. Postal Service located at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the Dr. Walter S. McAfee Post Office Building. Dr. Walter McAfee was a scientist, educator, and adviser to the U.S. Army CommunicationsElectronics Command and the Fort Monmouth community. Mr. Speaker, I reached out to the leaders of the Information Age Learning Center, also known as InfoAge, several months ago and asked them if they could recommend a member of their community who they believed ought to be honored in this way, and they recommended Dr. McAfee. As some of you may know, InfoAge has been the leading organization preserving scientific history, innovation, and communications located at the former Army camp, Camp Evans, and subpost of Fort Monmouth. Dr. McAfee was instrumental in the success of Project Diana, an effort by scientists at Camp Evans that pierced the Earth’s outer atmosphere with high frequency signals, in other words, radar. It was his mathematical calculations that enabled the team to bounce the first radio signals off the Moon’s surface. Without the success of his calculations that allowed for communication to occur between Earth and space, the achievements of launching the satellites into space or sending a man to the Moon would have not been possible. It is the achievement of this extraordinary man that actually helped launch us into the space age. During his time at Fort Monmouth, Dr. McAfee also developed sensors which were used to detect and track enemy movements during the Vietnam war. He served as director of a NATO study on surveillance and target acquisition, highpriority technologies, during the Cold War. Dr. McAfee was the first African American to be promoted to GS–16, a supergrade civilian position in the U.S. Army Materiel Command, AMC, and to be inducted into the AMC Hall of Fame. Throughout his lifetime, his achievements were recognized through dozens of awards and honors that he received for his contribution to science and to the defense of the United States and our allies. b1515 He was known for his love of learning, his high ethical standards, and great sense of humor. He passed away in 1995 in Belmar, New Jersey. He and his wife, Viola, were married for close to 54 years and are survived by their daughters, Diane Mercedes McAfee and Marsha Bera Morris. I thank my colleagues for their anticipated support for this legislation. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 3655, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the Dr. Walter S. McAfee Post Office Building. Dr. McAfee was born in Texas in 1914 and earned degrees in mathematics and physics before receiving a Ph.D. in nuclear physics from Cornell University in 1949. You have already heard that Dr. McAfee launched this country into the space age. Dr. McAfee also made important contributions, as you have heard, to this country as an adviser to the U.S. Army during the Vietnam war. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate the illustrious career of Dr. McAfee and the legacy he leaves behind through his impressive scientific accomplishments. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of H.R. 3655. I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3655. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
JAMES C. ‘‘BILLY’’ JOHNSON POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4285) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jersey, as the ‘‘James C. ‘Billy’ Johnson Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4285 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JAMES C. ‘‘BILLY’’ JOHNSON POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4285, introduced by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LOBIONDO ). The bill names the United States post office building at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jersey, after James C. ‘‘Billy’’ Johnson. Billy Johnson joined the United States Army in 1941 as a private and was later commissioned as an officer. Second Lieutenant Johnson was killed in action in 1944. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LOBIONDO ), who is the sponsor of the bill. 
Mr. L OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Montana for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring H.R. 4285, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jersey, as the James C. ‘‘Billy’’ Johnson Post Office Building, to the floor for consideration. Second Lieutenant Johnson was born and raised in my district in Richwood, New Jersey, in 1920. Due to his strong desire to serve his country, Billy enlisted as a private in the United States Army in 1941. He was later commissioned as an officer. He was assigned to the 370th Infantry Regiment, 92nd Division during the height of the Italian Campaign in World War II. Second Lieutenant Johnson made the ultimate sacrifice for his country when he was tragically killed in action in October of 1944. It is because of his steadfast commitment to his country, along with his valor and dedication to his country, that I support the naming of this post office after Second Lieutenant Johnson. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this legislation. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 4285, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located in Mullica Hill, New Jersey, as the James C. ‘‘Billy’’ Johnson Post Office Building. You have heard he was a native of Richwood, New Jersey. He attended elementary school at Mullica Hill and graduated from Glassboro High School before attending Benedict College. In 1941, he began his military service in the United States Army. You have heard he was assigned to the Canon Company, the 370th Infantry Regiment, 92nd Division. Regretfully, he made the ultimate sacrifice in 1944, when he was tragically killed. But his legacy lives on. He serves as an inspiration to those who have benefited from his sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate the sacrifice that Second Lieutenant Johnson made to his country. I urge the passage of H.R. 4285. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4285. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
CONDEMNING THE PERSECUTION OF CHRISTIANS AROUND THE WORLD Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 407) condemning the persecution of Christians around the world, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
California (Mr. R OYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material in the RECORD on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me begin here by thanking the gentleman from Wisconsin, Representative GLENN  GROTHMAN , for his work on this resolution. As many in our country are preparing to celebrate this season of peace and joy, thousands of Christian believers around the world are marking the holiday in a much more somber way. They are marking this holiday under a threat of persecution and under a threat of violence. Pope Francis has said: ‘‘When we read the history of the first centuries, we read of so much cruelty toward Christians. I tell you: There is the same cruelty today, and to a greater extent.’’ Those were his words. According to research, Christians today are more targeted for attack than any other body of believers. While about 30 percent of the world’s population identifies as Christian, 80 percent of all reported acts of religious persecution right now are directed at Christians. Open Doors charity reports that, each month, around the world, 300 Christians are murdered—this would be for their faith—and more than 200 churches and properties are destroyed. This is each month. Over 770 acts of violence are committed against Christians, including beatings, abductions, rapes, arrests, and forced marriages. For example, across the Middle East there are historic Christian communities that are only one or two generations away from extinction. These were the indigenous people to this region. In Iraq, there are now fewer than 250,000 Christians remaining of a community that once had more than 1.4 million believers. Last Congress, the House took the lead in declaring the violence against Christians committed by ISIS in Iraq and Syria as genocide. Since then, Congress has pushed hard to make sure that these vulnerable communities are protected and receive the assistance that they need. I have visited these communities up in northern Iraq, and I can attest to the amount of persecution that they have been through. Of course, our brave men and women in uniform deserve our praise for leading the fight to destroy ISIS, the so called caliphate, allowing for the safe return of Christians and other religious minorities in the region. We are blessed to live in this country free to enjoy our religious festivals in peace and security. We must not turn a blind eye to the atrocities happening elsewhere in the world. With passage of this measure, we acknowledge the disturbing rise in persecution of Christians around this globe and recommit our Nation to support the religious freedom of all people. We also call on other world leaders to end persecution of Christians and other religious minorities that are also persecuted at the national, local government, and community level. This includes persecution, of course, by violent nonstate actors like terrorist groups Boko Haram and ISIS. With this call to action, we work to advance our Nation’s historic goal to promote ‘‘peace on Earth and goodwill toward men.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. I want to thank Mr. GROTHMAN from Wisconsin for authoring this resolution. I also thank my good friend and the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, EDROYCE , for his leadership as always. Mr. Speaker, freedom of worship is a basic human right, yet we see religious minorities all over the world subjected to persecution and violence. In Iraq and Syria, ISIS has forced Christians in Mosul to convert to Islam, to pay a protection tax, and to flee or face execution. ISIS has carried out genocide against the Yazidis, the Christians, and the Shias. In Europe, we see synagogues firebombed and a surge of antiSemitism across the continent. In Burma, we see government security forces engaged in ethnic cleansing against the Rohingya. b1530 Freedom of religion has been a bedrock principle of open and democratic societies for centuries. It is enshrined in our founding documents, in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and in charters of democracies all over the world. The freedom to worship as a person chooses or not to worship at all is a broad right that should not be restrained by a government or a fanatical group. Religious persecution holds societies back, undercuts progress, and is usually associated with a much broader assault on basic human rights. Here in the United States, we must make it clear that it is not enough to just guarantee religious liberty to our own people. We must speak out and act when we see this freedom, this liberty, and any other freedom under attack anywhere and hold accountable those responsible for human rights abuses. In places like China, we see freedom of speech under attack. In Chechnya, we see LGBT individuals targeted, tortured, and executed by Putin’s cronies just for whom they love. We see women’s reproductive rights under attack. We must also speak out against attacks on our press, on our right to organize, on equality for LGBT persons, and on women’s right to control their own bodies. This legislation helps us send a clear message that protecting all human rights is a priority for the United States. Finally, Mr. Speaker, we all know that America’s first immigrants came here because they were fleeing religious persecution in their home countries. It would be hypocritical of us to condemn currentday religious persecution around the world and then to slam our doors shut in the face of those trying to flee such persecution. America must remain a place where those facing persecution or death can find refuge. Mr. Speaker, I support this measure and urge my colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ), the author of this resolution. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my resolution, H. Res. 407, condemning the persecution of Christians around the world. The persecution of Christians is a global human rights problem that Congress needs to address. According to Open Doors’ 2017 World Watch List, approximately 1 in 12 Christians around the world is experiencing persecution for their faith. North Korea, which is one of the world’s most repressive regimes, is a serious violator of international religious Christian rights, which is not surprising, given it is a communist country. Communist countries throughout history have done what they can to suppress and destroy Christians. Human rights groups have reported that members of underground churches in North Korea have been arrested, beaten, tortured, or killed. In another communist country, China, religious groups, including Christians, are required to register with the government. Those that do not face imprisonment and torture. In 2016, 232 Protestants were imprisoned for their religious activities. As part of the country’s anticross campaign, some 2,000 crosses and buildings have been demolished since 2014, according to State Department estimates. In the Middle East, the Islamic State and other jihadist militant groups have forced Christians in Iraq, Syria, Libya, and other countries in the region to flee or risk enslavement, execution, or death. Since the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003, the number of Christians in Iraq has plunged from 1.5 million to just a couple hundred thousand. In Libya, ISIS and other extremist groups have gained a stronghold in the country since the fall of Qadhafi. 
Not only Christian lives, but also Christian holy sites have been destroyed by the Islamic State. And not only Christians, but anyone who opposed their ruthless war on peace. In many places, Christians must practice their faith in secrecy because churches are not allowed, and makeshift churches in homes are raided. A loud example of this persecution is aimed at the Coptic Christians in Egypt that have faced persecution for over 50 years, and on April 9, 2017, Palm Sunday, 44 people were killed in bomb attacks by the Islamic State on Coptic churches. The Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the attack on a bus on May 26, 2017, in which 29 Coptic Christians were killed while traveling to a monastery in Minya, Egypt; This important resolution describes numerous instances where Christians have been attacked by terrorist groups, groups that hide behind religion as a pretext to destroy minority groups and to recklessly and harmfully seek power. Religious minority persecution has been on the rise in Asia, primarily due to religious nationalism. Recently, in Bangladesh, hundreds of Christians are being forced off their property, and legal action rarely results in the favor of a Christian party. In Burma/Myanmar, since late August 2017, more than 645 thousand ethnic Rohingya have fled a campaign of ethnic cleansing by Burma’s security forces and sought asylum in Bangladesh. The Rohingya massacre is another example of religious minority persecution, overlooked and disregarded by a government that, as some may surmise, values power over people. Not surprisingly, Christians and other dissidents of the government in North Korea are forced into harsh labor camps, where approximately 70,000 Christians are imprisoned in 2017. All that is to say that religious discrimination is a global human rights problem and the right to religious freedom is a universal right recognized by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. In the 114th Congress, I introduced and continue to support legislation by my colleagues that seek to protect religious freedom and democracy which are the very bedrock of the United States Constitution. Fighting for human rights across the globe is one of my passions and I have sought to promote and protect religious freedom such as H. Res. 290, a resolution I introduced in the last Congress condemning blasphemy laws that serve as a pretext to persecute religious minorities; that resolution was cosponsored by our former colleague, Joseph Pitts of Pennsylvania. Within the context of H. Res. 407 and other legislation addressing human rights, some of the issues we continue to grapple with include: Expanding the Country of Particular Concern (CPC) list to include more countries who have not improved in their treatment of religious minorities or upholding religious freedoms; The need for an Annual Countries of Particular Concerns Designations; Double hatting of sanctions and indefinite waivers; The need to designate nonstate actors as violators of religious freedom; Prosecuting Islamic state militants; and The need to have a high functioning Department of State with appropriate leadership for both senior and junior staff, and sufficient funding. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 407, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REAFFIRMING A STRONG COMMITMENT TO THE UNITED STATES MEXICO PARTNERSHIP Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 336) reaffirming a strong commitment to the United StatesMexico partnership. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. ENGEL . This is his bill. Let me also say that the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, MIKE MCCAUL, who was his primary cosponsor for this, has worked hard on this resolution. It represents a broad, bipartisan acknowledgment of the importance of the relationship between the United States of America and the country of Mexico. The United States and Mexico share strong ties. Passage of this resolution will signal this body’s commitment to strengthening our bilateral relationship with Mexico, a relationship that impacts Americans on a daily basis. 
Today, the United States is grappling with challenges, just as Mexico is grappling with some challenges. We have a deadly drug crisis where more than 1,000 people a week die from opioidrelated overdoses. This is a crisis that started with overprescribed pain medication here in the United States but is now fueled by heroin and fentanyl supplied by drug cartels. We have got to strengthen our partnership with Mexico and continue working with Mexican security forces to stem the tide of these illegal drugs entering into our communities and to harden our shared border against terrorism and criminality. This resolution also affirms the strong commercial relationship between our two countries. Mexico was the second largest export market for U.S. goods last year. It affirms our long history of cooperation on environmental and natural resource issues. For example, this past September, our two countries signed an agreement to improve reservoir levels in Lake Mead and in the Colorado River Basin that will help prevent water shortages currently affecting Americans in the Southwest United States. b1545 There are, of course, areas that I think we can improve the U.S.Mexico relationship. Mexico needs to do more to combat the corruption that has taken its toll on its citizens’ trust. But this resolution comes at an important time in the U.S. with our relationship with Mexico and should signal to the people of Mexico that the people of the United States want to continue to work with Mexico on matters of mutual concern, from security to combating the illegal drug trade, to strengthening our respective economies. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I thank our chairman, EDROYCE , for working with me to bring this measure to the floor, and I thank Congressman MCCAUL, the lead Republican sponsor of this resolution, as well. I am pleased to be the lead sponsor on this resolution. After more than a decade of good progress in the U.S.Mexico partnership, this year we have seen some things change course in a troubling way. It is a problem, and it needs to be stopped. That is why I offer this measure reaffirming our strong commitment to our relationship with Mexico. We don’t want anyone there to have any kinds of questions. We believe in a strong U.S.Mexico relationship. Mr. Speaker, I also thank our ranking member on the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee, Mr. SIRES, and Mr. CASTRO for their efforts on this resolution and their support day in and day out for a robust U.S.Mexico partnership. Mr. Speaker, it is hard to overstate how important the U.S.Mexico relationship is and the tremendous impact it has on Americans every single day. Mexico is a friend and ally. Mexico is our third largest trading partner. It is a country with which we share deep persontoperson, family, and cultural ties, and it is a country where we have painstakingly cultivated a vibrant, critical relationship between our two countries. Over the past century, there have been many highs and lows in the U.S. Mexico relationship. Unfortunately, sometimes, recently, we have had a lot of lows with talk about building walls and other derogatory talk about Mexicans. We don’t want that to continue. We want to establish and reaffirm the strong U.S.Mexico relationship. In 2007, I became chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. That was the same day that the Merida Initiative was announced by Presidents Bush and Calderon, which led to a new level of security cooperation between the United States and Mexico. That effort wasn’t perfect then and it isn’t today. The civilian toll of Mexico’s drug war is still far too high, and human rights violations at the federal, state, and local level in Mexico remain a serious problem. But what we gained from the Merida Initiative was an entirely new way of collaborating with the Mexican Government on a wide range of security issues. Presidents Obama and Pena Nieto built on Merida’s foundation, and one of the results was a remarkable achievement in the last hours of the Obama administration, which was the extradition of drug kingpin ‘‘El Chapo’’ Guzman to my hometown of New York City to stand trial. Without a strong U.S.Mexico partnership, that would not have been possible. A decade ago, it probably would not have happened at all. And while we absolutely don’t need to waste billions of taxpayer dollars on a 2,000milelong wall against our southern border, what we do need is to maintain our partnership on security matters with the Mexican Government. We want the Mexican Government to continue to reach out to us with information regarding suspected terrorists. We want to say that the Mexican Government will cooperate with us and extradite the next drug kingpin to the United States, and it goes on and on. So we cannot overemphasize just how important the U.S.Mexico partnership is and how it keeps Americans safe on a daytoday basis. H. Res. 336 underscores the importance of a U.S.Mexico relationship built on mutual respect. Mutual respect means building bridges, not walls, between our two countries; it means recognizing the vast contributions of Mexican Americans to our country and not classifying an entire population as drug dealers and rapists; it means not singling out an esteemed judge based solely on his race. Congress has an important opportunity today to be the adult in the room and let the Mexican Government and the Mexican people know that our relationship with them is very, very important and will continue to be important. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure. I am pleased that we have support for this on both sides of the aisle. I thank Chairman ROYCE , as always, for his cooperation and his partnership, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ), my good friend and colleague on the Foreign Affairs Committee, and a very valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 336, which reaffirms our strong commitment to the United StatesMexico partnership. Mexico is our neighbor and one of our most important strategic allies. Under NAFTA and the Merida Initiative, our countries have expanded our economic and security cooperation in ways that involve almost every aspect of our lives. Our work with Mexico goes beyond the Federal Government. It is in our State and local governments. It is in our businesses and in our churches. H. Res. 336 holds up the idea that working with Mexico has been good for our security and our economy. No one is saying that our relationship is perfect. We still have real security problems to address, especially the smuggling of guns, drugs, and money across our borders, and we need to do more— a lot more—to lift up those communities that have not benefited from NAFTA; but, on the whole, we are better off when we work together. Working together is what makes it possible to have those tough conversations about those issues where we disagree, so we shouldn’t even need to pass a resolution like this. It should be assumed. It should be common sense. But the rhetoric across this administration has made it necessary for Congress to speak out in defense of our neighbor and our ally, and we are here today speaking out. I thank Representative ENGEL and Representative MCCAULfor their leadership, and I thank Chairman ROYCE  for his ongoing work in bringing this resolution forward and ongoing work in the committee to ensure that we work on a bipartisan level. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, let me close on a positive note. I believe that it is not too 
late to reverse course on this latest direction of U.S.Mexico ties. At a difficult moment in our bilateral relationship, I am heartened to stand here on the House floor and listen to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle offer such robust support for the U.S. Mexico relationship. I again thank Chairman ROYCE and Mr. MCCAULfor their help and support of this resolution. What we need is to maintain and even strengthen our cooperation on security and economic matters with the Mexican Government. Passage of H. Res. 336 today is an excellent step. Congress really needs to lead the way. So I thank, again, my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting this resolution, and I pledge to do everything I can to continue to enhance the very important U.S.Mexico relationship. I think it is important to state that this relationship is not only important to Mexico, but it is important to the United States for so many different reasons. That is why I think it is important for Congress to reaffirm its support, strong support, for the U.S. Mexico relationship. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the author, the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. ENGEL , and I thank Congresswoman NORMA TORRES , as well, and the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, MIKE MCCAUL, for their work on this important resolution recognizing the U.S. Mexico partnership and recognizing our important economic relationship. As our countries continue to work together, this resolution signals our commitment to strengthen our ties with our Mexican neighbors. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 336. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to recognize the leadership of Mr. DUNCAN , who, until recently, served as the chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee, and Mr. GREGORY MEEKS , the ranking member, in bringing this important resolution forward. I also want to recognize Mr. HUIZENGA , chairman of the Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments Subcommittee of the Financial Services Committee, who led the delegation this past fall with the CanadaUnited States InterParliamentary Group in Windsor, Canada. This resolution affirms the already strong partnership we enjoy with our neighbors to the north, while recognizing that this bilateral relationship has advanced U.S. national interests. Canada and the U.S. share the longest international border of any countries in the world. Canada is one of the largest trading partners with the U.S., and our largest agricultural export market. U.S. exports of goods and services to Canada supported 1.6 million jobs in the United States last year. In addition, the U.S. and Canada enjoy a very close and vital security 
relationship, which is seen most acutely in our close border security collaboration, as well as in defense arrangements such as NORAD and our shared NATO mutual security commitments. Our two countries have an exceptionally close energy relationship. Canada is our largest supplier of oil, natural gas, electricity, and uranium. Our two countries collaborate on environmental concerns, particularly with our shared responsibility for the Great Lakes, which are the world’s largest freshwater ecosystem and contain 20 percent of the Earth’s surface freshwater. This relationship gives Congress the opportunity to reaffirm, through this resolution, our important and close bilateral ties with Canada and to renew our commitment to growing and improving that relationship to the benefit of both countries. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, December 8, 2017. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to forgo a sequential referral request on House Resolution 357, Reaffirming the strategic partnership between the United States and Canada, so that the resolution may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I will seek to place our letters on H. Res. 357 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, December 11, 2017. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE :, I am writing with respect to H. Res. 357, reaffirming the strategic partnership between the United States and Canada, on which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional referral. As a result of your having consulted with us on H. Res 357, I agree to waive formal consideration of this resolution so that it may move expeditiously to the floor. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the resolution or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H. Res 357. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I want to, first of all, thank the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DUNCAN ), who, until recently, was the chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee. We will have him back on the committee any time he wants to come. I thank him for authorizing this resolution reaffirming the importance of the strategic partnership between the United States and Canada. I also appreciate the efforts of my good friend Mr. MEEKS as the lead Democratic sponsor, and again, I thank Chairman ROYCE for working to bring this measure to the House floor. b1600 It is only appropriate, after spending time on the House floor discussing the importance of the U.S. relationship of our neighbor to the South, that we also focus on the strategic partnership between the United States and our neighbor to the North, which, of course, is Canada. Canada is our second largest trading partner. Interesting, Canada is our second largest trading partner—and Mexico is our third largest trading partner—with about $1.7 billion in goods and services and 400,000 citizens in both countries crossing the border on a daily basis. Think about that, 400,000 citizens from both countries cross the U.S.Canadian border on a daily basis. The preclearance process makes it easy for Americans traveling to Canada to clear U.S. customs while at a number of airports in Canada and arrive back home almost as if they were on a domestic flight. Of course, our relationship goes far beyond commerce and tourism, and I am particularly pleased that H. Res. 357 takes note of the extensive cooperation between the United States and Canada at NATO. Canada has been and remains a key U.S. ally in several international conflicts around the world, including in Afghanistan, where Canada employed 2,800 troops to the NATOled International Security Assistance Force from 2006 to 2011. I also want to note the crucial role that Canada has played in holding Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro and his lackeys accountable through both multilateral action at the OAS—Organization of American States—and targeted sanctions. Most recently, I was very pleased that Canadian Foreign Minister Freeland hosted the Lima Group in Toronto in October. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, the U.S. Canada relationship needs to be rejuvenated, needs to not be taken for granted. We have to work at that over time, and I think it is important that we all work at that. As a global entity, the U.S.Canada relationship should be a relatively even one to manage. We don’t want to have jobs at risk by creating a trade war with Canada. Trade disputes between two big neighbors are normal. We should not be escalating manageable disagreements in a way that could hurt workers in both of our countries. So I believe that we should let all the leaders know that the House is leading the way, and we hope that everyone follows Congress’ lead today in affirming the importance of the U.S.Canada relationship. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DUNCAN ). He is the author of this resolution. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the Foreign Affairs Committee for helping move this resolution. Mr. Speaker, being the former chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I rise to encourage the passage of H. Res. 357 to reaffirm the strategic partnership between the United States and Canada. As my good friend and former United States Ambassador to Canada, David Wilkins taught me that Canada is one of our strongest allies and one of our largest and best trading partners, and we are dependent on cooperation between the nations to promote trade, security, and energy issues. It is imperative that we protect the close partnership with Canada and the interdependent North American energy market. Enforcing the strength of our relationship with Canada would expand the size of our energy market, create more jobs, reduce energy cost for consumers, and enhance North American energy security and interdependence. I remind the administration that energy issues should be a top priority in any NAFTA negotiation, as Canada is the largest supplier of energy to the United States. Now, this includes oil, uranium, natural gas, and electricity. We share the longest undefended border, the largest bilateral trading relationship, and one of the deepest security and energy partnerships in the world. Today, 32 States consider Canada their primary trading partner. The comprehensive trade and investment relationship, which the United States has with Canada, supports millions of jobs in goods and services on both sides of the border. The importance of this bilateral relationship is critical for both countries. Let me conclude by saying it is vital that we continue to look for ways to strengthen our relationship with Canada, and I hope that my colleagues will support this resolution to reaffirm the importance of U.S.Canada relations. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, let me say that this year marks the 150th anniversary of the Canadian Confederation. So it is appropriate that we are considering this important resolution on the House floor before 2017 comes to a close. As was said by all the other Members, the U.S. and Canada share so much more than just our extensive borders and daily commerce. We share peopletopeople ties that run generations deep and continue on a daily basis. Today, by passing H. Res. 357, Congress has an opportunity to show our commitment to and gratitude for the U.S.Canada relationship. We also have an opportunity to show the world how two nations can get along with miles and miles of continuous borders. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important resolution. I again thank Chairman ROYCE and the former chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee for their work. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to once again thank Representative DUNCAN and Mr. MEEKS and Mr. H UIZENGA and Mr. ENGEL for their commitment to the U.S.Canada relationship and for bringing this important resolution forward. This resolution affirms the already strong partnership that we enjoy with our neighbors to the North while recognizing that this bilateral relationship has advanced our national interests. In addition to working together on trade, on border security, on energy, Canada is also a valuable partner in security. As my colleagues know, Canada is a founding member of NATO and leads a NATO battalion in Latvia—I happen to have seen that battalion recently in Latvia—while maintaining 200 Canadian military trainers in Ukraine. Our shared values and proximity have rendered Canada one of our most important allies, and this resolution allows this body to stand together in affirming that relationship. I urge my colleagues to support this important resolution. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 357, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY  PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
b1634 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at 4 o’clock and 34 minutes p.m. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2396, PRIVACY NOTIFICATION TECHNICAL CLARIFICATION ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4015, CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REFORM AND TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2017 Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–462) on the resolution (H. Res. 657) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2396) to amend the GrammLeachBliley Act to update the exception for certain annual notices provided by financial institutions, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4015) to improve the quality of proxy advisory firms for the protection of investors and the U.S. economy, and in the public interest, by fostering accountability, transparency, responsiveness, and competition in the proxy advisory firm industry, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1638, IRANIAN LEADERSHIP ASSET TRANSPARENCY ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4324, STRENGTHENING OVERSIGHT OF IRAN’S ACCESS TO FINANCE ACT Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–463) on the resolution (H. Res. 658) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1638) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on the estimated total assets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4324) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to make certifications with respect to United States and foreign financial institutions’ aircraftrelated transactions involving Iran, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on Rollcall No. 674 and ‘‘Yea’’ on Rollcall No. 675. 
ISIS IN AFRICA (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as ISIS loses ground in Syria and Iraq, we must remain vigilant. There is a growing terrorist threat in Africa. Between January and September of 2016, the African continent suffered at least 1,426 incidents of terrorismrelated violence. Terrorism is a major challenge to peace, security, and development in Africa. Recently, the threat has grown to directly impact U.S. servicemembers serving in Africa. Last May, a Navy SEAL was killed in an operation against alQaida affiliate al Shabaab, the first U.S. servicemember killed in action in Somalia since the 1993 infamous Black Hawk Down incident. Last month, an ambush by Islamist militants in Niger left four U.S. Green Berets killed. Recently, the U.S. conducted its first airstrikes against ISIS in Somalia. Mr. Speaker, the writing is on the wall. The terrorist cancer in Africa is metastasizing. It is on its way to becoming a fullblown threat to African and American interests. Having been displaced by war in Syria and Iraq, ISIS is finding a new home in Africa to carry out its reign of terror, and we must be mindful and vigilant. And that is just the way it is. b1715 RECOGNIZING MONTEREY COUNTY AND SANTA CRUZ COUNTY FARM BUREAUS (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Farm Bureaus of Monterey County and Santa Cruz County. This year, those farm bureaus will mark 100 years of serving our agriculture communities across the central coast of California. We know that those in agriculture are consistently evolving as they constantly contend with Mother Nature, mandates, immigration, and the everchanging market. Fortunately, the local farm bureaus’ leadership and consultation has always been there to help our over 600 farmers stay competitive and keep our communities strong. The farm bureaus are an essential ingredient as to why our number one industry on the central coast is agriculture and why my home can claim the title of being the berry bowl and salad bowl of the world. I thank and recognize the Santa Cruz County and Monterey County Farm Bureaus for their past, present, and future work for our agriculture industry and for our communities that feed our families throughout our Nation and the world. f 
RECOGNIZING FORMER GEORGIA STATE REPRESENTATIVE JOHN YATES (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of former Georgia State Representative John Yates, who passed away on December 11 at the age of 96. Representing Griffin, Georgia, just south of Atlanta, he was first elected to the Georgia General Assembly in 1988, and over time became one of the most inspiring officials in the State. When he retired from government, Representative Yates was the only World War II veteran serving in the Georgia General Assembly. He was drafted into the Army in 1942, and flew a Piper Cub airplane, a small plane with a top speed of less than 100 miles an hour. He flew 200 missions adjusting artillery fire on the enemy, including at the Battle of the Bulge, earning six Air Medals and four battle stars. After the war, he went back to school to earn his college degree and embarked on a 35year journey with Ford Motor Company, eventually becoming a depot manager. Representative Yates served the State of Georgia with the most humble attitude and went to great lengths to help Georgia’s veterans. Anyone who was lucky enough to know Representative Yates could learn from his attitude, knowledge, and experience. Mr. Speaker, I had the honor and privilege of serving with Representative Yates. He was a great American, a true American hero, and a fine man. He will be missed. f 
CONDEMNING THE SLAVE TRADE IN LIBYA (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, by now, we have all seen the horrifying video of a slave auction in Libya. It is outrageous. Migrants and refugees, most of them Black Africans, are being preyed upon, held in detention camps, and bought and sold like property. Mr. Speaker, the United States cannot stand by as an idle spectator to the plague of slavery in Libya. People are not property. Last week, members of the Congressional Black Caucus and I met with Libya’s Ambassador. She agreed that the Libyan Government will conduct a transparent investigation, but they do not have the capacity to do so. That does not absolve the United States of its responsibilities. We must immediately investigate allegations of slavery and forced labor in Libya. We need to impose sanctions if Libya fails to end slave auctions and forced labor. We must ensure the U.S. Department of State and the U.S. Agency for International Development are adequately staffed to respond to the situation in Libya. Mr. Speaker, Congress should adopt the bipartisan H. Res. 644, which will do all these things and more. 
ATTACK ON RULE OF LAW AND DEMOCRATIC INSTITUTIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ARRINGTON ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I take the floor tonight, along with many of my colleagues, to fight back against an attack on the rule of law and our democratic institutions. Right now, the investigations into Donald Trump and the prior investigation into Hillary Clinton have been infected with the virus of severe bias. Hillary Clinton went under investigation for the mishandling of classified information and her dealings through the Clinton Foundation, which was essentially investigated by her own fan club. Meanwhile, Robert Mueller obtained his team by fishing in the never Trump aquarium. Only through the antidote of transparency can we end this erosion of the rule of law and restore the American people’s confidence in the institutions that we must trust to live in a civilized society. 
The people in this country have a right to know what has happened within the FBI, the Department of Justice, and within Robert Mueller’s team as he probes the President and his transition. But there is so much in hearing after hearing that members of the Judiciary Committee, the Intelligence Committee, and the Oversight Committee have been told we don’t have a right to know as the Representatives of the people. Let’s begin with the tarmac meeting between Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton. We as the American people apparently don’t have a right to know what was truly discussed. In information and reports that have been submitted to the Congress, there is extensive redacted information. So we don’t get to see the substance of those communications between Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton. It is deeply troubling. We also don’t get to know what the informant would tell us who had information about Russia’s attempts to impair the United States’ uranium assets through the now infamous Uranium One deal. We know that there was an informant. We now know that informant wanted to come forward and give information about bribery and kickbacks that undermine America’s interests. Unfortunately, people at the Justice Department who still remain in substantial positions of power went and sought a gag order so that the Congress wouldn’t learn what was happening and so the American people wouldn’t learn what was happening. Then we learn that an inspector general who wanted to raise the flag of concern regarding the deeply troubling conduct of Hillary Clinton was essentially shut down. Mr. McCullough has now given interviews upon his departure from the intelligence community indicating that he went to James Clapper. He said that these mishaps, these potential violations of law, were serious and that they put America’s national security in jeopardy. What he heard back from Mr. Clapper was that these revelations would create heartburn for the Clinton campaign. It is ludicrous, when we have got potential bribes and kickbacks, and we have got the Clinton Foundation functioning essentially as a passthrough money laundering operation, that we wouldn’t have all of the information that an inspector general would bring forward. Mr. McCullough gave interviews where now he said that his family, his job, his agency, his mission was threatened by people in the deep state. That is not the America we need to live in. Transparency is the antidote to this type of corruption and this type of truly intolerable conduct. Here is what we do know. We do know that the Democratic National Committee was off paying for a salacious and false dossier from the Fusion GPS company about the current President, Donald Trump. We don’t know whether or not the FBI contributed funds toward that cause. Think about that for a moment. When we asked the Attorney General and the FBI Director, were taxpayer funds used to go and obtain a dossier to discredit the President both before and after his election, we were told that we don’t have a right to know and that the taxpayers don’t have a right to know if their money was used in this way. It is troubling. We also know that Nellie Ohr, the wife of a top Department of Justice official, Bruce Ohr, was actually getting paid by Fusion GPS, the company that ultimately produced this false dossier. If that is not a conflict of interest, if that doesn’t impair the credibility of this investigation, I don’t know what does. We also don’t know who is in charge. We asked questions to the Attorney General regarding the nature of his recusal. Can the Attorney General appoint a second special counsel to evaluate the Clinton Foundation? We got contradictory answers. So as we prepare for the Deputy Attorney General Mr. Rosenstein’s testimony before the Judiciary Committee tomorrow, we don’t know if it is Mr. Rosenstein who can appoint a special counsel. We don’t know if it is the Attorney General who has the power to do that. We do know that the American people want it. Harvard University released a poll that said over 60 percent of the American people believe there should be a second special counsel to investigate Clinton and the Clinton Foundation, largely as a consequence of this intractable bias that we continue to see in the intelligence community. So let’s look at that bias as it is applied to Mr. Mueller and his team. We have no idea how Bob Mueller picked the members of his team. I asked FBI Director Christopher Ray: Did people get on the Mueller team because they hate President Trump? Was there any vetting? Was there any review? Did we look at political contributions, political activity or activism from these folks? The FBI Director would not answer my question. So here we are, unclear as to whether or not the standard to investigate the President was a preexisting bias against him. Mr. Speaker, I don’t believe that it is a coincidence that the Mueller team is populated by people who bring that bias with them and who seemingly have acted upon it. Mr. Weissmann, who is Mueller’s number two, attended Hillary Clinton’s election night party. Are you really telling me we couldn’t find a number two in the Mueller investigation who wasn’t at Hillary Clinton’s election night party? For goodness sake. We also know that Mr. Weissmann sent emails to Sally Yates, praising her for directly defying an order from the President. That should have disqualified Mr. Weissmann, but we don’t know if that was, in fact, the qualifying factor that led him to be on this team. Aaron Zebley is also a member of the Mueller team. He represented Justin Cooper, who set up the Hillary Clinton email server. Could we not have found people for the Mueller team who were not involved in setting up an email server for Hillary Clinton? He also used a hammer to smash BlackBerrys, destroying evidence. Mr. Zebley may be a witness, yet he is on the Mueller team. Jeannie Rhee. She defended the Clinton Foundation against FOIA requests and now is involved in persecuting the President. In fact, over half of the members of the Mueller team have financially contributed to the campaigns of Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton, or both, and none of them contributed to Donald Trump. I don’t think it is a coincidence. I think it is ridiculous that the Congress doesn’t have any information about how these people were selected, how they were vetted, how they were approved. But it is not just the Mueller team. It is also the Department of Justice. Bruce Ohr, the head of counter intelligence, meets with Christopher Steele, who is the author of the dossier during the campaign. Then after the campaign, he meets with Glenn Simpson. All the while, Bruce Ohr, working at the Department of Justice, has a spouse getting paid by the very people developing these lies about the President to discredit him. It is smoking gun evidence of bias and conflict of interest. But it is not just the Mueller team and the Department of Justice. It is also the FBI. Andrew McCabe is the current Deputy Director of the FBI. When he was the assistant agent in charge of the Washington field office, he was sending out emails just weeks before the 2016 election saying that the Hillary Clinton investigation would be given special status, that it would be handled by a small team at headquarters. What that means is that Hillary Clinton got different treatment than any other American who would have been charged with the mishandling of classified information in the Washington, D.C., area. Absolutely outrageous. That special treatment didn’t lead to a more rigorous review. We know now that James Comey was drafting the exoneration statement before even interviewing key witnesses, including Hillary Clinton herself. b1730 Then you have Peter Strzok, also at the FBI. Mr. Strzok has now been discredited and demoted because he was sending 10,000 text messages back and 
forth with his mistress about how much he loved Hillary Clinton and hated President Trump. I don’t think it is a coincidence that Mr. Strzok is the person who went in and changed the term ‘‘grossly negligent,’’ which is a crime, to ‘‘extremely careless,’’ in the exoneration statement about Hillary Clinton. The Attorney General needs to do his job. He needs to appoint a special counsel to investigate Hillary Clinton because she was never investigated in earnest in the first place. He needs to tell Robert Mueller to put up or shut up. If there is evidence of collusion, let us see it. We are almost a year into this investigation, and the only thing I see is a bias that continues to erode our institutions and our rule of law, and this Congress should stand for it no more. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ ), for bringing this issue to the floor. Mr. Speaker, this can all be cleared up, pretty quickly, with a little bit of transparency and with a little bit of sunlight. It comes down to the issue of: Do we have impartial justice in this country or don’t we? We are all familiar with Lady Justice. She has a blindfold over her eyes, she is holding the scale, and the scale is straight across. It is not leaning one way or the other. But, in this case, it seems—and I am going to say that kind of tongueincheek—it seems like it is, like the scale is not right across, Mr. Speaker. It is heavily on one side, and the other side is way up in the air. And let me just make a couple of points: Deputy Director McCabe refers to the Clinton email investigation as ‘‘special.’’ Why is it special? Where is it on that scale? Is it up high or is it down low? Why is it called special? Why did Secretary Clinton have a team from headquarters investigate her, as opposed to the Washington field office? Think about this: If the FBI called you, it wouldn’t be for a meeting or an interview. It would be called your deposition. You would sit there with your lawyer, and you would answer questions. And it wouldn’t be when it was convenient for you. It would be when it was convenient for the FBI. Secretary Clinton gets to have a meeting with the FBI for an interview on a Saturday morning of a holiday weekend. Now, contrast that on the scales of justice with Paul Manafort. Paul Manafort gets his home broken into in the middle of the night and dragged out of bed while he and his wife are sleeping. Something doesn’t seem right to me. You talk about the meeting on the tarmac. The FBI, in their emails, it was revealed that they wanted to get the agent that divulged the fact that that meeting occurred out on the tarmac. They weren’t interested in what the meeting was about just days before Secretary Clinton was going to be deposed before this House of Representatives and be questioned and interviewed about her role in Benghazi. Why does that happen? It seems like the scales of justice, once again, are tipped. Peter Strzok. He interviewed Heather Samuelson, Cheryl Mills, Bryan Pagliano, and Paul Combetta, and they all got immunity. They all got immunity. Who gives somebody immunity without anything in return? Okay, they got immunity. We get it. We want to know what was on the other side of that equation. I mean, this is not to apologize for, or to stick up for, Mike Flynn or for Paul Manafort. If they have committed crimes, that needs to be dealt with appropriately. Lying, period, is never appropriate. But they didn’t get this deal. These folks did get the deal. And, at the same time while they got the deal, we know via their email and interviews that they actually did lie to the FBI. Some of these folks lied to the FBI, yet Michael Flynn pleads guilty, and these guys and gals get immunity. Do the scales of justice, Mr. Speaker, seem like they are a little bit askew? Mr. Combetta—if that is how you pronounce his name—we know that he was out there searching for ways on the internet about how to scrub a computer. Nothing to see here, right? That seems a little odd, doesn’t it? Cheryl Mills, she got immunity, allegedly, to give up her laptop. So she got immunity; we got that. She can’t be prosecuted. We got the laptop. Shouldn’t the American people know what was on the laptop? Why is that information not available? Why is it that this Congress, this jurisdiction of oversight, as applied in the Constitution, has to beg and cajole the FBI and the Department of Justice to provide documents so that we can see what happened, so that we can know, so that the American people and their representatives can know how this dossier—if you want to call it that—was constructed and how it was used? Why must we beg for that information, and why can’t we get it? Mr. Speaker, this can all be cleared up; just provide the information. There doesn’t have to be another special prosecutor. Mr. Mueller can continue with his investigation and find the truth because we all want the truth. We want the truth that is impartial, not something that is fabricated because we now have an FBI that is pursuing individuals, as opposed to crimes. The American people need to know that this isn’t a tinhorn dictatorship and that we don’t have government officials using the power of the Federal Government to work against their political rivals. They need to know that they can trust their FBI, and right now it doesn’t seem like they can have confidence in that. It seems like if you are on the wrong side of the scale, Mr. Speaker, it is a bad day for you. But if you are connected and you have people working for you like—oh, I don’t know—Peter Strzok, Bruce Ohr, and his wife now, Andrew Weissmann, or Jeannie Rhee, I mean, as the days go on, we just keep on finding out more and more and more. And we don’t find it out because they are offering it. We find it out because we have to pull it from them and just beg them and require them to come in here and force the information out of them. That is not how this is supposed to work. We need to have confidence in our FBI, and we need to have confidence in our Department of Justice. American citizens need to have confidence in their judicial system to know that the blindfold is still on Lady Justice, that the scales are even, that we are all going to be treated evenly, and that crimes are going to be investigated, not individuals. And that there is not going to be some kind of a witch hunt or a lynch mob mentality at the Federal Government level against people with whom the political ruling class disagrees. If it requires another special counsel, so be it. If not, it would be great if we could just clear all of this up by providing the information that this House of Representatives and the American people demand. There is no reason to keep it. It is not classified; it is not sensitive. It is information that all of us need to know so we know how our Federal Government is operating and who is being truthful with us. And then we can have confidence in the fidelity of our FBI and our Department of Justice. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ ) for yielding. I am greatly honored to be here to participate in this important discussion. We all want transparency, and for that to be in our government is critical to all of us. I am honored to be on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee where this is part of the responsibilities entrusted to us. But after repeated scandals and misconduct, it is patently obvious to me that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton plays by her own rules, and simply does so because of her own status, her own positions of power and influence in the government, and has been in those roles for decades. She has been getting a free pass to follow or ignore the law as she chooses, whereas it seems, on the other hand, as has already been discussed this evening, President Trump and his administration seems to get a special counsel just for sneezing. It is insane what is going 
on, and we, as Americans, must prioritize equal justice under the law. Lady Justice must remain blind, and her scales must remain balanced. This is a fundamental principle for all of us as Americans—something we cherish and something we hold on to—and we are watching it change right before our eyes. It seems as though Lady Justice is peeking underneath that blindfold, and that is simply unacceptable. Mr. Speaker, I am honored that we are coming to draw attention to this horror and this change that is taking place. The principle of blind justice is one of the most basic fundamental principles that we have in this country, and without it we are watching individuals like Mrs. Clinton and her allies act above the law and get away with things they simply ought not be getting away with. And the truth is, a breach of justice for one is a breach of justice for all of us. Let me give you a quick example. Back in August of 2016, The New York Times reported on generous foreign donations to the Clinton Foundation, and this was done while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State. That, in itself, ought to raise some red flags, shouldn’t it? Foreign countries. And then we find out that many of these foreign countries had already tremendous human rights violations: Kuwait, for example, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and several others, just to name a few, yet they are giving tons of money to the Clinton Foundation, while she is Secretary of State. And then the Clintons say: Well, we were open; we disclosed all of the information about who was giving what. They tried to convince us that they went above and beyond to disclose their donors, but they did not do so. For example, we found they failed to disclose $2.35 million in donations from a family foundation that was linked to the mining company, Uranium One, which we happen to be talking about tonight. Well, who is Uranium One? Of course, we know by now that this is a company that was taken over by Russia’s stateowned nuclear energy firm, Rosatom, another decision that was signed off by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. The dots are pretty easy to start connecting. We, at least, have some red flags here. Furthermore, there was a whopping $145 million given to the Clinton Foundation by Uranium One’s owners. I don’t know about everyone else here, but I would certainly know it if I received over $100 million from Russian donors. Talk about Russian collusion. Shall we talk about it? Let’s have this discussion. That is the whole point of what we are talking about here this evening. I would also be very concerned that someone receiving this kind of money was free of bias or coercion when they are getting this type of money. But let me land the plane here. There is a fullfledged investigation going on here into President Trump’s interactions with Russia, but where is the investigation on Hillary Clinton’s activities with the Russians? The Obama administration attempted to sweep this situation under the rug. They let her off the hook. That is a disgrace. It is in complete disregard for our Nation’s laws. And, perhaps, that in itself ought to be something else that is looked into: the Obama administration’s role in all of this. I am grateful that Attorney General Sessions is taking these allegations seriously. I am hopeful that we can get to the bottom of this and ensure that justice is served. The FBI must investigate this thoroughly. We must have transparency to make sure that Hillary Clinton is held accountable and reaffirm that no one is above the law. Enough is enough. We have got to go into this further. Mr. Speaker, I thank the good gentleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ ) for his leadership on this. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JORDAN ). Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, did the Comey FBI and the Obama Justice Department coordinate with the Democratic Party to go after the Republican Party? Did the FBI and the Justice Department work hand in glove with the Clinton campaign to go after the Trump campaign? That is the fundamental question. That is the fundamental question. And think about what we have learned in the last several weeks: First, we learned that the DNC and the Clinton campaign paid for the dossier. The DNC and the Clinton campaign, which we now know are one and the same, paid for the dossier. They first paid their law firm, who then paid Fusion GPS, who then paid Christopher Steele, who then paid Russians. This is a great irony. We have Special Counsel Mueller investigating possible coordination between the Trump campaign and Russia to influence the 2016 Presidential election, yet we know, just as sure as I am standing on the House floor tonight, the Clinton campaign paid Russians to do what? Influence the 2016 Presidential election. They paid for the dossier. It has been reported—and I think it happened—but it has been reported the dossier became the basis to secure warrants at the FISA court. In other words, they took this dossier, this disproven dossier, fake news, National Enquirer, garbage dossier, they dressed it all up, they spruced it all up, they took it to the FISA court and then got a judge to say: Okay, that is enough to spy on Americans. That is what has been reported. And all of the evidence points to that actually taking place. So they used this dossier, this disproven dossier, to spy on Americans. And then what have we learned in just the past 5 days? b1745 Bruce Ohr, the Associate Deputy Attorney General; Bruce Ohr, four doors down from Mr. Rosenstein; Bruce Ohr, the top guy at the Justice Department, in 2016, during the campaign, is meeting with the guy who wrote the dossier, meeting with Christopher Steele. Bruce Ohr, the top guy at the Justice Department, the Associate Deputy Attorney General, and four doors down from Mr. Rosenstein is also meeting with Glenn Simpson, the guy who founded Fusion GPS, the people who paid for the dossier. So you have got Bruce Ohr, the top official at the Justice Department, hanging out with the guy who wrote and the guy who paid for the dossier during the campaign. Here is the kicker. I mean, you can’t make this stuff up. Here is the kicker. At the same time that Bruce Ohr is meeting with him, we learn that Bruce Ohr’s wife is being paid by Fusion GPS, working for the people who paid Christopher Steele to write the dossier that we believe was taken to the FISA court to secure warrants to spy on Americans associated with the Trump campaign. We know all that happened. That is all public. We know that is the truth. Now, what Mr. GAETZ is saying—and this is why I appreciate the work that Mr. GAETZ and my colleagues are doing on this—and what we are saying: Look, give us the documents. Answer our questions, for crying out loud. And if you won’t, then appoint a special counsel—a second special counsel so the American people can get the truth. Because if this, in fact, happened— and I think it did—where you had the Justice Department, the FBI working with one campaign to go after the other campaign, working with the Clinton campaign to go after President Trump’s campaign, then that is as wrong as it gets. That is something that should never take place in the United States of America. That is why this is so important. That is why the work that Congressman GAETZ and other colleagues are doing is so important. Again, if you are not going to do the job, Justice Department, at least appoint a second special counsel so we can get answers and we can hold people accountable who did this in this great country. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JORDAN ) for joining us on the floor this evening. I particularly thank him for his work in the Judiciary Committee and the Oversight Committee. The gentleman is correct. We just want our questions answered. We just want to know: Did these things occur that would seem to evidence collusion on the part of the Democratic Party and the Clinton campaign with Russians to influence the outcome of the election? 
But our own Justice Department and our own FBI won’t answer those questions. Tomorrow we have Mr. Rosenstein before the Judiciary Committee. I hope he does give us answers. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BIGGS), a fellow member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ ) for leading this Special Order tonight, and I am grateful for his work on this very important issue. Mr. Speaker, I will tell you that I am very appreciative of my colleagues who also continue to work on this very important task, because this reminds me of playing a basketball game where you get there and there is a fiveonfive game, except for it is not really five onfive because the other team has got the referees on their side, they have got the scorekeeper on their side, they have got the statistics on their side, they have got the person that runs the clock on their side. That is really what has happened here. We know that is what has happened here because of the conflict of interest and bias that has taken over and controls the Robert Mueller special investigations team. That is a team that is biased. He has got conflict of interest. Nobody is going to get a fair shake from that team. Why is that? Well, let’s just think about this. A couple of weeks ago, we had the FBI— excuse me—Attorney General Jeff Sessions come in. He is a great guy. I asked him specifically: Do you have any procedure to vet conflict of interest or bias on Mueller’s special team or in the Department of Justice? He said: No, we don’t. We don’t have that. He doesn’t have a question there. He doesn’t have a process. He says: It is up to each individual to determine if they have got that conflict of interest or bias. Well, we had Director Wray in last week. I asked him the same question. He said basically the same thing: No, we don’t have a process. Mueller doesn’t have a process. In fact, it is as if the process is you need to have a conflict or bias in order to get on Mueller’s special counsel team. That is what this is stacked up to be. Well, that is where we are today. And tomorrow, when Deputy Rosenstein comes in, I am looking forward to asking him the same questions because there is conflict and there is bias. My colleagues have all iterated that tonight. It just happens over and over and over again. To get on that team, you have to have a conflict or bias. Well, so what else is important? What else has come out of these hearings? Well, I tell you what else has come out. I said to Director Wray: Look, we know there is a problem here. Attorney General Sessions told us that the responsibility of the person involved is to make sure they don’t have a conflict. We know that there is a huge cloud that sits right there. Well, this is outrageous. No firm in the private sector would ever allow that to go on. But here we have this— it is like a drip, drip, drip from a faucet. Every day or two, here is another conflict of interest that comes out. Maybe Mr. Strzok, maybe Mr. Ohr, maybe Mr. Ohr’s wife, maybe Mr. Weissmann, maybe Mr. Zebley, maybe Mr. COOPER , maybe Jeannie Rhee. It just goes on and on. You know what? This is ridiculous. So I asked Director Wray: Look, you have got the inspector general looking at the Hillary Clinton investigation right now and all these other investigations. What will you do if he says there was irregularities in the Hillary Clinton investigation? He said: I would try to ‘‘unring the bell.’’ Think about that. He says he is willing to unring the bell. I asked him what he meant. So he talked about personnel decisions. Maybe someone needs to be let go, disciplined, retrained, whatever. Maybe they will come up with a process to vet conflicts of interest and bias investigations. But I pressed him a little bit harder. I asked him: When you get to unring the bell, if you have irregularities in the Hillary Clinton investigation, will you commit to reopen the investigation? Now, he didn’t commit, but he indicated very strongly he would reopen that Hillary Clinton investigation. That is what needs to happen now. We know that there were irregularities. We know that that is what the inspector general is going to find. And I tell you this: We have got to stop making this administration play a stacked team when the other team has nothing but biased and conflicted investigators who control the clock, who control the score, who control the statistics, who control the referees. That is what you have going on here, and it must stop, and it must stop now. With that in mind, if Attorney General Sessions, if Director Wray, and if Mr. Rosenstein do not provide the information Congress has asked, they should be held in contempt. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS) for his leadership on the Judiciary Committee. He is absolutely right. We have to get answers to these questions. And if we don’t, then Congress can never have confidence in the outcome of any investigation. And if we can’t have confidence, then our constituents, the American people, certainly can’t either. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ), another member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I do appreciate the concerns of my friends here in Congress because this is just incredible. You know, many of us have read, understood what happened during Watergate, and we thought surely there have been enough things put in as checks to prevent an administration from totally cooping the Department of Justice. No one President should be able to have an administration that is powerful enough that it could be a selfsustaining party where all of the powers, whether it is the IRS that has people in key places that prevent people from guilt giving, for example, proper tax status to opponents of an administration so that they stand a better chance of being defeated in running for a second election. It happened in the Obama administration. And to the great embarrassment or what should be embarrassment of the Obama administration, of the IRS, and of the United States Congress, nothing was done. It appears crimes were committed. Nothing was done. We are just aghast. How could this happen? Surely the DOJ would jump into the IRS and correct this and stop this so that the IRS could not be weaponized as a political tool. I mean, Nixon may have dreamed of that at some point, but we are not aware of it. I mean, it is just hard to believe that anybody would anticipate using the powers of government in such a flagrant form as we are finding out almost every day now. New allegations, not just—not allegations; new facts show that corruption and political animus and anything but justice was being conducted for a number of years in the Department of Justice. You know, as an assistant district attorney in east Texas, as a judge getting to know and hearing so many different Federal agents testify, most people felt like, gosh, if the FBI comes in, these are the guys in the white hats. But much of America has seen what can only be styled as real corruption that has turned those white hats into a stinking brown for some of the top people. We heard Christopher Wray, the FBI Director, saying: You know, I think of the FBI and I think about these thousands of great Federal agents across the country who care about their country and protecting people’s lives and protecting the law. Well, yeah, I think about that, too, until my mind comes back here to Washington, and not just a swamp, but areas that have become a cesspool. It is unbelievable to think—I mean, I saw ‘‘All the President’s Men’’ the other night about Watergate and Deep Throat. And as I watched, oh, my gosh, you mean somebody in the White House may have had contact with somebody that may have had funds that could be used? I mean, you look at what is coming out in the news every day and it makes that look like Keystone Cops—nothing compared to the extent that this administration used the Justice Department. 
And going back to the IRS, what did Rosenstein or all these other great Justice Department officials do for us in cleaning up the mess at the IRS? Nothing, nothing, nothing. What did Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch do to clean things up? Well, they just kept dumping more and more dirt in that washing machine. Just when you thought it couldn’t get any worse, then you find that a reporter sees the husband of someone being investigated in a clandestine meeting, in an area they thought nobody would notice. And what do they want to do at the Justice Department? We find out they want to go after that reporter. They want to go after that reporter because this reporter actually was reporting some things that might help get some things cleaned up. They say: We don’t want things cleaned up. We want to keep our little cesspool tight and friendly, where we know all the players and all the swamp rats. We have got to have a massive clean out of what has been happening, but it is not happening. b1800 Then we find out, gee, there was this investigation regarding Russia trying to violate the law, pay bribes, pay payoffs, anything they could do to corner the market on uranium and get United States uranium in their own control. And, gee, who ends up having their fingerprints on that? A guy named Rosenstein. In fact, then you see one of the people involved in the investigation of corruption and uranium and payoffs, well, there is Rod Rosenstein’s name. Now, he has an assistant sign for him asking the judge to seal the records so we can’t know exactly what all was done by the FBI. It is kind of like we find out there is someone, the undercover agent that the FBI was using, that the Justice Department was using, and they get an agreement, a nondisclosure agreement. I mean, the only reason I can think of they would want a nondisclosure agreement at the FBI is so that the informant wouldn’t turn around and talk about how dirty they have been. I mean, why would they get a nondisclosure agreement? I might expect the guy who was the informant demanding a nondisclosure agreement from the FBI and from the Justice Department: You can’t talk about what all I did; you can’t talk about the things I did because the people I was working undercover for you on, they might try to kill me, so I demand a nondisclosure agreement from the Justice Department, from the FBI, so you won’t disclose things that will get me killed. But, no, that is not what happened. Under the Obama administration, Loretta Lynch ‘‘Injustice Department,’’ we have a nondisclosure agreement that the person who risked his life couldn’t disclose what was going on. Sounds like somebody, to me, at the FBI and the Justice Department had a pretty dirty conscience and they didn’t want to be outed. And at every turn: Oh, well, that was sealed. Oh, well, that is a nondisclosure agreement. Oh, you can’t have access to that. The FBI and the Justice Department and people that we have been questioning have really kind of gotten themselves in a position where they are above the law. They are above Congress. And in this country, the branch that the Founders thought would have the least control ever—that was the judiciary; they are small; they don’t really have any power—they are legislating and running the executive branch from under their robes. At the same time, you have got the executive branch and the Department of Justice that has become a new playground for people who want to write like Kafka, ginning up charges, knocking down doors in the wee hours of the morning: Oh, were they a threat? Well, no, not really, but we just need to intimidate them. It is what we do in the Justice Department nowadays. We are the Department of intimidation. I am telling you, Mr. Speaker, there has got to be a material change. There has got to be. There are too many people currently in the Justice Department and the top of the FBI—not these fine young agents across the country who have given everything they had, even though Mueller removed their ability to have wise counsel because he got rid of the longtoothed people that had the experience and the wisdom to know how to bring these agents along. He purged the training materials so FBI agents could not know how to discern if somebody had been radicalized. There is just so much, that almost needs to start from scratch; and we are having to deal with the players like Rosenstein who have been in that system as they were part of the process while it was corroding and, really, infecting. I thank my friends for caring enough about what is going on to stand up and raise Cain. But, like I said, you know, just when you think, well, that has got to be the final shoe dropping, then we have this story that the wife of the demoted DOJ official actually worked for the firm that put together, was behind, the antiTrump dossier that we believe may very likely have been used in order to surveil the Trump campaign, in order to use the DOJ, working in collusion with not only Russia, but also the Hillary Clinton campaign, in order to elect a candidate who had no chance otherwise. Well, a funny thing happened on the way to using the DOJ and Fusion GPS and the Russians in order to get Hillary Clinton elected—she didn’t get elected. But that certainly doesn’t owe anything to Nellie Ohr or Bruce Ohr or these people who have been occupying the Department of Justice as it tainted and turned from, what Christopher Wray says, an F that stood for ‘‘fidelity’’ to, now, an I that stands for ‘‘infidelity.’’ Let’s get back to fidelity in the Justice Department. Let’s get back to an incorruptible Justice Department. I am hoping and praying we are heading that direction, but I am just not seeing it yet. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas. His perspective as a former prosecutor and former judge certainly sheds a tremendous amount of light on the stark days that we found ourselves in with this biased effort against the President of the United States. I would also like to thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JORDAN ), the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ), the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE), and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS) for their contributions not only to this Special Order, but to this critical discussion we are having in the country. I will conclude with this, Mr. Speaker. Tomorrow, the Deputy Attorney General will raise his right hand and swear to be truthful before the Judiciary Committee, and we will ask these tough questions about coordination with Democrats and the DNC and, potentially, the FBI to gin up this false information about the President. We will ask why a senior official at the Department of Justice had a spouse who was working for the company that was trying to discredit our President both before and after the election. And I hope he doesn’t give the same answers that we heard from the Director of the FBI, Mr. Wray. Mr. Wray said in response to almost all these questions: Well, we have got an inspector general. Inspector generals sniff around all these things, and if there is something wrong, we will make reforms after we hear back. The time is now. The danger to our country is clear and present if we allow our dulyelected President to be undermined by these unfair and biased tactics. So I am hopeful that we will move past the jargon and just give straight answers to the American people to these very legitimate questions that so many of our constituents are asking. We should also remember that the inspector general process is far from perfect. We heard from an inspector general, Mr. McCullough, who said that, when he brought forward claims, he was threatened, his family was threatened, his job was threatened, his agency was threatened, and that he did not have an opportunity to tell the American people the truth. Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve the truth. The truth is that there was no collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. If there was any collusion, it was the Democrats, it was the DNC, and it was this nexus between Mr. Ohr and his spouse working for the very people who were engaged in these devious tactics. 
We deserve better, and we are going to be demanding better tomorrow in the Judiciary Committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
WHAT IS HAPPENING HERE IN CONGRESS? The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, one of the tasks of having the second Special Order Hour is to find myself sitting here in this Chamber listening to the most absurd, ridiculous conversation that I think I have ever heard anywhere. My esteemed colleagues were here for the last hour in a different world, in a completely different universe, not of this world, but a different universe, And I am thinking: What in the world are they saying? By my recollection, every one of our intelligence agencies said that Russia was involved in the campaign and developing information that was supporting the current President. I am thinking: I think that is what I heard over the last 9, 10, almost 14 months now. And yet my colleagues are up here and in a different world. I will tell you what it is all about. This wasn’t the subject matter that I was going to talk to tonight, but it was really about another scam, another scheme that is being perpetrated. This is all about, this last hour’s discussion was all about somehow turning the table so that Special Counsel Mueller is demeaned, his work is somehow not authentic so that the investigation that is coming closer and closer to the Oval Office is discredited, setting the stage for what may very, very well be an extremely important task that this House has. As that investigation continues, we will hear even more shrill discussions from the President’s supporters tearing down that investigation, undermining the integrity of it, so that when that task comes to the House of Representatives in an impeachment resolution, they will simply say: Well, his entire investigation is discredited and, therefore, we are not going to proceed. The American public isn’t buying it, gentlemen. The American public is not blind. They are not deaf. They are listening, and they are understanding that an honest investigation is underway, based upon what our intelligence agencies discovered, based upon the fact—the fact—that the Russians did hack the DNC and did hack the chairman of the Hillary Clinton campaign and then weaponized those emails that were stolen. That is a fact, gentlemen, and you cannot wash away that fact. And from there, we now have a special prosecutor, a special counsel in place who is carrying on an investigation, and indictments have come forward and penalties have been assessed and people have pleaded guilty. All of that is the fact, and it is pointing closer and closer to the White House; and, therefore, I understand, gentlemen, I understand why you are so upset. I suppose if I were somehow to stand here and be an advocate for the President, I might be upset, too, because the net is drawing tighter, because information is coming clearer. So come to the floor, do what you can, do what you can to undermine the investigation; do what you can, through your falsehoods, through your incorrect interpretations of plain facts, to undermine the integrity of an investigation. I understand why you would be intent upon doing so. But the purpose of this evening isn’t that. It is something that will affect America for the next two decades, at least. The purpose of this hour is to talk to the American people about what is happening here while these foolish floor discussions are going on. What is happening here in Congress at this moment, this week, is one of the biggest transfers of wealth ever in America’s history; the transfer of wealth from the working men and women of America, from the poor, from the elderly, to the superwealthy of America. What is happening here in Congress now, in a conference committee, is the drafting of legislation, tax legislation, that will dramatically affect the American economy for decades. b1815 Transferring wealth, benefits that the elderly receive in Medicare, transferring benefits that the poor receive in food stamps, in Meals on Wheels, in Medicare, Medicaid, children’s health programs; transferring those necessary benefits that these men and women need to survive, to be able to live; transferring those benefits to the superwealthy in a tax proposal that gives to the largest American corporations and to the top 1 percent, over $5 trillion over the next decade, that is what is happening. Here is a fact: American corporations that have already seen their share of burden to finance this government, to educate the Americans, to keep our military, to deal with national security, they have seen their share of the Federal revenues drop from some 20 percent—actually, 30 percent in 1939, 15 percent in 1960, down to somewhere in the 5 to 10 percent range. At the same time, the burden is shifted to the middle class. That is what is happening. Here is what should be happening. Here is the way we ought to look at it. On The Mall here in Washington, we have the FDR Memorial. Etched in the marble is this: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have little.’’ I presented this upside down almost on purpose because that is precisely what our Republican colleagues are doing. They are taking that value and turning it upside down. Instead of doing more for those who have little, they are doing much for those who already control the greatest amount of wealth ever in the handful of a few people since the 1400s, when the Spanish Empire was ripping off the Western Hemisphere. That is what is happening. Of all of this money, the top 1 percent and America’s biggest corporations are gaining, and the rest of Americans, over the next 5 to 7 years, are going to pay for that. We have to stop this tax cut. We have to stop it because it is terrible public policy. American corporations don’t need more money. It was reported today that Apple—the world’s largest, most valuable corporation, Apple, in my State of California—is sitting on $2.5 trillion of cash today in the United States, and another $2.5 trillion of cash outside the United States, and they want their tax rate reduced. They are almost paying nothing now because they are able to escape American taxes. They say: Lower the corporate tax rate so that there will be investment in America. It ain’t so. In the last 20 years, there has been a cataclysmic change in the way in which corporations use their profits. In the 1970s, 50, 60 percent of the aftertax profits of corporations went into building their business, building new equipment, new manufacturing plants, adding employees, increasing wages. The remaining 40 percent or so went to dividends. Where are we today? Less than 10 percent goes to increasing a company’s manufacturing, the company’s employment, wages for workers. Where does the rest of it go? It goes to stock buybacks and to dividends. It goes to the shareholders. And who are the shareholders? The top 1 percent. This is the scam of all times. They say we have got to reduce the taxes on corporations so that they will employ more Americans. If only they would. If only they would. I am sure you have heard of AT&T. Do you know what the effective tax rate of AT&T is? Not 35 percent, not 30 percent, not even 20 percent, as this tax bill would set as the maximum rate of corporations. The effective tax rate for the last 10 years for AT&T has been 8 percent. Eight percent. And during that time, did they use that aftertax profit to add employees, to increase wages? No. They laid off 80,000 American workers. What did they use that money for? Stock buybacks, corporate executives, $124 million to the CEO just 2 years ago. I could go on and on, but I would like to bring to this debate Mr. CICILLINE , 
who has determined that there is a better deal, better wages, better future, better jobs. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend from California for not only organizing this evening’s Special Order hour, but for his longterm advocacy for working people in this country and for his extraordinary advocacy for the people of the State of California. As my colleague described what the Republicans are attempting to do in this tax proposal, it is very clear to me that this isn’t tax reform. It is not a tax bill. It is a tax scam. It is a scam in that the American people are being sold a bill of goods. All across this country tonight, there are millions of Americans who will go to sleep tonight worrying about whether or not they are going to be able to make it through the next week, whether they have enough to pay their bills, to take care of their family, to set aside a little for their retirement. The reason that they are worried about this is they are not making enough money. So what the Republicans propose to do in this tax bill will make that problem worse. We have spoken over the last several months about an agenda that is really at the heart of this problem, that raises incomes for families, that reduces the costs in people’s lives, and that ensures that they have the tools to be successful in the 21st century. It is an agenda that really focuses on addressing the fundamental and economic anxiety facing millions of American families all across our country. We know it is because people are struggling. They are just not making enough money. The same can’t be said of the biggest corporations in this country, where we are seeing record profits, Wall Street through the roof. So people understand something is not working right in our economy. They are struggling. They haven’t seen their wages go up for a very long time. America hasn’t had a raise in a long time, yet corporate profits are through the roof and the stock market is through the roof, and people are saying: This isn’t working. So what we should be doing is investing in the creation of goodpaying jobs that will result in better jobs, better wages, and a better future. But what this Republican proposal does is it relies on this old Republican theory of trickledown economics: if we just let people at the very top have more money, it is going to trickle down to the rest of us and we will all benefit. We know this doesn’t work. We have seen time and time again this doesn’t work. And part of the reason it doesn’t work is because people at the top can only buy so much stuff. The way you really grow the economy is you grow the middle class. Make sure people have a job, have money in their pockets to buy the goods and services that business produces. If you go to any small business in my State of Rhode Island and you ask smallbusiness owners, ‘‘What do you need to add an employee, to add jobs to your company,’’ they will give you the same answer, ‘‘I need customers. I need people to buy what I make and I sell.’’ That is why growing the middle class and focusing on raising incomes of working people is actually how you create jobs. Those are the job creators: working people, the middle class of this country who are creating the demand that leads to job growth. But what this tax scam does is it gives 67 percent of the tax cuts to the top 1 percent, huge benefits for the biggest corporations in this country, further incentivizes companies to ship American jobs overseas, and to realize profits from doing that. It cuts important deductions, in the House bill at least, for student loan interest, medical expenses, State and local taxes. It is going to raise taxes on 87 million Americans, middle class folks, working people. In order to finance this tax cut for the richest people in this country and the biggest corporations that don’t need it, the middle class and working people are going to pay for it and the next generation is going to be burdened with $1.5 trillion in debt over the next 10 years. We are borrowing money to give tax cuts to big corporations, the wealthiest people in this country, and we are going to shoulder the next generation with that burden? Shame on them. So this conference committee is meeting and going to come up with some proposal that apparently is going to be pleasing to their donors. We know in the Senate some of the donors had the provisions of the bill before Members of the Senate had them. They came out with handwritten notes in the margins because they were so desperate to get this done for the moneyed class. In fact, some of our colleagues admitted it and said something like: Look, if we don’t pass this, our donors said, Don’t bother calling us. What we need is tax reform that provides a tax cut to working people and the middle class. We could have done that in a bipartisan way. The last time there was tax reform, there were hundreds of witnesses, months of testimony. This stuff is complicated. What happened in the House? Not one hearing, not one witness. Jammed through, as Congressman RASKIN said, in the dark of night, at the speed of light. Because the more the American people hear about this tax scam, they know it is not for them. They know they are not going to benefit. They know the same old corporate special interests that have so much influence in this town helped write this bill, and that they are going to benefit from it and they are determined to jam this through, regardless of the public sentiment. The American people are against this bill 2–1. That number is going to grow the more people learn about it. That doesn’t seem to matter. So I thank the gentleman for inviting me tonight and allowing me to speak. He has been here longer than I have. I can say with all honesty that the day that bill passed the House was one of the worst days I have ever been in this Chamber because I know how this tax scam, this effort by the Republicans in the House is really going to hurt the American people. I have never seen a situation in which public sentiment was so strongly opposed to this measure. Despite that, our colleagues are moving forward with it. I don’t know that my colleague has seen an occasion like this before, but I would like to hear Mr. GARAMENDI ’s thoughts on that. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I actually have seen something like this before. Last summer, the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, or at least the attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act, where 24 million Americans were going to lose their health insurance, this House rammed it right through, just totally ignoring the welfare. And I am not talking about corporate welfare. I am talking about the wellbeing of 24 million Americans who stood to lose their insurance. Now that is being repeated. In fact, in this legislation, there is a provision that it would only cause 13 million Americans to lose their insurance. So not only are they doing this tax scam, as the gentleman so well described it, but they put in a provision that would cause 13 million Americans to lose their insurance over the next several years, and 4 million Americans next year. b1830 A person might say: What morality do you have? What are your values when you do that kind of thing? So, yes, I have seen it, and we are seeing it once again. So what is the value? It is not this. It is not the test of our progress of what we do for those who have little. It is the upside down of that. It is: How can we do more for those who have much, the top 1 percent: Mr. CICILLINE is from Rhode Island. I am from California. I think the view from ocean to ocean and somewhere in between, there has got to be some sanity here, if you will. Mr. CICILLINE. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I think the other thing that is very important to acknowledge here, and I think we have heard the Speaker say this—we have heard Senator RUBIO make reference to this—is that the American people, I hope, understand that this is part one of a multipart story. Our Republican colleagues have made it very clear that this tax scam, this sort of giveaway to corporate 
America and the richest people in this country, is just part one. Next year, after you give away $1.5 trillion, unpaid for, you come back next year and you say: We have no money. We are going to have to cut Social Security, cut Medicare, cut Medicaid, cut Pell grants, cut investments in healthcare, and cut investments in rebuilding the infrastructure of our country. So our Republican colleagues are setting this up as an effort to gut Medicare and Medicaid. Let’s be clear about that. You can’t give away $1.5 trillion that you don’t have. And next year they are going to be heard to say: Geez, we have no money. We have to cut all of these programs that middle class Americans and working families rely on to survive and to prosper and to get a shot. And their answer is going to be: There is no money. And why isn’t there any money? Because we gave it away to millionaires and billionaires and corporations and people who didn’t need it. As a result of it, you are going to pay for it by cutting Medicare and cutting Social Security and cutting Pell grants. The immorality of this is stunning. So I think we have to not only defeat this tax scam, but call it out for what it is. This is an effort by our Republican colleagues to finally get what they want. I think our Speaker has said: I dreamed about it, or, I drank beer thinking about cuts to Medicare and Medicaid. They call them entitlements. They are not entitlements. These are earned benefits that people get after a lifetime of hard work, of playing by the rules, of doing what is right. This is phase one of a multiphase plan which will hurt working people in this country, and we have to call them out on it. Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank the gentleman. He is absolutely correct. It used to be, I think just 2 or 3 months ago, that, on this floor, you would hear the sound of the deficit hawks. You would hear them screaming, crying out about the huge deficit. And, indeed, we do have a huge deficit. If you take a look at the growth of the deficit, this is 2027. At the end of this tax bill, it is growing at $500 billion a year without the additional deficit created by the tax bill. They would cry. They would lament the situation. Suddenly—maybe it is because it is winter, and, like the Canadian geese, they flew south—they have disappeared. They are nowhere to be found around Washington, D.C. But I suspect, with the new year, as the days grow longer, as it warms up, the deficit hawks will return, and they will come back with a vengeance, just as the gentleman said. Wait a minute. The gentleman didn’t say it. He repeated what the Speaker of the House of Representatives said, what our Republican colleagues voted for in their budget proposal just ahead of this tax proposal. They said it very, very clearly. They intend to take $500 billion out of Medicare, right out of the healthcare for seniors. They intend—they did it in their budget. They did it in their words. The Speaker did it in his own words. They intend to cut Medicare $500 billion and Medicaid by $1.5 trillion so that the deficit that they created with the tax scam that gives all of that money to the wealthy and to the corporations, they are going to take it right out of the pockets of the elderly. They are going to take it right out of the pockets of the poor. Keep in mind that some 50 to 60 percent of Medicaid money goes to seniors in nursing homes and in extended care facilities. Something is dramatically wrong. Where is the morality of this? Where is the human value? Where are the words? Where are the words of FDR? Blowing in the wind, long gone. Mr. CICILLINE , I have noticed we have been joined by one of our colleagues. I don’t know if she wants to join me. Mr. CICILLINE. A very distinguished colleague. Mr. GARAMENDI. We will just continue. Mr. CICILLINE. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, it is important to note here—I think my memory is correct on this—that the $1.5 trillion in debt which will be generated by this tax giveaway is exactly the same number that they cut from Medicare and Medicaid in the budget they just voted on. So we don’t have to wonder whether that is the plan. They have already done it in the budget that they have proposed. And as you said, the Speaker, Senator RUBIO, and others have already acknowledged this. So this should be clear. We are going to vote, and have already voted, to give a tax cut Mr. GARAMENDI. The word ‘‘we’’ is incorrect. Mr. CICILLINE. The gentleman is correct. They have already voted to cut $1.5 trillion to give a tax cut to the wealthiest people in this country, to the biggest corporations; and in order to pay for that, they intend to gut Medicare and Medicaid and a whole range of other very important investments we make, that our country makes, in supporting and strengthening the middle class. It shouldn’t be a surprise to anyone when, next year, as the gentleman said, the deficit hawks return in the warm weather to say: Oh, my goodness, there is no money. We are going to have to end the guarantee of Medicare. We are going to have to cut Social Security. We are going to have to eliminate or cut Pell grants. We are going to reduce all of these investments which matter so much to working families in this country. They are intent on doing that. They have tried to do it for the last several years, but not to the magnitude of success that they expect when they drain the coffers by giving away the money, which is exactly their strategy. And it is why we have to fight hard against this tax scam because it is not just a tax giveaway to people who don’t need it. It is what it will do to the economy. I think there was a New York Times analysis of 38 economists. Not one, not any economist I have ever heard of yet, has said that this tax cut will pay for itself. We keep hearing our Republican colleagues: Oh, this is going to pay for itself. The economy is going to grow, and jobs are going to. It is a pipe dream. There is not a single economist, Republican, Democrat, Independent, who says these tax cuts will pay for themselves because, of course, they won’t. Who will pay for them? The middle class of this country. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, we have heard that argument over and over. If I am not mistaken, the economy is working pretty close to maximum right now, 3 percent. The unemployment rate is 4 percent or in that range, maybe a little lower, and the Federal Reserve is looking at increasing the interest rate to slow down the economy. Our Republican friends say they need to beef up the economy. So tell me how it works. When the Federal Government borrows more money for this deficit, that will cause interest rates to go up because they are competing with other folks who want to borrow money. The Federal Reserve is increasing interest rates. So we can look for interest rates going up. The economy is slowing down. So how does this increase? It just doesn’t work in macroeconomic terms in any way. But I don’t want to be an economist. What I want to be is just factual. So if I might, for a moment, these are 10 popular deductions that the Republicans are limiting or repealing in their tax bill, the list of horribles: limits the State and local tax deduction, which is a big problem for California, a big problem for New York, a big problem for, really, every State because every State has taxpayers who deduct State and local taxes. For California, in my district, 32 percent of the taxpayers use this deduction, and it is over $10,000. We are a highcost State, housing and so forth. Mr. CICILLINE. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, one thing to remember there is that States that are investing in their infrastructure, investing in public safety, that are asking for local taxpayers to do their part, you punish them, and you incentivize States that are not making that investment. It is bad public policy. Mr. GARAMENDI. The gentleman mentioned this one, but I think we need to focus on it. 
Right now, if you are going to go to college, almost every person is going to have to borrow money. Student debt is over $1.2 trillion. Young men and women who graduate are burdened by that student debt. They are not buying cars. They are not building any business. They are trying to pay off the debt. They are able to deduct the interest on that debt. It helps them out a little bit. So what do our Republican friends do? They eliminate the interest deduction on student debt. The gentleman has spoken to this. Mr. CICILLINE. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. I started to interrupt. I was just going to say that, for young people, what this tax scam does is particularly damaging because it not only saddles the next generation with $1.5 trillion of debt, but in addition to that, it makes their cost of pursuing higher education more expensive. Who in their right mind thinks it is a good idea to make it harder or more expensive for young people to go to college? We ought to be making it easier and more affordable, less difficult. Young people are already graduating with enormous debt, going to a tough job market in terms of what they can earn, and the Republicans are taking away the deduction so they can finance a tax debt for the richest people in this country. Mr. GARAMENDI. That is precisely what they are doing. The gentleman talked earlier about a better plan. He talked about better education, about better opportunities. We know. And the gentleman and I have been on this floor talking about how to build the American economy. In that discussion, we know that the economy grows on research. It grows on research at universities all across this Nation. What do our Republican friends do in their tax bill? They are going to make it extremely difficult to do research at the universities by placing a very onerous tax on graduate students who are working in those research institutions. Right now, graduate students get paid a stipend, a small amount of money to do the research in those research institutions, and they get their tuition free. Our Republican colleagues, for reasons that make no sense whatsoever, would tax that tuition that is not paid. So these young men and women in these graduate studies are going to have to pay a tax, and they never receive any cash to pay the tax. What would be the result? Universities across the entire Nation are saying: Stop it. Don’t do this. We will not be able to hire graduate students to do research because they cannot afford it. How stupid. If we are going to have a better economy, if we are going to have better jobs, better wages, education is the essential foundation for that. And yet what do they do here with this? They go right after the students. When it comes time for cuts—the gentleman said it before—Pell grants, other kinds of stipends, other kinds of assistance for education, gone. One of the fundamentals of the Democratic program is a better education, a better educated workforce so that there will be better jobs, better wages, better economy. Mr. CICILLINE. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, an important part of that is doubling the investment in apprenticeship programs, career and technical education, making sure we are creating pathways to produce better wages, better jobs for a better future. And the last thing families need, because the focus has to be on raising family incomes, is a tax scam that is going to raise their taxes. That is exactly the reverse of what most middle class and working families need. They need more money in their pockets, not less. And when I hear my Republican colleagues say: This is a tax cut for middle class, that is not true. For 87 million Americans, their taxes will go up. For many Americans, the deductions that they take will be eliminated, and 67 percent of the tax cuts go to the top 1 percent. So it is important, again, that they are trying to jam this through quickly because I think they understand that, if they don’t, the more the American people learn about it, the less they like it, and the more they are going to attempt to stop it. Mr. GARAMENDI. I have gone through three of the horribles here, the student loans and the graduate deductions. We have seen disasters across America: floods, hurricanes, California fires, thousands of homes lost in California. So what does this brilliant tax thing do? It eliminates the casualty loss deduction. b1845 It eliminates the casualty loss deduction. So if your home burns down in a fire—maybe it is one of the catastrophic fires that are now burning in California—your home is gone. Comes time the next year to pay your taxes, you can deduct the loss that you had incurred. Not anymore. Not what our brilliant tax writers on the Republican side would do. The casualty loss disappears. If that is not enough, you have lost your home, you have lost your job, and you need to move. You need to move your family. They eliminate the moving expense deduction. How is a family going to get a better job? You used to be able—you would today—to eliminate—you would be able to write off the moving expense. But not with the tax bill. Mr. CICILLINE. Except if you are a corporation. They keep that deduction. So think about that. If you have to move to follow your job, you can’t deduct that from your taxes; but if your company moves your job overseas, the corporations can deduct the cost of moving your job. Mr. GARAMENDI. But the individual can’t deduct the moving expense to follow the job. Mr. CICILLINE. Correct. Correct. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, something is terribly wrong here. Four in my family are teachers. It is a little thing, but it means everything. It is little. Teachers are able to deduct from their taxes $250 for expenses that they have paid for classroom supplies. Gone. It is gone. If you want to hurt the system, stick it to the teachers. Why would you do that? It is not a big thing. It is a little thing, but it means everything to that classroom. It is the additional paper, the crayons, the chalkboard, whatever. How small is that? Is that a better deal for America? I don’t think so. The casualty loss deduction hurts. Three hundred homes in my district were lost in the October fires. The casualty loss deduction is gone. I don’t know, maybe they will be able to rebuild. But when it comes time to address that deficit, I can assure you that they will do everything they can to cut the programs that would support that family as they attempt to rebuild. So you get the program, you lose on the front end, your tax deduction is gone, and you lose on the back end when you go to get mortgage assistance. There has got to be a better plan. There has got to be a better way to do it. Mr. Speaker, over the years, in the last several months, Mr. CICILLINE and his colleagues on the Democratic Caucus have put together a program for a better life for Americans. It involves much of what we talked about here. It involves a tax program that is balanced, one that provides the incentives for businesses to stay in the United States. We haven’t talked about the corporate tax program that allows for territorial taxing, a specific effort in this legislation to encourage corporations to go offshore where their corporate income will never be taxed. That is not a better plan. That is not a better program for building American jobs and wages. It is a way for corporations to continue to escape. Someday soon I would hope Mr. CICILLINE and his colleagues would bring to this floor— the three of them who have put together this program on how we can build the American economy—well, the gentleman can talk in specific ways about how we can have educational programs, apprenticeship training programs, and job training programs, how we can encourage corporations to invest in America, and how we can Make It In America. 
I would love to join Mr. C ICILLINE and talk about a bill that we are soon going to introduce that would require that, when we export a strategic national asset—our oil and natural gas—that it would be on Americanbuilt ships with American sailors. We could employ hundreds of thousands of people in our shipyards by changing the laws and by providing incentives for Americans to stay here and to work here. Mr. Speaker, I know this is Mr. CICILLINE ’s effort. I know the gentleman wants to get to it. Perhaps we can wrap up. Mr. CICILLINE. Absolutely. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman again for including me. I look forward to the opportunity to come back and talk in more detail about the economic agenda that we collectively have put forward as the House Democrats working with the Senate Democrats that is focused on better jobs and better wages for a better future, the creation of 10 million fulltime, goodpaying jobs, expanded investments in apprenticeships and workbased learning, ensuring that we are providing investments in career and technical education, affordable childcare, reducing the cost of prescription drugs, rebuilding the infrastructure of our country. The list goes on and on, all focused on creating good paying, fulltime jobs, raising family incomes, reducing the costs that families bear on everything from cable bills to prescription drugs and healthcare, and making sure people have the skills necessary for the jobs of the 21st century so they can be successful. It is exactly the opposite of what is going to be achieved in this Republican tax scam. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to coming back with my distinguished colleagues, CHERI BUSTOS from Illinois, HAKEEM JEFFRIES from New York, and Mr. GARAMENDI so that we can talk in a lot of detail about our economic agenda that will focus on supporting and strengthening working people in this country and giving a better deal to the American people than the raw deal they are getting from our colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. CICILLINE so very much for joining me tonight. I really want to go back and plow this field one more time. I am just a farm boy from California. I don’t know that we have said it enough nor have we said it all. We do know that in this tax scam there is a $1.4 trillion reduction in corporate taxes with no assurance that that is going to create jobs in America. But quite the opposite. It will be a great boon for the superwealthy, who will see their stock values go up as that additional aftertax income for the corporations is spent on stock buybacks, dividends, and executive pay. We know that the alternative minimum tax will disappear, and that is about $900 billion to the, again, top income earners. We know in California and across the Nation that the State and local tax deduction will be gone. That will probably cost those 32 percent of the taxpayers—the tax filers in my district that use that deduction—$1,000 to $2,000 in additional taxes. We know this is going to go on and on, and we know that the deficit is going to be increased. There may be some growth. There has been one analysis that said there may be a couple hundred billion dollars of growth, but it is not going to make up for the $1.5 trillion deficit on top of the existing deficit. We know the deficit hawks will be back. They have said it very clearly. They are going to come back and they are going to cut Medicare and Medicaid. We know they are going to take it out of the healthcare for the poor. They know they want to end insurance in the Affordable Care Act for 13 million Americans. All of that has been laid out. We know all of those things. Oh, just in case you are one of those people who have high medical costs, like a senior 50 years of age, who has a serious medical condition and you have been able to deduct from your taxes the medical costs, forget it. Our Republican friends are eliminating the medical cost deduction. Why would they do that? Why would they take after people who have serious medical problems? Their outofpocket costs are covering all of that. This is a long story, but for my colleagues here on the floor, Democratic and Republican, be very, very careful because this particular tax bill, should it ever become law, is going to take this Nation a decade, maybe two decades, to get out of from underneath the extraordinary burden that it is going to place on the American economy, on the working men and women, and on the poor in America. The things we need to do, Mr. CICILLINE talked about infrastructure. The President says: I am going to have a $1 trillion infrastructure program. Really? Really? He is going to do that? He just ripped the guts out of the American Treasury. Where is the money? Oh, it is going to be private money. No. He has already given up on that. His words, not mine. So where is the public investment? Five trillion dollars disappears. Five trillion dollars. Some of it made up by the elimination of these deductions that I have talked about. Still, there is at least a $1.5 trillion hole. The only way that they can possibly make up that after giving away all of that money to the corporations, all of that money to the superwealthy—and did I mention the estate tax? I probably should have. The House bill eliminated the estate tax. What does that mean to our esteemed President? Well, he says that he is worth $10 billion. Who am I to argue with him? If he is, and he were to die, it means $4 billion less tax to his children. Four billion. Now, others say he is only worth $4 billion. So let’s take $4 billion. For his children, it is simply a tax reduction of $1 billion. What does that amount to? That is what this is about. This is all about the wealthy. This is all about those who have much. It is most definitely not about what FDR said. Etched in stone on the FDR Memorial: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much. It is whether we provide enough for those who have little.’’ So where is our heart? So what is our moral value? Is it morality? Is it right to add more to those who have much? Or is the purpose, the central value of this Nation the opposite, to add more to those who have too little? That is where I am. That is where my Democratic colleagues are. I am afraid my Republican colleagues are proving the opposite. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BACON ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) for 30 minutes. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Illinois? There was no objection. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yet again rise along with my colleagues because Americans are dying and this House is doing nothing. They are dying every day in their homes, in our schoolyards, and, yes, even at events hosted by Members of this House. Still we do nothing. Mr. Speaker, every day, 93 Americans lose their lives to gun violence, and still this House has not acted. If anything, last week, the majority passed through a dangerous bill that will put more lives, especially the lives of law enforcement officers, at risk. Mr. Speaker, these are fathers and mothers, daughters and sons, beloved friends and dear colleagues. These are people in every one of our communities and in every one of our districts. Not one Member of this House can come to the floor and say that their community—their neighbors and their district—hasn’t been affected by gun violence. Not one Member, yet we still do nothing as bullets fly and mothers cry. We do nothing as we lose children and 
Since her election to Congress, Congresswoman LEEhas been a fearless and dedicated leader on ending poverty and health disparities in our Nation’s communities, including gun violence. Like many who serve in this House, she is someone who has attended too many funerals and comforted too many grieving mothers, fathers, and colleagues because of gun violence. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman KELLY for her tremendous leadership on so many fronts, especially as chair of the Congressional Black Caucus Health Braintrust and for her tireless work in helping us focus on the fact that gun violence should be treated as a public health crises and that it is just that. Congress needs to do something to stop this epidemic of gun violence that is destroying so many communities all around the country. On an average day, 93 innocent lives in America are cut short, due to gun violence. These senseless deaths also disproportionately impact communities of color. As a Representative from California’s 13th Congressional District, I know all too well the devastating impact that gun violence has on our communities. In fact, the Center for Disease Control recently reported that African American children have the highest rates of firearm mortality overall. They are about 10 times more likely than White children to be killed by guns. Latino children are twice as likely as White children to be killed by guns. But no child—and I mean no child—regardless of their background, wealth, ZIP Code, or race, should be killed by gun violence. No child. It pains me, and I know it pains their parents and family members, to know that such promising young people have left us too soon. Tonight, let me just read the names of a few of Oakland’s children who have lost their lives to gun violence this year: Anibal Andres Ramirez, who was only 13. He was Oakland’s youngest gun victim this year. He was shot outside the new Walnut Plaza community center in east Oakland. Luis Urquidez, who was 17 when his friend accidentally shot him. What in the world was that gun doing around this young boy? Deangelo Hal, who was 17 when he, once again, accidentally shot himself with a stolen gun. Keith Lawrence, who was 17 and a student at Skyline High School. Keith was found shot dead in a parking lot. Soane Mausia, who was 18 when he and his brother were shot by men outside of their east Oakland home. Joaquin Byrd, who was 18 and also a student at Skyline High School. He was shot during a fight at a fast food restaurant. Sultan Bey, who was 18. He was collegebound and had dreams of becoming a computer engineer. He was shot while picking up a friend. Mr. Speaker, this only happens in America. There are too many guns in America. At some point, we have to stand up and say: Enough is enough. Let me say that 5 years ago this week, a deranged gunman walked into Sandy Hook Elementary School and massacred 20 children—20 beautiful elementary school children, whom we continue to remember, murdered in cold blood. Yet Republicans in Congress refuse to lift a finger in support of legislation to prevent these kinds of tragedies from happening. Shame on every Republican who chooses devotion to the NRA over the lives of Americans. We simply must take action to bring commonsense gun reform to our Nation’s gun laws. That is what the American people sent us here to do, to govern in their best interest. That is why we stand here tonight with Congresswoman KELLY and demand that the Speaker take action and bring commonsense legislation for a vote. Give us a vote, Mr. Speaker. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, Congresswoman LEE’s words remind me of what I hear sometimes: we need to wait before we do anything; this group or that group or someone just died, and we are already talking about what we are going to do. It has been 5 years since Newtown, and we still have done nothing. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ). She sees this issue through a number of lenses: a mom, a wife of law enforcement, and a career law enforcement officer herself. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I echo the comments I have heard from other colleagues to thank my colleague from Illinois, Representative KELLY , for her unwavering commitment to this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak for those who have died in the United States as a result of senseless gun violence. I want to reflect this evening on where we have been, where we are now, and where we must go from here. When I took office 1 year ago, I was so excited to give my first speech on the House floor. But I never dreamed my first speech would be a tribute to a former friend and colleague. My first floor speech was to honor Sergeant Debra Clayton, a law enforcement officer who was shot and killed while trying to apprehend a murder suspect, a person who should have never had a gun in his possession in the first place. Since then, two more law enforcement officers from central Florida, Officer Matthew Scott Baxter and Sergeant Richard Samuel Howard, have been shot and killed, both officers of the Kissimmee Police Department. I was sworn into Congress just 6 months after the mass shooting in Orlando at the Pulse nightclub where 49 people who were involved in what my bishop likes to call a latenight fellowship—not doing anything wrong, not in the wrong place—were killed by a lone gunman. At that time, it was the worst mass shooting in modern American history. But in the short time since then, the number 49 has been surpassed as 59 people were killed in Las Vegas just a few months ago. b1915 What this says is things are not getting better, and Congress has failed to take responsible action. Since the Newtown shooting, Congress has held at least 50 moments of silence for the victims of gun violence. But, Mr. Speaker, please tell me: How does a moment of silence protect the next victim? I join my colleagues in honoring the victims who have died tragically of gun violence in our Nation. The victims deserve to be remembered. Their families deserve recognition, and the victims and their families deserve action. John 13:17 says: ‘‘Now that you know these things, you will be blessed if you do them.’’ Well, we now know these things. In other words, when you know better, Mr. Speaker, you are supposed to do better. We also know that the vast majority of the American people across the Nation want action. As a former law enforcement officer, I had a duty to enforce the laws to protect the innocent; and, Mr. Speaker, as Members of Congress, we have a duty to enact laws that protect the innocent. We need to stand up to the gun lobby and take on their indiscriminate sales of bump stocks and other modifications that make weapons deadlier or more suited for criminal violence. We need to strengthen programs that work, such as the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, and drastically improve mental health screening and treatment. And I continue to oppose concealed carry reciprocity, as I did last week on the floor, because it would allow persons from outside your State to bring their firearms anywhere in your State, making the job of law enforcement officers on the street who have the responsibility of sorting it all out more difficult and, potentially, more dangerous. Mr. Speaker, the men, women, mothers, fathers, sons, daughters, brothers, and sisters gunned down in our country deserve remembrance. They also deserve courage from their leaders. They deserve action from their leaders. I once again call on this body to provide some. Debra Clayton, Matthew Baxter, and Sam Howard. Again, I thank my colleague from Illinois for her unwavering commitment and leadership on this issue. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman DEMINGS for those remarks, and I thank her for reminding us of the law enforcement officers who have lost their lives protecting us. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY), from the town of Newtown. Congresswoman ESTYis a tireless advocate for 
commonsense legislation that will save American lives. She knows all too well the cost that gun violence takes on our communities and on our families. Like many who serve in this House, she is someone who has attended funerals, comforted, and continues to comfort so many grieving mothers and fathers because of gun violence. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. KELLY for yielding. Ms. KELLY has been such a stalwart voice for all who are all too often forgotten in what we are seeing happen in this country, a voice for those who are not lost, because sometimes we say ‘‘lost to gun violence.’’ These are not lives that are lost. These are lives that are ripped from us, taken from us, brutally ended. In the 5 years since the horrific shootings in Newtown, Connecticut, in my district, 170,000 Americans have been taken from us, sons and daughters of this great country, 170,000 souls. We should just reflect on that, what that means, what each and every one of those people might have done if they had lived. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative KELLY for being a tireless voice, which we need in these challenging times. Mr. Speaker, 5 years ago tonight, it was cold and snowy in Connecticut. The families of Newtown had picked up their children from school. They were getting ready for the holidays. It was already snowy and cold, no one having any thought on December 12 that, in 2 days, their lives—and America’s lives— would be changed by the reality of what gun violence has done and is doing to this country. So, tonight, I want to read the names of the 20 children and six educators who were brutally gunned down and murdered in Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut: Charlotte Bacon, Daniel Barden, Rachel D’Avino, Olivia Engel, Josephine Gay, Ana MarquezGreene, Dylan Hockley, Dawn Hochsprung, Madeleine Hsu, Catherine Hubbard, Chase Kowalski, Jesse Lewis, James Mattioli, Grace McDonnell, Anne Marie Murphy, Emilie Parker, Jack Pinto, Noah Pozner, Caroline Previdi, Jessica Rekos, Avielle Richman, Lauren Rousseau, Mary Sherlach, Victoria Soto, Benjamin Wheeler, and Allison Wyatt. Mr. Speaker, we can and we must do better in this great country. We must do better for all those who have been taken from us. We must do better by taking action in this, the people’s House. The people are watching, the people are waiting, and they deserve that we do our best—and not to honor only with words and silence and prayers, important as those are, but to honor, even more importantly, by taking action to save future lives. Again, my thanks and my admiration to Representative KELLY for her extraordinary leadership and persistence. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman ESTY for her words, her commitment, and her voice in making sure that those 26 lives will never be forgotten. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues and I have been reading names for nearly half an hour, and we still have stacks and stacks of names—the names of Americans taken by gun violence—to still read. And, tragically, every day the list of names grows and grows as we do nothing to stop it. Children are murdered in their kindergarten classroom and we remain silent. Mothers and their children are killed in Cracker Barrel parking lots and we still do not act. Hadiya Pendleton, a smart, charming, and talented young woman who performed at Barack Obama’s inauguration has been resting for nearly 5 years. How much longer must she wait, Mr. Speaker? Country concerts, nightclubs, and even a congressional baseball practice have been shooting galleries, and the majority callously often calls for thoughts and prayers and moments of silence. Mr. Speaker, it is time to crawl out from under the gun lobby checkbook and do something—anything—to save American lives. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my good friend and colleague, Congresswoman ROBIN KELLY for tonight’s special order hour on gun violence. Congresswoman KELLY is a stalwart leader against gun violence and serves as a visible, outfront advocate for putting an end to the gun violence epidemic. Far too many children, families, and communities have been devastated and destroyed by a gun inappropriately in the hands of a shooter. We have seen far too many deaths, too many young AfricanAmericans with guns, too many killed by guns. My district in Central Ohio has seen an alarming rise in gun violence. Just this week, Columbus saw its 130th homicide of the year, which is closing in on an alltime record. We can and must do better. I stand with Congresswoman KELLY in her relentless efforts, calling on the Congress to honor victims through action. We can join together to pass commonsense gun laws—background checks; no flyno buy; and safety locks. Gun violence is a health epidemic—one that we cannot address in isolation. We must fund mental health programs, we must address the needs of urban communities, and we must provide sustainable community and economic development initiatives to reduce violence—like community policing coupled with commonsense gun reforms. Tonight, Congresswoman KELLY puts a face on the victims of gun violence. I join and salute her for reading the names of victims. As we read the names, let us remember that, gun violence isn’t a Democrat or Republican issue—it is an American issue requiring an American solution. SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: S. 447. An act to require reporting on acts of certain foreign countries on Holocaust era assets and related issues; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 24 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, December 13, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2872. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to promote hydropower development at existing nonpowered dams, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–461, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 657. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2396) to amend the GrammLeachBliley Act to update the exception for certain annual notices provided by financial institutions, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4015) to improve the quality of proxy advisory firms for the protection of investors and the U.S. economy, and in the public interest, by fostering accountability, transparency, responsiveness, and competition in the proxy advisory firm industry (Rept. 115–462). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 658. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1638) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on the estimated total assets under direct or indirect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other proposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4324) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to make certifications with respect to United States and foreign financial institutions’ aircraftrelated transactions involving Iran, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–463). Referred to the House Calendar. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 4630. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to ensure military airports are eligible for certain grant funds; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. B RAT, Mr. C OOPER , and Mr. SOTO): H.R. 4631. A bill to require the Director of the Government Publishing Office to establish and maintain a website accessible to the public that allows the public to obtain electronic copies of all congressionally mandated reports in one place, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. JONES , and Mr. TAKANO ): H.R. 4632. A bill to count revenues from military and veteran education programs toward the limit on Federal revenues that certain proprietary institutions of higher education are allowed to receive for purposes of section 487 of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WOMACK (for himself, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. RUSSELL , and Mr. C ARTERof Texas): H.R. 4633. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit individuals who are eligible for assistance under a Department of Defense educational assistance program or authority to use such tuition assistance for licensing and certification programs offered by entities other than an institution of higher education; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BACON (for himself, Mr. FORTENBERRY , and Mr. S MITH of Nebraska): H. Res. 656. A resolution honoring the 100th anniversary of Boys Town; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. NOLAN: H. Res. 659. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to establish a point of order against legislation that cuts Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid benefits; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. KILMER , Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. LIPINSKI , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. POCAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R USH, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S OTO, Mr. T ONKO , and Ms. GABBARD ): H. Res. 660. A resolution recognizing the 2d anniversary of the adoption of the international Paris Agreement on climate change; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. CHABOT , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. ENGEL , Mr. R OYCE of California, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. ROHRABACHER ): H. Res. 661. A resolution reaffirming the commitment of the United States to promote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cambodia; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire introduced a bill (H.R. 4634) for the relief of Arpita Kurdekar, Girish Kurdekar, and Vandana Kurdekar; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 4616. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 4617. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 4618. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article I, Section 9: No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by Law. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 4619. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 4620. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 4621. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 4622. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. ROKITA: H.R. 4623. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution, including the power granted Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 4624. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 4625. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 4626. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 8, and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 4627. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. GIBBS: H.R. 4628. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce among the several States). By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4629. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
H.R. 4630. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Consitution. By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 4631. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 4632. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WOMACK: H.R. 4633. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section Eight. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire: H.R. 4634. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution, the Naturalization Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To establish an uniform Rule of Naturaliza tion. . . .’’ 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 435: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. CICILLINE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 444: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 535: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 548: Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 619: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 632: Mr. KIND, Mr. N EAL, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. GIBBS, Ms. P LASKETT , Mrs. DEMINGS , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 681: Mr. ROSS, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. KNIGHT , and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 747: Ms. JAYAPAL and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 750: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 754: Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. R OKITA , and Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 820: Mr. COOPER , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. HILL, Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. LYNCH , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. B ERA, and Mr. M CEACHIN . H.R. 1057: Mr. COOK. H.R. 1143: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 1160: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 1298: Mr. HIGGINS of New York and Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 1318: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 1406: Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. B ERA, and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1456: Ms. GABBARD and Mr. B ERA. H.R. 1494: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 1552: Mr. SANFORD . H.R. 1734: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 1777: Ms. MENG. H.R. 1838: Mr. BERA. H.R. 1847: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 1861: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 1939: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 1987: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2077: Mr. BERAand Mr. S CHNEIDER . H.R. 2093: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. ESHOO , and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 2164: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 2219: Mr. LYNCH , and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 2234: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 2345: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. CALVERT , and Mr. C URTIS . H.R. 2358: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 2366: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 2472: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 2514: Mr. VELA, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2542: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2595: Mr. TEDLIEUof California and Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 2652: Mr. DESANTIS . H.R. 2740: Ms. SPEIER , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash ington, and Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 2747: Mr. MEEHAN and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 2773: Mr. BOST. H.R. 2790: Mr. KEATING and Ms. R OS LEHTINEN . H.R. 2820: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 2832: Mr. BUCK. H.R. 2856: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 2862: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 3108: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 3127: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 3128: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 3238: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3330: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 3378: Mr. BERA. H.R. 3397: Ms. ESHOO and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 3402: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 3513: Mr. SWALWELL of California and Mr. HUIZENGA . H.R. 3545: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. P AULSEN, and Mr. B ERA. H.R. 3596: Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 3635: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 3671: Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 3730: Ms. PINGREE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. MARINO , Mr. C OMER , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. YODER . H.R. 3759: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 3820: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 3842: Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 3848: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 3867: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 3879: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 3889: Mr. SANFORD . H.R. 3931: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 4007: Mr. RUTHERFORD . H.R. 4099: Mr. ROYCE of California and Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 4133: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 4143: Mr. BERAand Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 4145: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 4146: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 4179: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD and Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 4183: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4207: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 4223: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 4234: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4255: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 4258: Mr. CAPUANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. BEATTY , and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 4260: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 4274: Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4311: Mr. DESANTIS . H.R. 4318: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4345: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. S MUCKER , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS  of California, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. FASO, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. MACARTHUR , Mr. U PTON , Mr. D IAZ BALART , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. VARGAS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. S OTO, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. LAWSON of Florida, and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 4382: Ms. MENG, Mr. S OTO, and Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4391: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 4392: Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. S IRES, Mr. SHUSTER , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. REICHERT , and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 4395: Mr. HECKand Mr. C OOK. H.R. 4396: Mr. KATKO , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. SOTO, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. Cartwright, Mr. EVANS , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, and Mr. SARBANES . H.R. 4397: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 4423: Mr. CARTER of Texas. H.R. 4458: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 4459: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4461: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 4465: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 4473: Mr. WITTMAN and Mr. Y ODER . H.R. 4474: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 4494: Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. R OYCE of California, and Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 4537: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 4541: Mr. HUFFMAN and Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4547: Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. MARCHANT , and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 4563: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4565: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire and Mr. TAYLOR . H.R. 4573: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4577: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4578: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4581: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN and Mrs. DEMINGS . H.R. 4585: Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. MOULTON , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. POLIS, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C RIST, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 4587: Mr. RUIZ, Mr. J ONES , Mr. B EYER , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. Y OHO. H. Con. Res. 13: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut, Mr. GARRETT , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , and Mr. G OTTHEIMER . H. Con. Res. 74: Ms. MOORE . H. Con. Res. 95: Ms. JACKSON LEEand Mr. DELANEY . H. Res. 129: Mr. NORMAN . H. Res. 407: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H. Res. 529: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H. Res. 624: Mr. SHIMKUS . H. Res. 643: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H. Res. 648: Mr. MESSER . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7949 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 2017 No. 202 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable BEN SASSE, a Senator from the State of Nebraska. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Lord God, our shelter in the time of storms, thank You for Your mercies that are new each day. Lord, through many dangers You have brought us, and we would not be guilty of ingratitude. We are grateful for catastrophes that haven’t happened, for the unseen angels who have guarded our Nation and those we love. May our lawmakers remember that all efforts to defend ourselves will fail without Your sovereign will and loving providence. May our Senators not put their trust only in their ingenuity and courage but instead lean on You, the Author and Finisher of our faith. Today, lead our legislators on right paths as they trust You to clear the road on which they travel. Order their steps and direct their way, training them in Your school of humility so that they will strive to bring glory to You. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 