Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, it has been just about 100 hours since the House Republican leadership released their tax plan finally, not only to the American people, but also to their own rank and file Members. I represent a great district, it is eastern Connecticut, it is about half the State geographically, and it is home to the University of Connecticut, Electric Boat shipyard, Groton Navy base, Coast Guard Academy. I am very proud of the fact that these are really sharp folks, and in that less than 100hour period, I have had about 700 emails and calls into my office from people who have looked at this plan, have run the numbers, have looked at what the existing Tax Code provides, and looked at what the net impact will be if this plan were ever to become law. Louis from Norwich, Connecticut, who is a tax preparer, describes a neighbor of his who is 68 years old, she lives by herself, she earns $33,000 in pension and Social Security income, only of which $21,000 is taxable, and she has a small mortgage. She looked at the Republican tax plan, which includes a standard deduction of $12,500, and that is it. Her new tax will be $1,014 if that plan were to go into effect. Under existing law, the itemized deductions that she can claim today are roughly about $12,500, the same amount as the standard deduction, but she is also able to claim a personal exemption, which every American is entitled to under the existing Tax Code. With that existing plan, her net taxes are $445. So this tax plan will more than double her taxes. Now, $33,000 a year for a 68yearold, I would say that is barely middle class, but certainly it is middle class under a lot of definitions as a homeowner, yet this tax plan is increasing her taxes by over 100 percent. Mark from Clinton contacted me about the fact that this tax plan is going to eliminate the deduction for qualified medical expenses above 10 percent of your adjusted gross income. What does that mean? If you have got medical expenses for eyeglasses, hearing aids, or you have someone in a nursing home that you are paying out ofpocket expenses for, or you have a home healthcare aide coming into your home that is not covered under your insurance, you can deduct that off of your taxes to the extent that it exceeds 10 percent of your adjusted gross income. Mark from Clinton is one of those people. Clinton, Connecticut, is a very middle class community. His taxes are going up. That qualified medical deduction, again, is something that was repeated over and over from individuals who contacted my office, who can’t believe that, again, they are doing the right thing, they are paying their bills for their healthcare—for themselves or for their kids or for their aunt or their parent—and they are losing that deduction. I am sorry. The standard deduction that is being offered as a compensation doesn’t come close to helping an individual in that situation. In addition, the State tax deduction, which the present Tax Code allows, is gone under this proposal. In the State of Connecticut, they have calculated that families that earn between $50,000 and $200,000 a year will see their taxes increase by 14 percent under this proposal. So, Mr. Speaker, we are talking about a plan which was sold to the country as a tax cut for the middle class. Again, there are lots of other economic incentives that they put in there supposedly for corporations to cut their corporate tax rate and cut the rates for people in the top 1 percent. Again, it is totally imbalanced, but I am going to set that aside for the moment, because what was also guaranteed and promised was that middle class Americans would see their taxes going down, people like Louis from Norwich; Mark from Clinton; and Jason from Niantic, who is going to lose his college student loan interest rate deduction. They eliminate the college student loan interest rate reduction. Again, we are living in a time right now where student loan debt is $1.3 trillion. One of 
the few ways that you can manage that debt is being able to deduct it off of your taxes. That is being eliminated under the House Republican plan. Now, if I sound a little worked up, it is because, literally, within minutes, the House Ways and Means Committee is going to start marking up this bill. Not one hearing is being held for outside voices to sort of at least crunch through the numbers of this proposal. The plan is for Speaker RYANto force a vote next week. We are talking less than 10 days for rewriting the U.S. Tax Code, which has not been rewritten since 1986. When it was done under President Reagan, it took a year for the process to unfold, and that was the right way to do it, to allow the subcommittees to take a look at their provisions of the Tax Code on the Ways and Means Committee, to hold hearings, to actually have an intelligent, thoughtful exchange of ideas before you mark it up, rather than jamming it to the floor, when you are taking away people’s qualified medical expenses. Again, this is just the tip of the iceberg. The deduction that people get for dependent care assistance programs—if you have a kid who is developmentally disabled and needs a personal care attendant in your home right now, you can deduct that—that is being taken away. This is a bad plan. We need to slow down; we need to give the American people a chance to understand this better. Again, I call on the Ways and Means Committee to, again, slow down and cancel the markups that are scheduled this week. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COMER ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of the universe, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members of this assembly as they set upon the work of these hours, of these days. Help them to make wise decisions in a good manner and to carry their responsibilities steadily, with high hopes for a better future for our great Nation. As legislation on taxes continues to be debated this week and next, may all Members be mindful that the institutions and structures of our great Nation guarantee the opportunities that have allowed some to achieve great success, while others continue to struggle. May their efforts these days guarantee that there are not winners and losers under new tax laws, but benefits balanced and shared by all Americans. May Your blessing, O God, be with them and with us all this day and every day to come, and may all we do be done for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. NORTON led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages in writing from the President of the United States were communicated to the House by Ms. Gabrielle Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
ISRAELIAMERICAN COUNCIL (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, our thoughts and prayers are with all those who are grieving at the First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs, Texas. This morning, I was grateful to join the IsraeliAmerican Council at their fourth National Council Conference to celebrate our ally, Israel, and the special relationship we have formed over many years with the people of Israel. It was meaningful to be greeted by National Chairman Adam Milstein, and to discuss issues with Dr. Miriam and Sheldon Adelson. The IsraeliAmerican Council is the fastest growing JewishAmerican organization in the United States, and works every day to foster a strong and positive relationship between the United States and the Israeli people. I am grateful for their many accomplishments, and I wish them continued success in strengthening the American Israeli relationship in the years to come through mutual economic success, creating jobs while promoting peace through strength with military cooperation. South Carolina has always appreciated its Jewish heritage as home of the largest Jewish population of any State at the time of the American Revolution. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
MASS DEPORTATION WOULD DISRUPT OUR COUNTRY (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, mass deportation of Temporary Protected Status recipients today would disrupt our country and theirs. More than 32,000 Salvadorans live in the District of Columbia metro area; and Salvadorans, at 200,000, are the largest group of TPS holders in the country today. TPS designation requires the Attorney General to find ‘‘extraordinary and temporary conditions preventing returning to the state in safety.’’ The most recent influx of Salvadorans, onethird of them unaccompanied minors, shows that these conditions have been met for TPS holders and others. With the breakdown of civil society in Central America today, forced return of anyone now would be inhumane. 
RECOGNIZING DEANE BOZEMAN SCHOOL FOR ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE (Mr. DUNN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Deane Bozeman School, a title I school, located in Bay County, Florida. Deane Bozeman School prides itself on developing boys and girls of character and as welleducated American citizens. The school’s administration, faculty, staff, and parents join in investing and educating over 1,300 students, prekindergarten through 12th grade. The result is that Deane Bozeman School continues a tradition of academic excellence. This year, Deane Bozeman School reaches yet another milestone in excellence by adding a fully chartered Army Junior ROTC program to its curriculum. As cadets, the ROTC program will develop middle and high school students into leaders whose characters are based on the fundamental values of loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service, integrity, and personal courage. Under the leadership of Chief Warrant Officer Retired Jeff Adkins, these students will certainly thrive. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Deane Bozeman School for taking such a bold step and enriching the lives of the students in this inaugural year of its Army ROTC program. 
A MASSIVE WINDFALL FOR INVESTORS (Mr. RASKIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, slashing the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent means one thing: a massive windfall for investors. While the champagne flows at the Trump Hotel afterparty, middle class Americans would get nothing from this plan other than their deductions taken away for medical expenses, housing, and college loan interest payments. People won’t even be able to deduct for most State and local income taxes paid, while large corporations would continue to do so. Here is the real shocker: fully 35 percent of the windfall, between $500 billion and $700 billion this decade, will go to foreign investors who own 35 percent of American stock. That money will be lost to us forever. It won’t be there for Medicare or Medicaid or anything else. Blowing up our deficit by $1.5 trillion while transferring that much wealth to big corporations is a terrible idea. It is atrocious when you realize that we won’t just be spoiling superrich Americans with billions of dollars, we will be spoiling superrich foreigners, too. Let’s stop this speeding train and come up with a bipartisan tax plan that works for all Americans. 
ANOTHER DAY, ANOTHER TRAGEDY HERE IN AMERICA (Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, another day, another tragedy here in America. These are difficult times in this country, and it seems that we have spent the last several months careening from one tragedy to the next: from the congressional baseball shooting to Charlottesville, from Charlottesville to Las Vegas, from Las Vegas to the terrorist attack in New York, from the terrorist attack in New York to a mass shooting at a Baptist Church in south Texas. Something is wrong here in America, yet all we seem to do is to come to Congress, have a respectful moment of silence, and then move on as if everything is okay. It is not okay. It is time for this ‘‘donothing Congress’’ to do something, do anything to help stop the carnage that is taking place in our great country. 
PENALTIES IMPOSED ON MORTGAGE LENDERS (Mr. SESSIONS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I first want to say, ladies and gentlemen who are here, thank you for being here. I am from Dallas, Texas, and I stand in sorrow for my fellow Texans and the country, for those from Sutherland Springs, Texas, outside of San Antonio, who suffered the mass shooting of this weekend. Mr. Speaker, I rise today also to highlight an issue that is impacting firsttime home buyers in America. Over the past 8 years, the Department of Justice has penalized many mortgage lenders who participated in the Federal Housing Administration’s mortgage insurance program, a program that provides access to mortgages for some of America’s firsttime home buyers. Unfortunately, the Department of Justice still continues, even today, to use the False Claims Act to impose penalties on mortgage lenders, many of whom were guilty of only material deficiencies in the loan applications, minor issues that, years later, people came back and tried to find a mistake so that they could pin the tail, pin a fine on some mortgage lender. My colleagues and I have objected to these actions by the Department of Justice because many of the shortcomings in these loan applications were never intended as efforts to defraud anyone, but merely technical oversights, perhaps facts that might have not been completely known at the time of the loan application. Many longtime mortgage lenders have exited this program because they cannot risk opening themselves to the penalties that have been imposed, I think, unwisely, by the Department of Justice for mere technical shortcomings of these loans. So I have been a part of Members who are asking the Department of Justice to impose a moratorium to review what they are doing on the use of the False Claims Act to pursue such violations until the FHA can complete its own taxonomy, which is a set of standards that would impose penalties commensurate with the severity of the offense. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, would ask the American people for their express blessings upon those who gave their life this weekend in Texas. f 
EDUCATION IS THE NUMBER ONE EQUALIZER (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I think education is the number one equalizer. It is the door to opportunity, yet the GOP tax plan will make it harder to afford to be able to go to college. When I was a kid, my parents—both immigrants from Mexico, where mom only had a third grade education—told me that I had to become a doctor or a lawyer. That was the only way to get out of the poverty that we lived in. As a result, I went to college. I was saddled in student loan debt when I came out. As a matter of fact, I still have over $50,000 of student loan debt. It shouldn’t be this way. Congress should be working to make it easier to go to college so that there is debtfree college, or at least make it more affordable. Unfortunately, that is not the case. Instead, Congress is considering a terrible GOP tax plan that proposes to eliminate the student loan interest deduction and lifetime learning credits. Under current rules, borrowers paying off education loans can deduct up to $2,500 of interest paid on student loans. Deductions lower your taxable income. About 12.4 million people claimed it for the year 2015. You can claim the student loan break for several years after college while paying off the loans. The GOP tax plan would destroy this key deduction for young graduates and workers getting the job training they need to succeed in the 21st century economy. Millenials and young workers, if you disagree, rise and have your voice heard today. Just say no to the GOP tax plan that only makes it harder to afford college. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM DISTRICT DIRECTOR, HONORABLE HANK JOHNSON, JR., MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from Kathy Register, District Director, the Honorable HANKJOHNSON , Jr., Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 1, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena for testimony, issued by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. After consulting with the Office of General Counsel, I will make the determinations required by Rule VIII. Sincerely, KATHY REGISTER , District Director. f 
b1415 COMMUNICATION FROM CONSTITUENT SERVICES REPRESENTATIVE, HONORABLE HANK JOHNSON, JR., MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from Tishyra Johnson Armstrong, Constituent Services Representative, the Honorable HANKJOHNSON, Jr., Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 1, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena for testimony, issued by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. After consulting with the Office of General Counsel, I will make the determinations required by Rule VIII. Sincerely, TISHYRA JOHNSON ARMSTRONG , Constituent Services Representative. f 
b1630 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUNN) at 4 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss H.R. 3562 and ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan, commonsense legislation to improve our services for those who have ‘‘borne the battle″: America’s disabled veterans. Currently, if a disabled veteran in VA’s Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment program needs adaptations made to their home due to the limitations of their disability, then it is their vocational rehabilitation counselor, someone who has no experience or training in home construction, who makes such arrangements for these adaptations. In addition to the lack of core competency in home adaptations, these counselors have experienced a significant and steady rise in their job counseling caseloads, so their focusing on this home construction takes away from their primary function as a vocational counselor. This has resulted in inefficiencies for disabled veterans who now have to wait in line, and it is costing taxpayers more money. While these are master’s degreelevel counselors who provide great services to our veterans every single day, they do not have the expertise to understand how to build a wheelchair ramp, affix a grab bar to a wall, or implement other home adaptations. This bill would simply transfer these responsibility’s to VA’s Specially Adapted Housing program, where they deal with these kinds of construction projects every day. This change is needed. It will save the taxpayers money, and, most importantly, it will help our disabled veterans immensely by ensuring that they have the right people on the job to address their serviceconnected disabilities in a timely fashion. Mr. Speaker, as we head into Veterans Day this upcoming weekend, I just want to take a moment of personal privilege and say what an honor it has been to serve on the VA Committee and chair the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, and I want to thank, especially, the chairman for that opportunity. It is humbling to know that in some small way I can do my part on behalf of the people of west Texas to serve those who put their lives on the line for all of us. Veterans represent the very best of what this country was built on: service before self. I say this because, at a time when our country’s culture and political environment seems so divided, the one thing that continues to bring us together as Americans is our servicemembers and veterans. When they raised their right hand and swore an oath to defend their fellow citizens, they did not care if we were from a red State or a blue State, Republican or Democrat. They did it for love of country and to protect not only their family and friends, but also the stranger whom they will never meet. That is why I am also very proud that, when we consider veterans legislation as we are doing today and tomorrow, we are doing the two most important things expected by all Americans: working together to solve problems, and delivering on our promise to the American people. I believe that the cumulative effect of commonsense measures such as the bill that we are considering today are helping to deliver on those promises. I want to thank Chairman ROE, again, and also House leadership on both sides for helping us bring this bill through our committee and to the floor. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, I would be remiss if I didn’t also thank the leadership of my ranking member, friend, and fellow west Texan, Mr. BETOO’ROURKE , in getting this bill introduced and to where it is today. I know that our fellow Americans would strongly agree with me that our veterans, especially our disabled veterans, deserve the very best services their country can provide, and this bill is another step towards doing just that. I urge all my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3562 requires the Department of Veterans Affairs to provide funding for home adaptations for severely disabled veterans within the Vocational, Rehabilitation, and Employment, or VR&E, program. Currently, VA provides severely disabled veterans assistance to lead a more independent life through the VR&E program, which can include help with adaptive housing. However, as their name suggests, VR&E counselors are primarily trained to provide vocational and employment assistance, and they do not necessarily have the expertise to provide the best guidance on adaptive housing. The agents and contractors who are part of VA’s Specially Adaptive Housing program, however, do have this expertise. The SAH program is specifically geared towards helping severely disabled veterans with adapting their homes to be equipped for independent living. Therefore, in order to better serve severely disabled veterans, this bill authorizes the SAH program to provide assistance to home adaptations for 
VR&Eeligible veterans. The amount of assistance would be capped at the same level of funding that is currently provided to SAHeligible veterans. This is a solution that puts the right VA employee in charge of assisting a disabled veteran to adapt their home. This will also reduce the workload on VR&E counselors, allowing them to spend more time helping veterans with employment services. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is the type of legislation that I am proud members of our committee continue to bring forward. While it is not as flashy as the GI Bill package we passed earlier this year or Care in the Community legislation we are working on later this week, this bill gets to the core of what this Congress should be about: making it easier for disabled veterans to receive the benefits they have earned. I commend Mr. ARRINGTON and Mr. O’ROURKE for looking at a challenge and working with the administration and veterans groups to craft this important bill. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3562. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3562, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3562. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
VA MANAGEMENT ALIGNMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1066) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report regarding the organizational structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1066 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Management Alignment Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 1066. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in just a few days, Americans will once again take time to remember and honor the sacrifices of the very few of our fellow Americans who have sworn a solemn oath to defend this great Nation. As an Army Medical Corps veteran myself, I am proud that, with the support of leadership and Members of both sides, we will pass a series of bills today and tomorrow that improve the delivery of healthcare and enhance the benefits available to America’s veterans. On our first bill, H.R. 1066, the VA Management Alignment Act, issues with the organization and management of the Veterans Health Administration and the Department of Veterans Affairs, in general, are nothing new. In 2015, the independent assessment found VA’s organizational structure to be unnecessarily complex, rampant with mistrust and risk aversion, confused about priorities and strategic direction, and hampered by a workforce that was losing motivation and a leadership team that was overwhelmed by crisis management. In 2016, the Commission on Care found VA to have one of the lowest organizational health scores in all of the Federal Government and lacking effective national policies and a rational organizational structure. Similar findings have been made by veterans, veterans service organizations, VA employees, the Government Accountability Office, the VA inspector general, and others in countless reports and testimony and stories over the last several years. They have also been common themes in the recent oversight hearings and site visits. In order to improve the care, benefits, and services that VA provides to our Nation’s veterans and increase accountability for poorperforming employees, VA must first clarify and rationalize the Department’s organizational structure and the roles, responsibilities, and lines of authority for supervisors, managers, and employees. H.R. 1066 would jumpstart that effort by requiring the VA to use the work the independent assessment, the Commission on Care, and others have already done to create a report on how the Department is to be structured—to include clearly defined roles and responsibilities of key leaders across all 
levels—and submit it to Congress for review. I am grateful to Representative KILMER for sponsoring this legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1066, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1066, the VA Management Alignment Act of 2017, as introduced by my colleague from Washington, the most excellent Representative, DEREK KILMER . His advocacy and hard work on behalf of veterans is commendable. This bipartisan measure will require the VA Secretary to report to Congress on the roles, responsibilities, and accountability of employees within VA. This oversight is sorely needed. Last Congress, in testimony before the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, the bipartisan cochairs of the Commission on Care both highlighted how little attention is paid to the VA’s human resources to ensure the Department is functioning efficiently. Representative KILMER ’s legislation will help lead to a VA that more effectively meets veterans’ needs. I have enjoyed working with Representative KILMER to advance this legislation through committee and truly appreciate his work on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ). b1645 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I believe that we have a responsibility to ensure that military veterans have access to the benefits and services that they have earned. These men and women have had our backs, and we need to have theirs. We can’t stand by as they endure challenges seeing doctors or getting treatment because of management failures and unnecessary bureaucratic barriers. Taxpayers have spent millions of dollars, tens of millions of dollars, to identify how the VA is broken and to identify opportunities to fix it. The Government Accountability Office has raised specific suggestions related to management issues, but, unfortunately, the VA has implemented few, if any, of these solutions, and that cannot stand. How can our Nation’s veterans expect to get what they have earned if the leaders and components of the VA are not expected to cooperate with one another? How can they expect to see medical providers if the VA cannot bring in or maintain talented medical professionals? The VA Management Alignment Act is a bipartisan effort to address these and other management problems that have real consequences on the delivery of care to our friends, our neighbors, and to our loved ones. Representative NEWHOUSE and I drafted this bill with input from the Government Accountability Office to bring an end to this disjointed and inefficient system. The bill would require the Secretary to outline the roles, responsibilities, and accountability measures of senior leaders and branches of the VA and to provide Congress with a series of legislative options to assist the Secretary in realizing positive change. The goal of this bill is to help Congress and the administration work together to fix these problems. The goal of this bill is to make sure veterans get the care and the benefits that they have earned. I would like to thank Chairman ROE and Ranking Member WALZ for their leadership and support in moving this bill forward. I would like to thank my colleague from California (Mr. TAKANO ) for his help as well. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation to help us align the VA into a system that can deliver on our Nation’s responsibilities to our military veterans. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1066, the VA Management Alignment Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1066. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
VETERANS CARE FINANCIAL PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3122) to protect individuals who are eligible for increased pension under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on the basis of need of regular aid and attendance from dishonest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3122 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Care Financial Protection Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3122, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3122, as amended, the Veterans Care Financial Protection Act. Mr. Speaker, VA offers an additional pension benefit called Aid and Attendance, or A&A, to some disabled or elderly veterans who need help with activities of daily living such as dressing or bathing. It may come as a shock to many Americans, but there are people out there who actually take advantage of elderly and disabled veterans by charging them money to help them apply for A&A benefits when the application process is free. If veterans need help 
filling out the application, veterans service organizations like The American Legion, Disabled American Veterans, VFW, and others will help, at no charge, even if the veteran is not a member of the organization. Unfortunately, there are many veterans who don’t know that the free help is available and, more importantly, that it is illegal to charge them a dime to file a claim. So some veterans may end up falling prey to these dishonest individuals. H.R. 3122 would help educate veterans and their families by requiring VA to post warnings on its website about scammers who actually take money from our Nation’s most vulnerable veterans for a service that should be free. The bill would also require GAO to conduct a study and submit a report to Congress on how to better protect vulnerable veterans from being taken advantage of. With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3122, as amended, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3122, as amended, the Veterans Care Financial Protection Act of 2017, and thank the bill’s sponsor, the congressman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ), for introducing it. Veterans who served during wartime, and their spouses, may be eligible to receive pension benefits if they meet certain income and other eligibility requirements. Such veterans and survivors may also be eligible for additional financial benefits, known as Aid and Attendance, if the applicant needs assistance performing personal functions required in everyday living such as bathing, feeding, and dressing. Now, VA does not charge veterans and their families to apply for Aid and Attendance benefits. In addition, veterans service organizations, such as The American Legion and VFW, offer free assistance to veterans and their families who wish to apply for this benefit. Yet, in all parts of the country, some individuals attempt to charge fees for helping veterans apply for Aid and Attendance benefits. According to organizations, such as AARP and the Federal Trade Commission, senior veterans have increasingly become subject to scams involving insurance agents and financial planners trying to convince veterans to make quick decisions about pursuing Aid and Attendance in addition to their pension incomes. Some scammers use false representations such as suggesting automatic entitlement to benefits. Of greater concern, though, are those who help the veteran restructure financial assets in order to qualify for pension and/or Aid and Attendance. For example, moving financial assets into a pooledasset irrevocable trust might render a veteran eligible for pension and Aid and Attendance, despite having assets in excess of the qualifying income thresholds. While it appears that this would benefit the veteran, what these salesmen do not tell them is that this type of restructuring might preclude them from Medicaid eligibility because of rules such as a 5year lookback period, which considers whether one has moved substantial assets at less than market value. H.R. 3122, as amended, would require that VA post warnings on its website about dishonest individuals who would charge fees to this very vulnerable group of veterans and their families to help beneficiaries apply for pension with Aid and Attendance benefits. Now, this bill would also require GAO to submit a report to Congress on the types of standards used by Federal and State agencies intended to protect vulnerable populations from financial exploitation, an analysis of the types of financial exploitation facing veterans who are eligible for Aid and Attendance benefits, and any other gaps and efforts to address these issues. H.R. 3122, the Veterans Care Financial Protection Act, enjoys broad bipartisan support in the House of Representatives as well as from our veterans service organizations. I want to also acknowledge the work of the Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Chairman MIKE BOSTand Ranking Member E LIZABETH  ESTYfor their efforts to protect veterans. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, with Veterans Day approaching rapidly, I find it particularly fitting that we raise this important issue today, an issue affecting our veterans that should concern all of us here in the Congress. As Americans, we enter into a moral covenant with our armed services, with the men and women warfighters that we send into harm’s way. It is a covenant that says: you do this for us, and we will take care of you when the time comes, when you need us. It is a covenant that our honoring is of paramount importance, and there is no one here in the people’s House who wants to turn his or her back on that covenant. As part of this enduring covenant and commitment to those who have served our Nation, the VA provides, as has been mentioned, a modest Aid and Attendance benefit to lowincome veterans in need of our support. It is a benefit that helps pay for assisted living and inhome personal care for veterans who qualify for VA pension and are homebound or require the aid and assistance of another person. Unfortunately, as Dr. ROEmentioned, a number of unscrupulous scam artists are out there taking advantage of this commitment and this benefit provided to our veterans. They abuse the VA system by deliberately misleading our veterans into thinking they have to pay application fees, into creating damaging irrevocable trusts, into paying extra fees for socalled expediting these applications when no such expediting is available, and for paying any fees at all when, as has been mentioned, the veterans service organizations do it for free. Practices such as these leave vulnerable, elderly veterans with few choices outside of draining their own remaining assets. My bill, the Veterans Care Financial Protection Act of 2017, is a bipartisan, commonsense approach that will direct Federal agencies to work with the States and outside experts to establish standards that will prevent this kind of exploitation of our veterans and protect them from dishonest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices relating to the A&A benefit, and it will require a report from the Government Accountability Office to conduct a study and report to Congress on how better to protect veterans from these scam artists. Mr. Speaker, we owe our veterans, who have made great sacrifices for all of us, the protection and benefits that they deserve, and, as such, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill. I want to thank the chairman of the VA committee, Dr. ROEfrom Tennessee; its ranking member, Mr. WALZ from Minnesota; and the entire Veterans’ Affairs Committee for taking up this bill. And I would also like to thank, over in the Senate, Senator WARREN , for her hard work on this bill in the Senate as well. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I want to associate my remarks to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ). He is absolutely 100 percent correct. To have a vulnerable veteran, an elderly veteran in need who served this country, maybe in World War II, Korea, Vietnam, and then to have them taken advantage of is incomprehensible to me. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and again, I strongly support H.R. 3122, as amended, and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this needed legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3656, as amended, which resolves an inconsistency in the eligibility for nonveteran spouses and children receiving memorial headstones. The legislation ensures a consistent applicability date for memorial headstones and markers for eligible nonveteran individuals whose remains are not available. Under current law, a surviving spouse who dies on or after November 11, 1998, is eligible for a headstone or marker. But for dependent children who pass away, the date of eligibility for a headstone or marker does not occur until December 22, 2006. This arbitrary difference causes situations in which VA can provide a marker for the parent, but not the dependent child. Clearly, this change would make it easier for surviving family members to make funeral and burial plans. H.R. 3656, as amended, is supported by the major veteran service organizations and enjoys bipartisan support in the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 3656, as amended, and I urge my colleagues in the House to do the same. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BANKS ), an active member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and a Navy veteran. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ROEfor his hard work on behalf of our veterans as chairman of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee. I am very proud to serve on that committee under his leadership. Mr. Speaker, because our veterans answered the call and served our country, we, in turn, must serve them and their families. This commitment extends to assisting them in medical recovery, in successfully transitioning to the civilian workforce, and, just as importantly, in properly memorializing their lives when they are gone. Current law provides memorial headstones for veterans and for their spouses and children when the remains of the deceased cannot be found. This can occur in unfortunate cases, such as a boating or a plane accident. Public Law 105–368 provides headstones for spouses, and it was enacted in 1998. Public Law 109–461 provides headstones for dependent children, and it was enacted in 2006. Both groups are eligible for this benefit as of the date of enactment. However, as has already been said, it is unfortunate that these two laws did not go into effect at the same time, potentially opening the door for a parent to receive this benefit, but not a child. Mr. Speaker, my bill, H.R. 3656, would amend title 38 of the United States Code to provide for a consistent eligibility date for spouses and dependent children. The date for both would be set at the current date for spouses: November 11, 1998. This bill is especially necessary for the few tragic cases in which a spouse and a dependent child both passed away in the same accident during a period when these two laws were not in sync. We need to correct this situation. My legislation is a practical fix to take care of our veterans and their families, and to keep our commitment to them. Therefore, I ask my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 3656. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. Again, I strongly support H.R. 3656, as amended, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this commonsense piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3656, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AUTHORIZING THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO PROVIDE HEADSTONES AND MARKERS FOR THE GRAVES OF SPOUSES AND CHILDREN OF VETERANS WHO ARE BURIED IN TRIBAL CEMETERIES Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3657) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide headstones and markers for the graves of spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3657 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ELIGIBILITY OF SPOUSES AND CHILDREN OF VETERANS BURIED IN TRIBAL CEMETERIES FOR CERTAIN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS BURIAL BENEFITS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3657, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3657, as amended. VA provides headstones and markers for the spouses or dependent children of veterans who are interred in a national or State veterans cemetery at no charge. But VA is not authorized to provide headstones or markers for spouses and dependent children who are interred in Tribal veterans cemeteries. That is not right. There is no reason that veterans and their families who are interred in Tribal veterans cemeteries shouldn’t receive the same benefits as those who decide to use national or State veterans cemeteries. H.R. 3657 would allow VA to provide headstones and markers for eligible family members who are interred in Tribal veterans cemeteries. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative POLIQUIN for introducing this bill. I know he has a special interest in this because his district includes a Tribal veterans cemetery. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3657, and ensure that veterans who choose to be interred in Tribal cemeteries are given the same recognition that we give to veterans who are interred in national or State veterans cemeteries. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3657, as amended, which would authorize VA to provide headstones and markers for the graves of spouses and children of veterans who are buried in Tribal cemeteries. VA currently provides a headstone or a marker for eligible spouses or dependent children who are buried or interred in a national, military post, or State veterans cemetery. However, spouses and dependents are not eligible for a governmentfurnished headstone or marker if they are buried in a private or Tribal cemetery. H.R. 3657, as amended, would resolve this inequity by ensuring that veterans’ spouses and children who are buried at Tribal veterans cemeteries are provided governmentfurnished headstones or markers, which would be the same treatment family members buried at national and State veterans cemeteries receive. H.R. 3657, as amended, enjoys broad, bipartisan support among the Members of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, and I wish to thank the bill’s sponsor, Representative BRUCE  POLIQUIN , for his sponsorship and the work of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee for bringing it to the floor. NativeAmerican veterans have earned, and deserve, the same rights, privileges, and honors that other veterans receive. For this reason, I strongly support H.R. 3657, as amended, and I urge my colleagues to join me. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ), my good friend and member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I am very grateful that the House will be voting on this commonsense piece of legislation tonight. I am very proud to represent the Houlton Band of the Maliseet Indians in Houlton, Maine, who created the first Tribal veterans cemetery not only in Maine, but also along the entire East Coast. This past summer, Mr. Speaker, I was very surprised to learn that family members of veterans buried at Tribal cemeteries are not provided the same treatment as those buried at State and national veterans cemeteries. H.R. 3657 fixes this issue permanently. Specifically, it would ensure that the family members of veterans who are buried at Tribal cemeteries—such as the Maliseet Indian Tribal cemetery in Houlton—are provided with governmentfurnished headstones, the same treatment as those buried at national and State veterans cemeteries. Mr. Speaker, we are all Americans. People who put on the uniform—whether a man or a woman, whoever they are, wherever they live, or whatever cemetery they are buried in—deserve the same respect, the same honor, and the same treatment. I am thrilled to tell everybody listening here that this moved out of committee—this commonsense fix—this bill moved out of committee with unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I am asking for that to happen tonight when it appears on the floor, and I am grateful for our chairman to bring this up tonight. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. Again, I strongly support H.R. 3657, as amended, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank both sides of the aisle for these great bills we are passing this afternoon. It may seem like a small bill to the American public, but to the individual that is affected—in Maine, or wherever it may be—this is a huge deal. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on the Democratic side for all of the work they have done on the committee in a bipartisan way. It is a great committee to work on. This is a very important week for all of us, as we go home this Friday to begin celebrating Veterans Day. Two very important days on the committee are Memorial Day and Veterans Day, to honor those who passed and those who are still with us. Mr. Speaker, I thank both the Republicans and the Democrats. We put that at the door’s edge, and this week we will be voting on some important pieces of legislation. We have seven more bills on the floor tomorrow. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for the support they have given our veterans in this country. I once again urge all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3657, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide certain burial benefits for spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MITCHELL ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 608 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 607. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MITCHELL ). The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 222, nays 169, answered ‘‘present’’ 3, not voting 38, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cleaver Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conyers Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent Deutch Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Green, Al Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Levin Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meng Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pascrell Pelosi Pingree Posey Reichert Richmond Roby Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Sa´nchez Sanford Scalise 
Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Takano Taylor Tiberi Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Vela Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Babin Barraga´n Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buck Budd Burgess Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Cheney Clarke (NY) Clyburn Coffman Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crist Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Dingell Duffy Esty (CT) Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Hartzler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Hunter Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight LaHood Lance Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Marchant Mast Matsui McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Mitchell Neal Noem Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita RosLehtinen Rosen Rouzer Ruiz Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smucker Soto Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Turner Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Woodall Yoder 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Bridenstine Clark (MA) Collins (GA) Delaney DesJarlais DiazBalart Dunn Garrett Gohmert Gowdy Granger Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Johnson, E. B. Jones Langevin Larsen (WA) Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean McNerney Meeks Messer Perlmutter Pocan Polis Quigley Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Thompson (MS) Thornberry Upton Valadao Visclosky Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1911 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be in Washington, DC. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 607, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 608, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 609. 
SUTHERLAND SPRINGS, TEXAS, SHOOTING (Mr. CUELLAR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that we rise today to address the American people. Yesterday morning, a gunman stormed into a church in Sutherland Springs, Texas, a small town of about 400 or 500 individuals, and brutally murdered 26 innocent lives, including at least 12 children, marking the worst shooting in Texas history. Today we grieve the horrific loss of dozens of innocent people. We pray for the victims’ families, who are grasping for answers with broken hearts. I have spoken personally with Wilson County Sheriff Joe Tackitt, County Commissioner Albert Gamez, and other citizens of that area to assist in any way that we can. In the coming hours and days, we will learn more about the victims of this tragedy, their names, their faces, their stories, the joy they brought their families and their friends. We are fully committed to helping Sutherland Springs recover from this senseless tragedy, and we ask every Member of Congress to join us to support this recovery. To the people of Sutherland Springs, I stand with you, we stand with you, the House of Representatives stands with you, and the people of the United States of America stand with you. May God bless all of you. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3043, HYDROPOWER POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3441, SAVE LOCAL BUSINESS ACT Mr. BYRNE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–391) on the resolution (H. Res. 607) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3043) to modernize hydropower policy, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3441) to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, November 3, 2017, I was unavoidably detained attending to representation duties in my district and was not present for rollcall votes 605 and 606. I would like to have reflected in the RECORD , on rollcall vote 605, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on the motion to recommit with instructions for H.R. 3922, the Community Health and Medical Professionals Improve Our Nation Act of 2017. On rollcall vote 606, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on the passage of H.R. 3922, the Community Health and Medical Professionals Improve Our Nation Act of 2017. On Friday, November 3, 2017, I was unavoidably detained attending to representation duties and was not present for Roll Call Votes 605 and 606. I ask the record to reflect that had I been present I would have voted as follows: 1. On rollcall 605, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ (On the Motion to Recommit with Instructions for H.R. 3922, the Community Health and Medical Professionals Improve Our Nation Act of 2017). 2. On Rollcall 606, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ (On Passage of H.R. 3922, the Community Health and Medical Professionals Improve Our Nation Act of 2017). 
b1915 EXTENDING TEMPORARY PROTECTED STATUS FOR CENTRAL AMERICANS AND HAITIANS (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, the lives of over 300,000 legal immigrants are at stake. Central Americans and Haitians, many of whom are my constituents, could be facing deportation if their temporary protected status, known as TPS, were to end. This vital program, signed into law by President George Herbert Walker Bush, has allowed individuals fleeing instability and chaos in their home countries to legally live and work here in the United States. Reports indicate that the administration is considering eliminating TPS for these populations, a decision that will have negative humanitarian, economic, and national security concerns, and that could undermine U.S. investment in the region. Mr. Speaker, as a longtime supporter of TPS, I urge the administration to continue to extend this program and provide a safe haven for Central Americans and Haitians unable to securely return to their home countries. My heart aches at the thought of massive deportations of good, hardworking people from my hometown. Mr. Speaker, TPS beneficiaries are important and integral members of our community, and it would be a mistake to turn our backs on them. 
DIVERSITY VISAS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, as Americans, we mourn for the lives lost in the act of terrorism in New York last week. But New Yorkers are resilient. Violence will never break their spirit, and in the Northeast corridor, business has continued as usual. Sadly, there are folks who want to use last week’s terrorist attack for their cynical political reasons. They don’t want to treat the root causes of extremism, whether based on racial resentment, twisted interpretations of religion, or political ideology. They do want to stoke fear in order to advance an antiimmigrant agenda, and they are trying to blame the Diversity Visa program for the violence. Americans are smarter than that. The Diversity Visa program strengthens the Nation by allowing people from places like Africa and the Caribbean to lawfully immigrate to the United States, where they help fill major shortages in the workforce and drive positive changes in their communities. We need them, and they need us. Let’s not sacrifice our national principles because of a trumped up fear of immigrants. 
CHRISTIAN PERSECUTION (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the world’s largest religion continues to be the world’s most persecuted religion. Christians are assaulted, murdered, harassed, and their homes and churches increasingly are destroyed. Recently, in Cairo, while Coptic Christian priest Father Rizkallah was collecting humanitarian aid, he was stabbed to death because he was a Christian. Now persecution has taken a new twist. While Islamic extremism continues its genocide on Christians and other different sects of Islam, governmentsponsored persecution is increasing worldwide. According to Open Doors, 9 of the top 10 countries where persecution exists have large Islam populations. But North Korea, the number one offender, is an atheist nation. Ethnic nationalism is also a major driver of persecution. Weak and/or totalitarian governments use Christians as scapegoats to keep a grip on power. Religious freedom is mentioned first in our First Amendment because it is the most important of all freedoms. It is a Godgiven right for all people of all religions. Americans should lead the way in worldwide religious freedom and in denouncing religious persecution of Christians. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the Open Doors USA Persecution of Christians Watch List. 
OPENDOORS USA P ERSECUTION OF  CHRISTIANS WATCH LIST2017 1. North Korea 2. Somalia 3. Afghanistan 4. Pakistan 5. Sudan 6. Syria 7. Iraq 8. Iran 9. Yemen 10. Eritrea f REPUBLICAN TAX PROPOSAL IS ANTILIFE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak against the Republican tax proposal to raise taxes on the middle class. Moreover, congressional Republicans claim to be prolife, but this tax bill takes a very different track. Republicans eliminate the tax deduction for medical expenses, which will crush millions of seniors and people with chronic illnesses. This is antilife, not prolife. Republicans eliminate credits for adoption of children, including disabled children. This is antilife, not prolife. Republicans eliminate incentives for employers to provide childcare assistance to employees. This is antilife, not prolife. Oh, yes. Republicans also eliminate the student loan interest deduction, making payments for college more expensive. They threw that in there, too. This is antifamily, antilife, not prolife for the next generation. Meanwhile, the six biggest Wall Street banks, as well as big pharmaceutical companies, will have their taxes reduced by billions. Excess is rewarded again as taxes are raised on the middle class. The vast majority of benefits will go to big corporations, pushing more jobs offshore. Multimillionaires are happily adding up their winnings. Trump, his billionaire buddies, and his heirs are laughing all the way to the bank. The Republican tax plan is immoral, unfair, and antilife. I urge my colleagues to scrap it. Life matters. 
RECOGNIZING RICHARD SYNEK, U.S. NAVY VETERAN AND FOUNDER OF FEED OUR VETERANS (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Richard Synek, a veteran of the United States Navy and founder of Feed Our Vets. Rich served in the Navy during the 1980s and was serving aboard the USS Peterson during combat operations against Libya in 1986. After his military service, Rich worked for the United States Postal Service, serving as postmaster for several local post offices. During his time as postmaster of the Vernon Center Post Office, Rich encountered a World War II veteran who could only afford to buy one stamp and food for half the month. After befriending this veteran, Rich bought him groceries so he and his wife could eat. Shortly after, Feed Our Veterans was formed. Since 2008, Feed Our Veterans has served over 20,000 veterans and their families, providing over 445,000 pounds of food for those in need. Our community is grateful to Rich for his service in the Navy, but especially for his continued compassionate service to our fellow veterans. f 
HUB OF HOPE (Mr. EVANS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, today I had the wonderful opportunity to join with a group of civic, business, and community leaders to introduce a new program in the city of Philadelphia called Hub of Hope. The brainchild of SEPTA and Project HOME, Hub of Hope is a new initiative to address homelessness in our city. According to the Department of Housing and Urban Development, more than 6,000 people are homeless in the city of Philadelphia, and 15,000 are homeless in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Ending homelessness requires a team effort on the city, State, and Federal level. I am committed to doing my part to ensure that people do not have to sleep on the streets and that their personal, physical security, and mental health needs are addressed in a comprehensive manner. I look forward to working with the people of SEPTA and Project HOME on the new Hub of Hope program. Hub of Hope is another tool in our toolbox to help move our middle neighborhoods forward. With tools like Hub of Hope in our toolbox, I know that, together, we can continue to work to build a stronger Philadelphia, block by block. 
MILK IS A CORNERSTONE OF STUDENTS’ SCHOOL LUNCH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about a cornerstone of a student school lunch: milk. Milk is the number one source of nine essential nutrients in the diet of many young Americans, and it provides significant health benefits. But over the past few years, milk consumption has been on the decline in school lunch programs. That is why, together with Representative JOECOURTNEY , I introduced the School Milk Nutrition Act of 2017. Our bill would ease unnecessary regulations preventing milk consumption 
in school lunch programs. The bipartisan bill recognizes the importance of milk to the health and wellbeing of school children. It also works to improve the variety and availability of milk offered in schools, which was supported by U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Sonny Purdue earlier this year. In May, Secretary Purdue directed USDA to begin the process of allowing schools to serve 1 percent flavored milk through the school meals program. When schoolchildren don’t drink milk, they are missing out on essential nutrients. I urge my colleagues to support this bill so another generation of children can fall in love with milk. 
EXTEND TEMPORARY PROTECTIVE STATUS FOR HAITIANS AND CENTRAL AMERICANS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am joining the Congressional Black Caucus to ask for an extension of the temporary protective status for Haitians. I am absolutely appalled that this government would deny this extension and only allow it for 6 months. Apparently, they are not aware of the scarcity of food in Haiti and the cholera epidemic. All of these challenges are continuing since 2011. Along with the Haitians, I understand that they have now taken away TPS from 300,000 Hondurans, Nicaraguans, and Salvadorans as well. This is an outrageous act, and it is important for them to act immediately. I also stand against the scam tax plan. The scam tax plan would, in fact, take away opportunities for Americans to have higher education, build the deficit way beyond one’s recognition, would not create jobs, would send jobs overseas, would allow for 80 percent of the benefits to go to the top 1 percent, and, frankly, would provide no benefits for middle class, hardworking Americans. This plan is not tax cuts and jobs; it is a tax scam with no jobs. I ask my colleagues to vote against this tax bill, and I ask this administration to do what is right and provide humanitarian relief and extend the TPS for Haitians and all others similarly situated for 18 months. 
RECONSTRUCTION OF THE SPILLWAY AT THE OROVILLE DAM (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, after the near disaster we had in Butte County, near Oroville, with the breakage of the spillway at Oroville Dam, I am very happy to congratulate the folks of Kiewit Construction, and so many others, on their reconstruction of the spillway, phase 1. We will have a working, viable spillway for this upcoming rainy season, if needed, due to the intense and incredible efforts to rebuild that project. If you had seen the size of, basically, the canyon that was carved out where the old spillway stood from having to release water to keep the lake level, in February, at a safe level, you would see how amazing it was, the work that was done in order to rebuild that spillway in its current phase. It will be able to handle 100,000 CFS and be able to keep the lake stable for the upcoming year. However, we do need to have balance in the process and have that lake be able to store enough water for California’s needs this coming year, because we will still have those needs in 2018, and not drain the lake all the way because of an overcautious thought process. So congratulations on a viable lake that works for all. f 
b1930 TEMPORARY PROTECTIVE STATUS AND OTHER ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands? There was no objection. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to anchor this CBC Special Order hour. The Congressional Black Caucus, under the leadership of the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. RICHMOND ), is committed to sharing with this Congress, as well as with the American people, the issues of great importance to the Caucus, to Congress, and to the constituents we represent. For this Special Order hour, at this time, we believe it is very and vitally important to discuss the temporary protective status of Haiti and other countries. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague, the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. LOVE), to discuss this very important issue. Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues at the CBC for the opportunity to speak at this Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, I traveled to Haiti to investigate sex trafficking, as part of my work on the Financial Services Committee’s Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance. While I was there, I had the opportunity to observe conditions as well as meet with leadership and the President. What I saw was a nation struggling to rebuild after the 2010 tragedy that hurt and rattled the nation with an earthquake, a cholera epidemic, and Hurricane Matthew. What I heard was the nation was not prepared for the tens of thousands of Haitians that were to return. Haitian TPS recipients contribute significantly to the United States’ economy and to the Haitian economy. As Haiti works not only to rebuild, but to rise itself out of poverty that has plagued it for years, I ask the White House to please take a moment to help our friends and allies in Haiti and to extend the temporary protective status. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman so very much for her moving words. I know that this is an issue that is very close to her heart, being of HaitianAmerican descent, and we are grateful for her leadership on this, being supportive of the letters to the President, letters to the Secretary of Homeland Security, and for her working in a bipartisan fashion to support the people of Haiti as well as other countries on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. RICHMOND ), the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus who is leading us in this discussion that is affecting the people of Haiti as well as other countries, along with the President’s tax plan and how it would affect those Americans who are the least of us and would have the most repercussions for that. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) for leading this Special Order and for the outstanding work that she has done as her island, the U.S. Virgin Islands, recovers from two devastating hurricanes. Being from New Orleans, I understand what two twin hurricanes can do. Hurricanes Katrina and Rita ravaged our city, our State, along with Mississippi, Texas, and the Gulf Coast. To be very candid, the people of the Virgin Islands, unfortunately, are doing this too much on their own. Part of what makes America exceptional, part of what makes us the greatest country in the world is that when we find our citizens in a vulnerable position, through no fault of their own, we come in as a government and we help. When you look at the Virgin Islands and the fact that the damage they have received is more than their capacity to rebuild, and it is through no fault of their own, it is Mother Nature. It is an act of God. Some would say it is global warming and climate change, but it doesn’t matter what caused it. What matters is the United States’ response to how we fix it. So when we start talking about our response to the Virgin Islands, it is a great segue into Haiti and temporary protective status. 
It was that 2010 earthquake that rendered Haiti in a position where they could no longer safely and adequately care for their citizens, and we allowed them to have temporary protective status in the United States. On May 24 of this year, the Department of Homeland Security redesignated Haiti for 6 months of temporary protective status rather than 18 months that the Government of Haiti, Haiti experts from the United States, the Congressional Black Caucus, and others requested. The fact is, the DHS designation didn’t reflect any of the reality on the ground. In fact, it ignored that there is great food scarcity, and it ignored the ongoing challenges posed by the unprecedented earthquake. We sent a letter November 3 asking once again to fully extend Haiti’s TPS designation for another 18 months. However, time and time again, unfortunately, it appears that this administration, through all of the rhetoric, has an inability to do right when right is needed, especially when we talk about vulnerable populations, especially when we talk about immigrants. It is too easy for this administration to turn a blind eye and ignore reallife needs. Now, there are some out there who could argue: Is this America’s issue? I would argue that it is absolutely America’s issue. First of all, not extending the TPS will have drastic consequences for the United States’ economy. That is why the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, national security experts, and the Catholic bishops have all come out in support of extending this vital program, because they know that these nations are in no condition to receive the 300,000 people that will be returned to them. They understand the public health crisis and the destabilization of the new government. In El Salvador and Honduras, the return of 250,000 people would strain government services and lead to job displacement in countries besieged by violence, drug trafficking, and weak institutions. So let me just clear it up for a lot of Americans sitting at home and asking: Well, why does this affect us? Thirty percent of TPS recipients are homeowners in the United States. So just think about the consequences of simultaneously dumping 60,000 mortgages on the U.S. housing market. Think about 13,000 mortgages in Texas, 5,000 mortgages in Florida, 4,100 in Virginia. The mass deportation alone will cost the taxpayers of this country more than $3 billion. Oftentimes, we find ourselves in this place, in this body arguing about the fiscal argument of things and talking about how it would affect our economy—which I just did—talking about how it would hurt the U.S. market in foreclosures and mortgages, and we give all of these examples of how this could bankrupt the United States. The bigger concern we have, and that this administration should have, is that this country is on the fast track to moral bankruptcy because we do not stand up when we are supposed to; we don’t call out wrong when we see it; and, too often, we turn our backs to injustice. That is not what this country is about. That is not what made this country great. So with that, I would just say that it is time for this country, this Congress, this administration, to do what is right simply because it is the right thing to do. It just so happens that the right thing to do this time has extreme economic benefits that go along with it. Tonight, you are going to hear from a number of our remarkable Congressional Black Caucus members who don’t just advocate for Black people. We advocate for people all across this country who are oftentimes voiceless, who can’t afford lobbyists, who don’t influence government, but people who just wake up every day, go to work, put food on their table, provide for their kids, and hope for a better future for their families. They hope that their parents can live out their lives with dignity and respect. They hope that their immediate family—that they can provide for their kids, and their kids can reach their wildest dreams. That is the American Dream. That is what we fight for. It is such a great privilege to be the chair of that Caucus. You will see in the next couple of seconds the talent and the passion of which this Caucus fights for, which is why I am so proud and humbled to lead this Caucus during this Congress. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his remarks. We are grateful and thankful and proud to have him as the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, particularly in the time period that were are in, because the energy and passion that he has for people of color and for all Americans is extremely evident. The fact that we are not having discussions that are based on emotion, but really based on facts, digging more into policy and the actual effects that those policies have on Americans and throughout this country, is something that is what I think this Congress should be driven by, rather than emotion or visceral reactions to actions that people have that take our eyes off of the things that we should be focused on. We are grateful that he is continually not moved by the shiny object that is in the room, but on the real breadandbutter issues that affect Americans. When he talks about the talent of the members of the CBC, part of that talent is in its grounding, in those members of the Congressional Black Caucus that have been engaged in this battle, in this struggle, in this fight, that have had this passion for many years. I am happy to yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), who has been at the forefront in fighting for people who have been underserved not only in this country, but around the world. It is through the work of this Member that individuals and countries in Africa have been able to receive the support from this country as this country was trying to pull it away in other parts of the world. We are grateful for her doing it in her own backyard in California, but also in those inner cities throughout this country and rural areas as she sits on the Appropriations Committee to support Americans throughout the country. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and also for organizing us here tonight and every week on the issues that are so important to this country. Her leadership, specifically, for the Virgin Islands, is truly commendable, and just know that we are doing everything we can do under her leadership to help her recover and rebuild. Mr. Speaker, I just have to say to our chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, Congressman RICHMOND , I have to thank him for his bold and his visionary leadership of the CBC. First, let me just take a moment to offer my deepest condolences to the family, friends, and community of those who lost loved ones in the senseless act of gun violence in Texas, my home State. We mourn their loss, we pray for the recovery of those injured, and we say once again that this House needs action on gun safety measures to save lives. Our thoughts and prayers are with them tonight. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the urgent need to preserve temporary protective status for immigrants fleeing famine, war, and violent conditions around the world, especially those countries from within the African diaspora who account for 10 percent of all TPS beneficiaries. Today, 440,000 individuals from 10 countries reside in the United States under temporary protective status because, as a nation, we have kept our commitment to being a beacon of hope and security for those in need. The TPS program grants immigrants the right to lawfully remain in the United States for 6 to 18 months. This longstanding practice has been honored for decades through Democratic and Republican administrations because, regardless of political affiliations as Americans, we have always stood for protecting the value of human life. Sadly, the Trump administration fails to grasp the lifesaving impact of this program. b1945 Just last month, the administration announced that it would terminate the TPS designation for Sudan, despite the ongoing humanitarian crisis in the region. In the coming days and weeks, Mr. Speaker, the Trump administration, unfortunately, will decide the fate of TPS holders from vulnerable countries including Honduras, Nicaragua, El Salvador, and Haiti. Let me be clear: failure to renew TPS status would mean 
deportation for over 300,000 individuals who are working and living in the United States. We also know that this issue disproportionately impacts immigrants from countries within the African diaspora. Take Haiti for example. After a devastating earthquake and horrific hurricane, there is an active cholera outbreak and protracted food security crisis. Letting TPS expire for this country would send 50,000 people back to uncertain fates. An influx of people of this size would further destabilize a fragile recovery. That is why I joined my colleagues in sending a letter to the Department of Homeland Security calling for a full 18month extension of Haiti’s TPS designation. In El Salvador and Honduras, the return of over 250,000 people would strain government services and lead to job displacement in countries besieged by violence, narcotics trafficking, and weak institutions. Unfortunately, this week, Secretary Tillerson falsely claimed that conditions on the ground no longer warrant TPS designation for these countries. How he came up with that, I have no idea. This is really a shame and a disgrace. That is why members of the Congressional Black Caucus are here tonight fighting for temporary protected status because we cannot turn our backs on our brothers and sisters in their time of need. TPS holders have families, they own businesses, and they contribute to this country in countless ways. At a time when devastating hurricanes and flooding ravages our neighbors in the Caribbean, the last thing that our government should be doing is turning its back on TPS holders. It is not only TPS holders that we are fighting for. We are also now recognizing, understanding, knowing, and making public—as everyone knows—that millions of undocumented youth are living in fear of deportation because this President and Republicans in Congress can’t muster the courage to do what is right. Our Nation has been and should continue to be a nation of immigrants. From TPS to DACA, deporting innocent young people who came to the United States to escape devastation and violence, or as a child, is not only wrong, it is really cruel, and it is heartless. So that is why we will continue to fight to protect undocumented youth as we work towards comprehensive immigration reform once and for all. Now we are going to say we are going to continue to fight to make sure temporary protective status is granted for the 300,000 immigrants. I want to thank Delegate PLASKETT for helping us to, once again, raise our voices, educate the public, and stay woke. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, as we give condolences to those individuals in Texas, of course, we would be remiss not to give condolences out to our colleague and one of the former chairs of the Congressional Black Caucus, EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , who has lost one of her siblings. We just want her to know that our prayers are with her and with her family as they grieve, and we are there for the gentlewoman throughout this mourning process and however she may need us. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. CLARKE ). The gentlewoman is my dear sister. She is a tireless champion of the issues of Caribbean people throughout the United States and throughout the world. Congresswoman YVETTE CLARKE  is not just from New York, but, in particular, Brooklyn. She knows how that is very dear to me having been a child of Brooklyn myself. Congresswoman CLARKE ’s work and all the efforts she has made in being one of the cochairs of the Caribbean Caucus, being the member at large of the Congressional Black Caucus, the work that the gentlewoman is doing, and she has really forged a partnership with the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus as well as MIALOVEto make sure that the issue regarding Haiti, regarding the Haitians, and the temporary protected status are here. It is because of the gentlewoman’s work that we are now having the Special Order hour and are continuing to push the pressure. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman to discuss with us, with the American people, with this Congress, and with the Speaker how we should be moving forward with the issues regarding the people of Haiti and how extending the temporary protected status is not only good for the Haitian economy, it is good for America as well. I thank the gentlewoman for leading us in this effort. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the U.S. Virgin Islands for her leadership on this matter, serving as cochair for the Caribbean Caucus, and being an outspoken advocate and fighter on behalf of the people of the U.S. Virgin Islands who are still reeling from the two hurricanes that wreaked havoc on the three islands of the U.S. Virgin Islands. I want to thank the gentlewoman for organizing us this evening and really moderating what we all have to say here today. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my concern for the more than 300,000 temporary protected status beneficiaries who are under attack from this administration. Temporary protected status was signed into law with bipartisan support by President George H. W. Bush as part of the Immigration Act of 1990. Since then, it has been used in roughly equal numbers by Democratic and Republican Presidents alike. This program is based on a simple idea that we can all agree upon: the idea that it is immoral to send someone back to a country suffering from famine, disease, war, or governmental collapse where they could reasonably expect to perish. Today, instead, we, as a society, decided long ago as a humanitarian gesture to extend ourselves as a safe haven and to temporarily allow such people the ability to lawfully remain in the United States for up to 18 months at a time and seek gainful employment as conditions in their home countries would improve. This is not citizenship, and this is not amnesty. Rather, it is a way of protecting human life while allowing eligible individuals from Haiti, Yemen, Honduras, Nicaragua, and numerous other countries across the world to earn wages for themselves and their loved ones abroad. Unfortunately, this administration’s antipathy toward immigrants—particularly immigrants of color—has found its way to some of the most vulnerable amongst us and threatens the existence of this commonsense program rooted in human decency and respect for life. This program of agreement is now being totally undermined with real lives hanging in the balance. For example, while it would seem obvious to extend Haiti’s temporary protected status in light of the catastrophic 2010 earthquake, subsequent cholera epidemic, food insecurity crisis, and the damage inflicted by Hurricanes Matthew, Irma, and Maria, this administration only extended Haiti’s status for 6 months in the month of May, while, at the same time, the administration insinuated that Haitian TPS recipients were criminals. The administration now appears ready to ignore the advice of Haiti experts in the United States and the request of the Haitian Ambassador by forcing some 50,000 Haitians to subject themselves to lifethreatening conditions in Haiti. This would not just be tragic for those forced to return, it would also be detrimental to Haiti’s economy which benefits significantly from the hardearned remittances that Haitian TPS beneficiaries send back to their loved ones. It is also no way to treat a neighbor that is located less than a 2hour flight away from American soil, the most impoverished nation of the Western Hemisphere. Indeed, such a decision would be cruel and unusual punishment. For this reason, I have worked with Congressman CEDRIC RICHMOND , chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, and my colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus in sending a letter to Acting DHS Secretary Elaine Duke, signed by the entire Congressional Black Caucus, requesting a full 18 month extension of Haiti’s TPS status. I also asked that Acting Secretary Duke take the Haitian Ambassador up on his invitation to visit Haiti and to see the conditions for herself. However, Haiti is not the only country that clearly merits an extension. Nearly 60,000 Hondurans and Nicaraguans currently await news of their fate, as will thousands of other immigrants from Africa, Asia, and the Middle East. 
While I hope that Acting Secretary Duke will do the right thing and make an evidencebased decision in light of the human cost to her actions, our experience teaches us that we must also prepare for the worst. Where this administration refuses to respect decades of bipartisan agreement, Congress must assert its constitutional powers and act to safeguard human life and American interests. I, therefore, call upon my congressional colleagues to come together and pass bipartisan legislation that will protect the hundreds of thousands of TPS beneficiaries from around the world—Black, brown, Asian and other—who are, at this moment, relying upon us for their very lives. Although we live in times of great division, now is the moment to come together and recommit to the basic values that unite us all. This country was founded upon the idea of human dignity, and TPS is yet another test of whether we will be true to that idea or fall painfully short. We must not fall short, but instead we must rise to the occasion. Mr. Speaker, TPS is something that falls within our purview to address. It is my sincere hope that we will address this impending crisis. When I think about Haitians who are living here, many who, at this stage, had children born in the United States, and many who are here during the most productive time of their lives when they can work because of their strength, their ability, and their intellect, it would be a travesty to begin separating families and to wrench from these individuals the opportunity to add value to our civil society while undergirding the nation of their birth, the nation that many hope to return to at the appropriate time by summarily excusing them from our civil society. Having said that, I, too, stand with my colleagues to extend on behalf of Chairman RICHMOND , the executive officers, and members of the CBC a heartfelt condolence in this season of bereavement to our dear colleague, Congresswoman EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON, on the loss of her sister. She remains in our prayers at this time. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the U.S. Virgin Islands, once again, for her leadership. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman very much for the insight she has given us into the conditions not only in Haiti but the responsibility we have as Americans to our near neighbor, to a neighbor which supported us during our own Revolution, and who was there for us at the inception of the United States. Haiti has been ravaged by so many natural disasters, and the benefit that we are receiving and the benefit that so much of Haiti is receiving from those individuals who are really industrious people here in the United States is just bar none. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Newark, New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ). Mr. DONALD PAYNE has worked tirelessly on behalf of so many people throughout the world as he sits on the Committees of Homeland Security as well as Transportation and Infrastructure where he works on issues related to developing and building. It has oversight in homeland security and over the issues that affect us. I am sure Congressman PAYNE has particular insight into how this temporary protected status would affect the people of Haiti and what it means to the security of this country to allow that temporary protected status to be continued from the gentleman’s perch on the Committee on Homeland Security. b2000 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands for her leadership on these issues. Right now, her focus has been on helping her country come to grips with the devastating hurricanes that have struck all the islands of the American Virgin Islands, and she has demonstrated great leadership in that endeavor. Also, on the whole issue around TPS, Ms. PLASKETT and Ms. C LARKE have been our true leaders in the diaspora around these issues, whether it be the Caribbean or back to the Continent of Africa. I just want to acknowledge their great work on all of these issues and also thank the gentlewoman for hosting tonight’s Special Order hour on protecting TPS recipients. Before I start on the topic at hand, I would like to send my condolences out to the loved ones of the 26 people tragically murdered and the 21 people injured in yesterday’s mass shooting in Texas. When will we realize that something must be done in this country? I have to ask: How much blood must be shed before Congress acts on gun control? It has been 10 years since Congress has passed a gun control law. Since then, more than 300,000 people have been killed by guns in this country. More than 100,000 of those deaths were homicides. The American people deserve better—much better. As the news cycle moves from one tragedy to another, we have not forgotten, and must not forget, that the citizens that Congresswoman STACEY  PLASKETT and Congresswoman JENNIFFER GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico represent are still recovering from this summer’s hurricanes. They, too, deserve swift action to help them recover from these devastating storms. That, Mr. Speaker, brings me to the topic of tonight’s Special Order hour. I want to start by dispelling the myth that the temporary protected status designation poses a threat to America’s security. The truth is that TPS holders are rigorously vetted before entering the country, and they go through stringent background checks before each TPS renewal. Mr. Speaker, the TPS designation is a part of our national character, and it must be protected. What do I mean by that? We are a compassionate people, aren’t we—a compassionate nation? The Americans I know are proud to live in a country that is free and prosperous enough to extend a helping hand to those in need. The TPS designation does just that. TPS is a helping hand that reaches out past our national borders to lift people out of the depths of despair brought on by natural disaster, violence, or turmoil. Yet the administration is reportedly planning to remove the TPS designation for nationals of several Latin American and Caribbean countries. This is really bad news for the United States. First, ending the TPS designation for nationals of Haiti, El Salvador, and Honduras will destabilize communities in the United States proper. TPS holders own small businesses. They pay taxes. They take out mortgages. They fill jobs that we rely on every day in construction; hospitality; restaurants; landscaping; and elder care, in particular. Ending TPS designations mean ripping people out of their communities and local economies. Businesses will shutter. Essential jobs, like disaster cleanup, will go unfilled. The national economy will suffer a $164 billion loss in gross domestic product. Without TPS holders from Haiti, El Salvador, and Honduras, New Jersey will lose $864 million from its GDP. My State cannot handle that burden. Second, ending TPS designations for Haiti, El Salvador, and Honduras will tear apart families of color. Many TPS holders have lawfully lived in the United States for more than a decade. They have established their families here. They are parents to 270,000 U.S. citizens. In New Jersey, 8,800 U.S. citizens were born to TPS holders from Haiti, El Salvador, and Honduras. Forcing TPS holders to leave the country means forcing them to leave their families. Hundreds of thousands of U.S. citizens will have to say good bye to their parents and grandparents. People will be forced to return to countries that are still suffering from the problems that led them to the TPS designation in the first place. Third, removing the TPS designation for nationals from Haiti, El Salvador, and Honduras will threaten security throughout Latin America and the Caribbean. These small countries are still suffering from disasters, public health crises, and political instability. The sudden influx of 300,000 additional people has the potential to destabilize national governments and threaten security throughout the region. Mr. Speaker, in 2015, 2016, and 2017, I led the effort to get the TPS designation for Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone. These countries were reeling from public health and infrastructure 
emergencies. They faced an existential threat from the Ebola virus, and the American people lent a helping hand by giving them temporary protected status. I have had no doubt that authorizing nationals from those West African countries to enter the United States saved lives; no doubt whatsoever. Mr. Speaker, we must not abandon our national character to the cynical call of ‘‘America first.’’ The TPS designation does not weaken us. It strengthens us by showing the world that the United States is morally worthy of its status as a superpower. Rolling back the TPS program is bad policy, it is bad politics, and it is immoral. If the United States turns its back on those in need, what have we the people become? Ms. PLASKETT. I thank the gentleman for the information that he has shared with us, and, more particularly, for causing us to reflect on who we are as Americans and what we stand for, and for reminding this Congress and this House how we have a responsibility to those in need, and that with greatness comes responsibility. Too whom much is given, much is required. That requirement goes particularly to our neighbors. We know that Haiti is, in fact, our neighbor. We have a responsibility to be there for them. I thank the gentleman for all that he is doing and how often he is here for the Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour to give us information and give us time to reflect. I am extremely appreciative of that. I thank the gentleman so much for all that he does for the Congressional Black Caucus, for his steady reliability in being there to support the issues that are important to the Caucus and to all of us as Americans. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida). The gentlewoman has 20 minutes remaining. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ). She may be new to this Congress—this is her first term, as a freshman—but she is not new to supporting issues that are important to the American people. In her time in Florida, having served as a public servant on the front lines for all of us and now here in the Congress, she is continuing that work. From her position on Homeland Security and particularly to border and maritime security, this is an issue that she has great insight into. I know that she has a large number of Haitians in her own community and recognize the productivity that they provide, the stability that they provide in the community, how embedded they are in that community. We are grateful for the gentlewoman being here in part of this Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour on the issue of temporary protected status for all countries—there are 30 countries and 300,000 individuals that have that— but, in particular, to the 50,000 Haitians who are living in this country during this time. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the Virgin Islands for her leadership on this issue and for making it a priority and giving it the urgency that those under TPS status deserve. Mr. Speaker, first of all, of course, I want to extend my condolences to the families whose loved ones were murdered in Sutherland Springs, Texas, while attending worship service. I also extend my condolences to my colleague from Texas, EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON , who is mourning the death of her sister. Mr. Speaker, after college—it was a lot of years ago, but I remember it like it was yesterday—I worked as a social worker, working with families in need of emergency services, in need of shelter, in need of food, and in need of medical care. I also worked with foster care children. Mr. Speaker, you may know that I also spent over 20 years as a law enforcement officer. As such, the preservation of human life was my number one priority. Saving lives was first. But then we also wanted to improve the quality of life for persons living and working in our community. Mr. Speaker, the quality of life matters also. That is what we are here to talk about tonight as Members of Congress: improving the quality of life for families who desperately need our help. Approximately 50,000 Haitians hold TPS status, and 32,500 of them live in Florida. 18,800 U.S.born children in Florida have Haitian parents who are TPS holders. How did we get here, Mr. Speaker? As you know, an earthquake—not planned, not expected—left thousands dead and resulted in the total collapse of PortauPrince’s infrastructure. A few years before the earthquake, I participated in a mission trip to Portau Prince, Haiti. We worked with children and families from a local church in PortauPrince, Haiti. That church was totally destroyed by the earthquake. The earthquake displaced 1.5 million Haitians within their own country, destroyed more than 100,000 homes, and damaged nearly 200,000 more. The number of schools that were destroyed in PortauPrince alone is unbelievable. Over 55,000 Haitians who lost their homes in the earthquake are still living in 31 camps for internally displaced persons, unable to leave. We are here tonight to talk about improving the quality of life for persons, for families, who desperately need our help. b2015 This crisis is not over. In April of this year, heavy rains caused flooding and landslides. According to the Haitian officials, an estimated 80 percent of spring harvest may have been destroyed. This crisis is not over. Since September of 2016, damage from Hurricane Matthew and recent rains have compounded food insecurity experienced by an estimated 3.2 million people in Haiti, not to mention the devastation caused by Irma and Hurricane Maria. Hurricane Matthew also exacerbated the food insecurity crisis that already existed, placing 2.4 million Haitians, 32 percent of the population, in the grips of an acute food insecurity crisis. Mr. Speaker, forcing the return of 50,000 people to Haiti would disrupt any meaningful effort to recover. As you know, in May, the Department of Homeland Security redesignated Haiti for 6 months of temporary protective status rather than the full 18 months requested by the Government of Haiti. DHS’ decision, obviously, did not reflect the reality on the ground. Regardless of how you might feel about the policy, TPS holders are perhaps the most vetted, legally present, and workauthorized community in our country. They have submitted to numerous criminal background checks every 18 months. Americans with temporary protective status are hardworking individuals who are contributing to our economy, our communities, and our industries. Just check the numbers. Mr. Speaker, the only strategic and humane decision is to fully extend Haiti’s TPS designation for 18 months by the November 23 deadline. Working to improve the quality of life for families who desperately need our help, that is the promise of America, and I pray that America keeps its promise. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. DEMINGS so much for that heartfelt appeal to the better senses of us, to the better angels within us as Americans, but, also, just speaking practicably about what this policy does not only for Haiti, but for us as Americans. You know, you hear stories about most people, how this affects them. We hear the larger numbers: 50,000 individuals from Haiti, 300,000 individual groupings from all other countries. We found out, a report just came out, that Nicaragua will only have 12 additional months for temporary protective status, while the conditions in Nicaragua have not changed. I heard a story about a woman, Joana Desir, one of the Haitians. On a recent day in Manhattan, the 32yearold home healthcare provider races in between patients. By midday, she has already helped transport one of her regular patients, a young girl with severe respiratory disease, to school and visited two senior patients in their home. It is a hard job, but she says it is rewarding. ‘‘Most of the immigrants that I know, they have a busy life like me,’’ she says. ‘‘I leave home like 5:45 a.m. and sometimes get home by like 9 p.m.’’ Joana came to the U.S. in 2018 and was still in the U.S. when a powerful 
earthquake struck Haiti in 2010. Hundreds of thousands were killed, and the Obama administration granted Haitians temporary protective status. They were shielded from deportation and given work permits. Critics say the temporary program for Haiti and others where disasters and wars took place decades ago has become permanent and amounts to a backdoor immigration policy. However, what we need to understand is what is still going on in Haiti right now. Why this also makes sense for us is that it is estimated by the think tank InterAmerican Dialogue that all Haitians abroad this year—this year alone, Mr. Speaker—will send home $2 billion in remittances to that country. That is nearly equal to Haiti’s annual operating budget, that $2 billion. The money that the Haitians that are living in the United States and sending back home is keeping that economy afloat. Without the money that the Haitians in the United States, in America, are providing, there would be a complete collapse in the country of Haiti, which would then create additional cataclysmic work that we, as Americans, would need. We talk about immigrants trying to come into this country. We talk about the collapse of infrastructure, the collapse of an economy that will happen if the Haitians who are still living here in the United States under temporary protective status with jobs are caused to leave. On May 24, the Department of Homeland Security redesignated Haiti for 6 months of temporary protective status rather than the full 18 months. It is important to understand that, because of that smaller amount of time, Haitians still have to apply. It costs almost $2,000 to apply for an extension of a visa. These people are in flux as to whether or not they should continue to apply. In a letter sent on Friday, November 3, the Congressional Black Caucus urged the Department of Homeland Security once again to fully extend Haiti’s TPS designation for 18 months by the November 23 deadline in light of the aforementioned conditions in Haiti, as well as the damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria, which has exacerbated these conditions. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  that letter from the Congressional Black Caucus for others to see. 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS , November 3, 2017. Hon. ELAINE C. D UKE, Secretary, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEARACTING SECRETARY DUKE: On May 24, the Department of Homeland Security re designated Haiti for 6 months of Temporary Protected Status, rather than the full 18 months requested by the Government of Haiti, Haiti experts in the United States, the Congressional Black Caucus, and others. This decision was against the weight of the facts on the ground, which included Haiti’s food scarcity crisis, cholera epidemic, and the ongoing challenges posed by the unprecedented 2010 earthquake. We write again to encourage DHS to fully extend Haiti’s TPS designation for 18 months by the November 23 deadline in light of the clear conditions that justify such continued treatment, including the damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria, which has exacerbated these conditions. As recently as October 4, 2017, the Haitian Ambassador to the United States wrote to you to formally request a full 18month re designation in light of the ongoing economic and humanitarian conditions that Haiti’s citizens face each day. In that letter, the Ambassador explicitly stated that the goal of this request was to allow Haiti to recover from the effects of the earthquake, cholera epidemic, and Hurricanes Matthew, Irma, and Maria so as to continue with Haiti’s recovery efforts and to become more independent of American assistance in the long term. The Ambassador also graciously invited you to visit Haiti and see such conditions for yourself. A government does not undertake such action lightly and this request should merit considerable weight. A recent independent statutory analysis of Haiti’s qualification for TPS confirmed the validity of the government’s concerns, finding that the conditions that justified Haiti’s 2011 redesignation remain. The analysis found that nearly 40,000 Haitians uprooted by the 2010 earthquake are officially displaced and that many more likely remain unofficially displaced in dangerously inadequate shelters. The cholera epidemic that was tragically caused by international efforts to aid Haiti in 2010 more than doubled following Hurricane Matthew and is expected to directly affect more than 30,000 people by the end of 2017. Hurricane Matthew also exacerbated the food insecurity crisis in Haiti, placing 2.4 million Haitians—22 percent of its population—in the grips of an acute food insecurity crisis. Based on these clear facts, the analysis rightfully concluded that it is in the best interest of Haiti and the United States to redesignate Haiti for another 18 months of TPS because it continues to face extraordinary and temporary conditions stemming from the 2010 earthquake and worsened by subsequent events that justify such relief. Despite these serious challenges, the Haitian government has been working diligently for years to improve its economy, public health conditions, and infrastructure in coordination with the United States government and international community. In order to accomplish this task, Haiti relies in large part on remittances that its citizens receive from TPS beneficiaries in the United States. Therefore, the negative consequences of terminating Haiti’s TPS designation would be twofold. It would end essential remittances that significantly contribute to Haiti’s recovery while also forcing the poorest republic in the Western Hemisphere to absorb the cost of reintegrating thousands of citizens all at once. Such actions could be catastrophic to Haiti’s recovery efforts and run counter to Congressional efforts to improve American relations in the region through the recentlypassed United StatesCaribbean Strategic Engagement Act (Public Law 114– 291). Finally, it is essential to note that Haitian TPS beneficiaries directly contribute to the United States. They pay taxes, spend money, contribute to Social Security and Medicare, and help promote American prosperity in numerous sectors, such as the restaurant and food service, construction, and hospitality industries. About 30 percent of TPS beneficiaries are homeowners, stimulating the real estate industry and contributing to the local property tax base. Also, one in nine TPS beneficiaries in the labor force is self employed, meaning they not only create jobs for themselves, but likely create jobs for others. A recent report found ‘‘that the expiration of Haitian TPS would cost America $2.8 billion over a decade in lost gross domestic product. For these reasons, we urge you in the strongest terms to take advantage of the full amount of time granted by Congress to study the conditions on the ground and reach the only appropriate decision—a full 18month redesignation of Haiti’s TPS designation. Sincerely, Cedric L. Richmond, Chair, Congressional Black Caucus; Yvette D. Clarke, Chair, CBC Immigration Working Group; Cory Booker, U.S. Senator; Kamala D. Harris, U.S. Senator; John Conyers, Jr., Member of Congress; John Lewis, Member of Congress; Eleanor Holmes Norton, Member of Congress; Maxine Waters, Member of Congress; Sanford D. Bishop, Jr., Member of Congress; James E. Clyburn, Member of Congress; Alcee L. Hastings, Member of Congress; Eddie Bernice Johnson, Member of Congress; Bobby L. Rush, Member of Congress; Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott, Member of Congress; Bennie G. Thompson, Member of Congress; Sheila Jackson Lee, Member of Congress; Elijah E. Cummings, Member of Congress. Danny K. Davis, Member of Congress; Gregory W. Meeks, Member of Congress; Barbara Lee, Member of Congress; Wm. Lacy Clay, Jr., Member of Congress; David Scott, Member of Congress; G.K. Butterfield, Member of Congress; Emanuel Cleaver II, Member of Congress; Al Green, Member of Congress; Gwen S. Moore, Member of Congress; Keith Ellison, Member of Congress; Hank Johnson, Member of Congress; Andre Carson, Member of Congress; Marcia L. Fudge, Member of Congress; Karen Bass, Member of Congress; Terri A. Sewell, Member of Congress; Frederica Wilson, Member of Congress; Donald M. Payne, Jr., Member of Congress. Joyce Beatty, Member of Congress; Hakeem Jeffries, Member of Congress; Marc Veasey, Member of Congress; Robin Kelly, Member of Congress; Alma Adams, Member of Congress; Brenda Lawrence, Member of Congress; Mia Love, Member of Congress; Stacey Plaskett, Member of Congress; Bonnie Watson Coleman, Member of Congress; Dwight Evans, Member of Congress; Lisa Blunt Rochester, Member of Congress; Anthony Brown, Member of Congress; Val Butler Demings, Member of Congress; Al Lawson, Member of Congress; A. Donald McEachin, Member of Congress. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, in that letter, which is signed by all of the members of the Congressional Black Caucus, who are members in both the Democratic as well as Republican caucus, Members in the House as well as the Senate, we urge Secretary Duke that the Ambassador to Haiti has explicitly stated that the goal of the request was to allow Haiti to recover from the effects of the earthquake, a cholera epidemic, and Hurricanes Matthew, Irma, and Maria. Matthew struck Haiti in 2016 of last year. Of course you are aware of Irma and Maria. We Americans, unbeknownst to ourselves and the work 
that we have done, also exacerbated food insecurity in Haiti by placing individuals, causing the cholera epidemic that is there. Unbeknownst to ourselves, when we came there to give support to Haiti, we Americans brought the cholera epidemic that is now ravaging Haiti and has taken about 10,000 people. Additionally, Hurricane Matthew exacerbated the food insecurity crisis in Haiti, placing 2.4 million Haitians, 22 percent of the population, in the grips of an acute food security crisis. I have many Haitians who are in my community in the U.S. Virgin Islands, and we count them as some of our hardest workers, and we recognize the impact that sending so many of these people back would have not only on the loss of jobs here and the work that those individuals are doing in the United States, but on the economy of Haiti itself. There is no infrastructure that will support the 50,000 people going back to Haiti at this time, and that economy will probably completely collapse without the remittances that the Haitians who are living in the United States would be able to bring to that country. Therefore, the negative consequences of terminating Haiti’s TPS designation would be twofold: such actions would be catastrophic to Haiti’s recovery efforts and run counter to congressional efforts to improve American relations in the region through the recently passed United StatesCaribbean Strategic Engagement Act, Public Law 114– 291. So the 300,000 Honduran, Nicaraguan, Haitian, and Salvadoran immigrants await a mass deportation decision on temporary protective status, and we are requesting—we are urging, Mr. Speaker—that this Congress would continue to urge the Department of Homeland Security, and use our own powers, to ensure the safety of those individuals, ensure the safety of the stability of the economies of our near neighbors, of Honduras, Nicaragua, Haiti, and El Salvador, and urge the U.S. Department of Homeland Security for their protections not to expire and not to put these people into difficult choices of returning to countries that still face many of the same extraordinary conditions that led to the initial grant of TPS or remaining in the United States without lawful immigrant status. We believe that this is the right thing to do, that this Congress wants to do the right thing, that the Trump administration’s 2018 proposed budget cut, budget request to Congress, for example, proposes to reduce foreign aid to Latin America and the Caribbean to levels not seen since 2001. Because of that, the remittances of these individuals is even more important. Remittances from the United States to El Salvador equal $4 billion; Honduras, $3.3 billion; to Haiti, almost $2 billion. Using GDP estimates from the World Bank, remittances make up more than 15 percent of the GDP for El Salvador, Honduras, and Haiti. Therefore, if we are going to reduce the budget in terms of foreign aid to these countries, it is important that we do not allow the collapse of these countries. It will not only bring economic collapse, but we know it is very likely to bring political anarchy and political disruption, as well, to countries that are instable as they are, countries where we are looking to bring stable democratic governments. Ensuring that individuals are allowed to stay here in this country and provide those remittances, provide the support that is necessary to grow those economies, embed democratic ideals, will be most beneficial to us and to ensure the stability of the Western Hemisphere at this time. Mr. Speaker, this is an imperative that is important to this country, imperative to the United States, and we are grateful that we have had this time to share this information with you, with the American people, with this Congress. We are urging our colleagues, urging Members of this Congress, to work with members of the Congressional Black Caucus, individuals you have heard tonight, MIALOVE, CEDRIC  RICHMOND , Y VETTE CLARKE , D ONALD  PAYNE , VALDEMINGS , BARBARA LEE, all the members of the Congressional Black Caucus and others who urge that this support be enacted not only by the Department of Homeland Security, but by this Congress. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House Committees on the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committee, I rise today to express my strong objection to the announced intention by the Trump Administration not to extend Temporary Protected Status (TPS) for Haiti, Honduras, and El Salvador. On May 24, 2017, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) redesignated Haiti for 6 months of Temporary Protected Status (TPS), rather than the full 18 months requested by the Government of Haiti, Haiti experts in the United States, and the Congressional Black Caucus, among others. DHS’ decision did not reflect the realities on the ground in Haiti, which include Haiti’s food scarcity crisis, cholera epidemic, and the ongoing challenges posed by the unprecedented 2010 earthquake. In a letter sent this past Friday, November 3, 2017, the Congressional Black Caucus urged DHS, once again, to fully extend Haiti’s TPS designation for 18 months by the November 23, 2017 deadline in light of the aforementioned conditions in Haiti, as well as the exarcerbated damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria. In a report published in October 2017, the highly regarded Global Justice Clinic concluded that conditions justifying Haiti’s qualification for TPS in 2011 remain as acute today as they were then. The study also found that 40,000 Haitians uprooted by the 2010 earthquake are officially displaced and that many more likely remain unofficially displaced in dangerously inadequate shelters. The cholera epidemic that was tragically caused by international efforts to aid Haiti in 2010 more than doubled following Hurricane Matthew and is expected to directly affect more than 30,000 people by the end of 2017. Hurricane Matthew also exacerbated the food insecurity crisis in Haiti, placing 2.4 million Haitians—22 percent of its population—in the grips of an acute food insecurity crisis. The Haitian government has been working diligently for years to improve its economy, public health conditions, and infrastructure in coordination with the United States government and international community. In order to accomplish this task, Haiti relies in large part on remittances that its citizens receive from TPS beneficiaries in the United States. Therefore, the negative consequences of terminating Haiti’s TPS designation would be twofold. It would end essential remittances that significantly contribute to Haiti’s recovery while also forcing the poorest republic in the Western Hemisphere to absorb the cost of reintegrating thousands of citizens all at once. Such actions could be catastrophic to Haiti’s recovery efforts and run counter to Congressional efforts to improve American relations in the region through the recentlypassed United StatesCaribbean Strategic Engagement Act (Public Law 114–291). Finally, it is essential to note that Haitian TPS beneficiaries directly contribute to the United States. They pay taxes, spend money, contribute to Social Security and Medicare, and help promote American prosperity in numerous sectors, such as the restaurant and food service, construction, and hospitality industries. About 30 percent of TPS beneficiaries are homeowners, stimulating the real estate industry and contributing to the local property tax base. Also, one in nine TPS beneficiaries in the labor force is selfemployed, meaning they not only create jobs for themselves, but also create jobs for others. A recent report found that the expiration of Haitian TPS would cost the United States economy more $2.8 billion over a decade in lost gross domestic product. Mr. Speaker, we need to be both smart and compassionate when it comes to extending TPS for Haiti. The compassionate thing to do is extend TPS for Haiti. But just as important, extending TPS for Haiti is the smart thing to do because it strengthens the American economy and advances the national interests of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I also join my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus in drawing attention to the Republican Leadership’s latest plan to hurt the American taxpayers, especially those who did not support the President during the election. The Republican tax cut would result in the biggest increase in the deficit by any President in the history of the United States, likely growing it by the annual sum of $1 trillion from now on. Some may wonder if the President would stoop to punishing people because they did not vote for him—I would point them to the Republican Tax Proposal and say the answer is found in the 429 pages of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. 
Americans who send their children to private school will be able to do so—at the expense of taxpayers who send their children to public schools courtesy of the Republican tax cut plan. The Republican Tax plan amends Title 26 of the United States Code § 529 that deals with Qualified tuition programs. The Code was intended to encourage persons to attain higher education and provide incentives for persons who pursue doctorates. Most people know that going back to school to obtain a degree is a difficult choice to make with full time jobs and family obligations. Having a degree can substantially increase income and provide choices that would otherwise be unattainable to the recipient of advanced degrees. The benefit to the economy and our nation’s leadership in the sciences rests with the number of people who attain undergraduate and graduate degrees. The Republicans have gone into this section 529 of the tax code and extended the tax writeoffs to those sending their children to K– 12 private schools. Other ways the Republican Tax bill hurts taxpayers who pursue college educations for themselves or their children. Repeal of Lifetime Learning Credit; Repeal of the Student Loan Interest Deduction; Repeal of the qualified tuition reduction; Repeal of educational assistance program; Termination of private activity bonds; and, Creation of a new excise tax on endowments at private colleges and universities. The Republican leadership of the House is also causing problems for private sector investments in Colleges and Universities. The tax bill threatens tax write offs for donations to colleges and universities and will limit tax credits associated with universityindustry partnerships. The Republicans claim that their Child Tax Credit proposal would help working families, but it simply does not do enough. The House tax plan proposes a nonrefundable $600 increase in the Child Tax Credit (CTC), and would make more families earning six figures eligible to claim the CTC. This proposal wouldn’t help the women who need it most. In addition, whatever benefits this CTC proposal would provide pales in comparison to those that would be received by the wealthy and corporations under this tax plan. The bill cuts taxes for major corporations who already pay far less than their fair share. Republicans claim that economic growth will more than pay for the lost revenue but we’ve tried this before. When trickledown economics fails again and this bill explodes the nation’s deficit, Republicans will call for huge spending cuts to critical programs that hardworking Americans depend on to make ends meet. The plan’s negative impact on the Lone Star state would be particularly hard. Independent analyses show the Republican plan would actually raise taxes on about 1.5 million Texas households, or 12.4 percent of households next year. On average, families earning up to $86,000 annually would see a $794.00 increase in their tax liability, a significant burden on families struggling to afford child care and balance their checkbook. According to the IRS, 23 percent of tax filers, or 2.8 million Texas households, deduct their state and local taxes with an average deduction of $7,823 in 2015. The RyanMcConnell plan eliminates this deduction, which would lower home values and put pressure on states and towns to collect revenues they depend on to fund schools, roads, and vital public resources. Placing further strains on middleclass Texans is the elimination of the personal exemption, which deducts $4,050 for each taxpayer and dependent on a return from taxable income. In 2015, roughly 9.3 million dependent exemptions were claimed in the Lone Star State. The GOP’s reckless and irresponsible tax plan is made all the more obscene by its disproportionate and immoral handouts to the wealthiest few. According to the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, millionaires in Texas, 0.31 percent of filers in 2015 would receive almost 57 percent of the benefits from the tax plan. Texans deserve a tax plan that puts working and middle class families first, not more deficitexploding tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires. We need bipartisan tax reform that creates jobs, fuels economic growth, and puts more money into the pockets of hardworking American families. A recent Pew Research Center report found little support for cutting taxes for highincome households, which is defined as more than $250,000 or large businesses and corporations. In fact, 43 percent favored raising taxes on highincome households and 52 percent said corporate taxes should be raised. The Republicans persist with their scheme of raising taxes on hardworking middle class families to pay for tax cuts for the rich. It is reckless to explode our deficit which according to the Tax Policy Center, would skyrocket by $2.4 trillion over the first decade. The wealthy must pay their fair share, but the GOP tax scheme offers them a free lunch at the expense of those who are most in need of a helping hand. The power of the purse rests with the House of Representatives and it is our job to make sure that the American People are treated fairly. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. UPTON (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for November 2 through today on account of a family commitment. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. Mr. HASTINGS (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and November 7. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today through November 9 on account of death in family. Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, November 7, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3122. A bill to protect individuals who are eligible for increased pension under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on the basis of 
need of regular aid and attendance from dishonest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–385). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3562. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adoptions of residences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–386). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3656. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligibility date for provision of Department of Veterans Affairs memorial headstones and markers for eligible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are unavailable; with an amendment (Rept. 115–387). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3657. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide headstones and markers for the graves of spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries; with amendments (Rept. 115–388). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 1066. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report regarding the organizational structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–389). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 918. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish mental health care to certain former members of the Armed Forces who are not otherwise eligible to receive such care, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–390). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 607. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3043) to modernize hydropower policy, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3441) to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (Rept. 115–391). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 2148. A bill to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to clarify capital requirements for certain acquisition, development, or construction loans; with amendments (Rept. 115–392). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself, Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Ms. KAPTUR , and Mrs. COMSTOCK ): H.R. 4254. A bill to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 4255. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude corporations operating prisons from the definition of taxable REIT subsidiary; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself, Mr. TONKO , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. SMITH of New Jersey): H.R. 4256. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. STEWART (for himself and Mr. POLIS): H.R. 4257. A bill to maximize land management efficiencies, promote land conservation, generate education funding, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself and Mr. CLEAVER ): H.R. 4258. A bill to promote the development of local strategies to coordinate use of assistance under sections 8 and 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 with public and private resources, to enable eligible families to achieve economic independence and selfsufficiency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 4259. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants for naloxone rescue kits in public libraries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. EVANS , and Mr. M CEACHIN ): H.R. 4260. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish a new tax credit and grant program to stimulate investment and healthy nutrition options in food deserts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota, Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. L OVE, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. FITZPATRICK ): H.R. 4261. A bill to improve public safety, accountability, transparency, and respect for federalism in Federal criminal law by applying evidencebased reforms already made by some States, and reinvesting the resulting savings from doing so in additional evidence based criminal justice strategies that are proven to reduce recidivism and crime, and the burden of the criminal justice system on the taxpayer; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 4262. A bill to authorize members and former members of the uniformed services who are entitled to veterans disability compensation to continue to participate in the Thrift Savings Plan through the deduction and deposit of a percentage of their veterans disability compensation to the Thrift Savings Fund; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
144. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Michigan, relative to Senate Resolution No. 73, to memorialize the United States Congress to do all it can to support atomic veterans, their spouses, and dependents in receiving medical care and disability compensation; which was referred to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 4254. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 4255. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 related to the Congress’ authority to lay and collect taxes By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 4256. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 4257. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Tenth Amendment, United States Constitution Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States) By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4258. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 4259. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Section 8 By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 4260. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To Make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer therof. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 4261. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 4262. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 66: Mr. L UETKEMEYER . H.R. 113: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Mr. NEAL. H.R. 173: Ms. MENG, Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 176: Mr. CARTER of Texas and Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 233: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 392: Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, and Mr. D UNN. H.R. 432: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 444: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 459: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 545: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 564: Mr. ISSA. H.R. 747: Mr. HILL. H.R. 754: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 785: Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 788: Mr. BIGGS. H.R. 792: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 801: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 828: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 904: Ms. MENG. H.R. 908: Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 918: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa and Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 1057: Mr. HECK, Mr. G IANFORTE , and Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1098: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 1100: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1143: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1148: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 1164: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 1178: Mr. JORDAN and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 1200: Mr. BUDD. H.R. 1243: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 1276: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 1279: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 1374: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 1380: Mr. HECKand Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 1406: Ms. DELAURO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. NEAL, and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 1456: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, and Ms. F RANKEL of Flor ida. H.R. 1552: Mr. HOLDING . H.R. 1592: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 1606: Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 1661: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 1675: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 1676: Mr. SMITH of Washington, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. SIRES, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, and Mr. POLIS. H.R. 1733: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 1784: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1861: Mr. HURDand Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 1865: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 1896: Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 1943: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 1953: Mr. VELA. H.R. 1976: Mr. BIGGS. H.R. 2092: Mr. MEEHAN and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 2123: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. M ESSER , Ms. SHEAPORTER , and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 2180: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 2198: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 2320: Mr. GOMEZ . H.R. 2340: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 2345: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 2366: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 2452: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. F ORTEN BERRY . H.R. 2601: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 2643: Mr. SENSENBRENNER and Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 2790: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Mr. NEAL. H.R. 2862: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 3030: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 3079: Ms. ESHOO and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 3117: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 3127: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3128: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3222: Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 3254: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 3316: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3320: Mr. BACON . H.R. 3380: Mr. POCAN , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3391: Ms. NORTON and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3497: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 3596: Mr. POSEY , Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH  and Mr. YOHO. H.R. 3634: Mr. MESSER and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 3642: Mr. DELANEY , Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 3705: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 3831: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 3832: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 3848: Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 3854: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 3881: Mr. LIPINSKI , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. RENACCI , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. S CHNEIDER . H.R. 3887: Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. O LSON and Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3897: Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. T URNER , Mr. LAMBORN , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. A RRINGTON , Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. B ISHOP  of Utah. H.R. 3949: Ms. SINEMA and Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3966: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3989: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 3997: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4007: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 4022: Mr. STIVERS , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4030: Ms. KAPTUR and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 4044: Mr. PALAZZO , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. MITCHELL , Mr. K ING of New York, Mr. LAHOOD, and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 4067: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 4073: Mr. PERLMUTTER and Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 4082: Mr. LEVIN and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4114: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4120: Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 4121: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 4131: Mr. BURGESS and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 4143: Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. B ARR, Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali fornia, and Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 4173: Mr. ROKITA , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Ms. SINEMA , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4184: Ms. CLARKE of New York and Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 4187: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 4198: Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. RUIZ, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. CORREA , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. S OTO, Mrs. TORRES , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4239: Mr. GOSAR , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 4240: Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. P OLIS, Ms. R OSEN , Mr. COOPER , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. R USH, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. ESHOO , Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 4243: Mr. BILIRAKIS and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 4250: Mr. WELCH , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4253: Mr. SUOZZI and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.J. Res. 53: Mr. PANETTA . H. Con. Res. 80: Mrs. WAGNER . H. Res. 129: Mrs. HANDEL and Mr. L ARSEN  of Washington. H. Res. 142: Ms. HANABUSA . H. Res. 252: Mr. TROTT , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. MOOLENAAR . H. Res. 282: Ms. BORDALLO . H. Res. 401: Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H. Res. 493: Miss RICEof New York. H. Res. 495: Ms. LOFGREN . H. Res. 528: Mr. O’ROURKE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Ms. LOFGREN . H. Res. 532: Mr. BABIN. H. Res. 584: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia and Ms. SLAUGHTER . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7005 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 2017 No. 180 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by 