Mr. BLUMENAUER. Madam Speaker, what if the headline in the morning paper was slightly different? What if we had a disease that had killed 59 peo-ple yesterday and sickened over 500 others? Do you think the Nation would demand action? If we had an outbreak every day that had over 100,000 people a year killed and injured, Congress would be in a frenzy. Yesterday, we found 2 minutes for a moment of silence, and we moved on. Gun violence is a public health haz-ard every bit as important as any other disease or outbreak. Ours is the only developed country in the world that cannot protect our families from death and injury from guns on a massive scale. After years of frustration in Congress and another school shooting in my dis-trict, I sat down with my constituents to go through, what are the things that we can do that would make a dif-ference? We understood that you cannot com-pletely stop evil people. There is not a statute that is foolproof, but our stat-utes are filled with efforts to try to make things better. Let’s stop dealing with gun violence as a political issue and think about it as the public health epidemic that it is, already claiming over 12,000 lives in the United States this year. We attacked auto death and safety in a resolute fashion. It didn’t happen overnight that we made automobiles safer and our highways less dangerous, but we stayed at it with law enforce-ment, with engineering, and with re-search, and we cut the rate of death over half. We are starting now to deal with massive addiction and overdose as a medical condition that requires treat-ment, not just law enforcement with harsh punishment. My report outlined nine areas where we could take action. There are 26 bills in Congress now that deal with these items, and we haven’t been able to deal with them meaningfully: no hearings and certainly nothing on the floor of the House. There are provisions to keep guns away from the most dangerous users. Even members of the NRA support that. We can improve the mental health system. We can authorize and increase research into gun safety. There is an outrageous provision in United States law that prevents the Centers for Disease Control to research gun violence that was authored by our late colleague Jay Dickey from Arkan-sas who, later in life, realized that was a horrific mistake. We ought to be able to understand and find ways to help prevent it. We can control access to the most dangerous products. We can increase product safety for guns, which are in-herently dangerous. We can empower healthcare professionals to deal with families to help prevent gun violence and understand what risks their fami-lies face, rather than outrageous provi-sions that seek to limit what healthcare professionals can do to deal with their patients. We can effectively regulate the sale of firearms. There should be no hidden sales where we do not have background checks. This is all within our capacity. We can enforce existing laws, and we can mitigate the loss of life in shooting by helping provide more resources for first responders. This isn’t pie in the sky. This will do nothing to take away the rights of Americans who want to target shoot or hunt. What it will do, is start the slow, steady process toward making our fam-ilies safer and make sure that America is not the only developed country that cannot protect its families from gun vi-olence. f 
GENERAL AVIATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MITCHELL. Madam Speaker, I rise today to do a little myth-busting. Critics of the 21st Century AIRR Act are selling a myth that the 21st Cen-tury AIRR Act will be damaging and adverse to general aviation. This couldn’t be further from the truth. I am a regular general aviation user and a student pilot. My brother-in-law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.000 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7676 October 3, 2017 
is a GA pilot. I would never support legislation that would be bad for my rural communities and the airports in those communities. Let’s address a few of those myths. The nonprofit service provider for air traffic control will be prohibited from charging user fees to any segment of general aviation in contrast to the myths that are being sold out there. The act also prohibits the ATC pro-vider from restricting access to any airspace or any airport. Further, any changes to access to airports or airspace would be subject to extensive government review and ap-proval. Additional funding is provided to community airports to assist them to continue to grow and be vibrant in our communities. Critics would have you believe that general aviation will not have a seat at the table. Again, not true. The non-profit board of directors designates a seat for community airports, as it des-ignates a seat for general aviation, lease pilots, airlines, and air cargo. The FAA, in a hearing, indicated it would take another 10 years and $30 billion to update an air traffic control system from the archaic system we have now. When asked, they said that they hoped they would have it accom-plished in 10 years. Hope is not a plan. The Trump administration supports the 21st Century AIRR Act. Air traffic controllers support the 21st Century AIRR Act. Airline pilots support it. The airlines support it, and air cargo supports it. We can go through a long list, yet we continue to deal with myths being spun out there that some-how this is adverse to aviation. We have an archaic air traffic control system that is hurting our Nation and that is damaging our economy. It is time to move beyond fear and myths. Madam Speaker, I urge colleagues to move beyond those myths and see the 21st Century AIRR Act will benefit all users. Let’s bring the bill to the floor, let’s have a vote, and let’s move the air traffic control system back. 
f 
PUERTO RICO, YOU ARE NOT ALONE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Madam Speaker, I just returned from Puerto Rico, and to start my remarks, I would like to say a few words in Spanish, the language of Puerto Rico, and then I will switch back to English. I will provide a translation to the desk. (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:) My beloved Puerto Rico, you are not alone. We hear your cries for help and the full strength of the American gov-ernment and military is finally coming to help. It has been slow and no one has been as frustrated as I am that the response did not happen with the urgency and priority that Puerto Ricans—and every human being who is suffering—deserve. I tell my colleagues what I saw and what you told me while I was there. I will work with them immediately, and make sure that this Congress treats Puerto Rico fairly and generously. And I am not alone. The other Puerto Ricans and the Congressional Hispanic Caucus are working with the leadership of the House to put together an aid package. Cities and towns, Mayors and Gov-ernors from across the country are making their communities available to you so that you have a safe place to be while the rescue and recovery and re-building continues. And standing with the Mayor of Chi-cago just yesterday, he said he wants the City of Chicago to be a place where any and all Puerto Ricans who need a safe place can come and we will help you resettle. You are not alone. Mi amado Puerto Rico, no esta´s solo. Oı´mos tus peticiones de ayuda, y la fuerza del gobierno y milicia estadounidense finalmente vienen a ayudar. Ha sido despacio, y comparto tu frustracio´n sobre una respuesta que no se dio´con la urgencia y prioridad que los Puertorriquen˜os—y cualquier ser humano que esta´sufriendo—se merecen. Les digo a mis colegas lo que he visto, y lo que me has dicho cuando estuve ahı´. Trabajare´con ellos inmediatamente para asegurar que este Congreso trate a Puerto Rico justa y generosamente. Y no soy el u´nico. Otros Puertorriquen˜os, y el Caucus Hispano esta´n trabajando con el liderazgo de la Ca´mara para conformar un programa de ayuda. Ciudades y pueblos, alcaldes y gobernadores a trave´s del paı´s, esta´n abrie´ndote las puertas de sus comunidades para que tengas un lugar seguro mientras el rescate, la recuperacio´n y la reconstruccio´n continu´an. Y ayer, presente con el alcalde de Chicago, e´l me dijo que quiere que la ciudad de Chicago sea un lugar en el cual todo Puertorriquen˜o que necesite un lugar seguro pueda llegar y reestablecerse. Madam Speaker, I flew to Puerto Rico on Friday to see what was hap-pening on the ground with my own eyes. Madam Speaker, it was worse than I imagined, and it broke my heart to see my beloved island so destroyed and so scared for its future and feeling so alone and isolated. There were dead animals all over the place, and people were so desperate for food and water. Anyone who is sick or elderly is finding it hard or impossible to get medicine and medical care. Things are improving day by day, and the number of helicopters flying missions of mercy to the interior of the island is increasing. But almost every-one has no electrical power. Almost ev-eryone has little or no food and trouble finding it. Almost everyone has no water, and some are seeking water from unreliable or possibly contami-nated sources. At the same time, I also saw an amazing unity and toughness, a can-do spirit that my fellow Puerto Ricans have the ability to make a way where there is no way, to improvise, and, most importantly, to work together. Any divisions of party or class that are right on the surface on a typical day in Puerto Rico, this faction versus that faction, all of that was blown away. The only status issue that mat-ters for Puerto Ricans right now is the status of the SOS, save our souls. We need help, and plenty of it, now. Yesterday, I spoke at a press con-ference in Chicago with Mayor Rahm Emanuel and leaders from Chicago, in-cluding Fire Commissioner Santiago and the head of Chicago’s Office of Emergency Management and Control, a brigadier general in our National Guard. The mayor announced that 22 Chi-cago firefighters, on their own dime, are going to Puerto Rico to help with the rescue and recovery efforts, includ-ing bringing equipment that may help communications to remote parts of the island. The mayor also announced that, in Chicago, we want to be for Puerto Rico what Houston was for New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina—a place of ref-uge where we will help you get settled, get your kids into school, get you the medical care you need, and make you feel welcome. One thing I learned in Puerto Rico this weekend is that, in Chicago and in the rest of the U.S., we need to start thinking about evacuation in addition to rebuilding and recovery. I have welcomed my own family into my home, and people I know across the country are welcoming relatives escap-ing Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. But we need to wrap up our commit-ment beyond the family-to-family in-formal relationships and look system-atically at how we organize ourselves to meet the great need of our fellow citizens on the island in the Caribbean. Rebuilding Puerto Rico—making her a strong and self-sufficient island na-tion of industrious and hardworking people again—will take years and re-quire a long-term commitment from this Congress and this country so that the well-being of our fellow man on the island can be met. So, Madam Speaker, let’s roll up our sleeves and get to work. Once again, Chicago is there to welcome you, to en-roll your kids in school, to get you medical attention, and to make sure you have a safe place until the recov-ery and rebuilding has been accom-plished. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Illinois will provide a translation of his remarks to the Clerk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.003 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7677 October 3, 2017 
A NEW ABSOLUTE AIRSPEED RECORD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KNIGHT. Madam Speaker, I am truly blessed to represent a district in southern California that is the home of so many historic feats. Today, I would like to tell you about one of those feats that turned 50 years old today. October 3, 1967, is a date I will never forget, but it is probably a date I will never remember either be-cause I was 9 months old. On that date, a B–52 flew down the runway of Edwards Air Force Base with a small, white airplane tucked under-neath her wing. A major who had thou-sands of hours in different platforms was the pilot of that airplane. He had been on several different programs and had been a test pilot for many years and was a graduate of the United States Air Force Test Pilot School. He was the pilot of that small, white air-craft. The plan was simple on paper. It was to accelerate to 100,000 feet and achieve a Mach of 6.50. As the pilots at Edwards Air Force Base will also tell you, it is a profession that they go about, and they do this in a very professional manner. The terms were 100,000 feet and 6.50, the ending was 102,100 feet and 6.72—a new airspeed record. b1015 The interesting thing about this is that the air speed record had been set on November 18, 1966, by the same pilot and broken just 10 months later. That flight has now stood for 50 years. If that pilot was here today, he would say that it is a travesty that that air speed record has stood for 50 years. In fact, I was standing with him on the 30th anniversary and he said just those same words: Why are we stuck where we were in the sixties? Why haven’t we continued to push forward? I believe he was right and I believe he would be right today. I hope that I am not standing here on the 60th anniver-sary talking about the same issue. The great men of that era did some phenomenal things. They pushed the limits. They knew that the sky was no limit and that it was actually just a boundary that we needed to push for-ward. There were 12 pilots in the X–15 pro-gram. I grew up with many of them or their kids. There was General Rushworth, Neil Armstrong, Bob White, Joe Walker, Bill Dana, Joe Engle, Scott Crossfield, John McKay, Milton Thompson, and Forrest Peter-sen. Mike Adams lost his life in the X– 15 program in November 1967—the only one to lose his life in that program. The pilot of the October 3, 1967, flight was my father, Pete Knight. He flew the aircraft 16 times, setting the air speed record several times, breaking it, and then achieving 4,520 miles an hour on October 3, 1967, which still stands today. I think the lesson is that we have got to keep pushing. Technology is not out there for no reason. It is out there for us to grab and continue to achieve. Those records are made to be broken. We must continue to push in aerospace and in every endeavor we encounter. That is what America does and that is what we do for all of mankind. I think this record was a great achievement, and I can tell you one quick story. I knew of this record when I was a small kid because my father pulled that Machmeter out of the X–15 after he set the record. That Mach-meter sat on our television for every year of my life, until he was on his death bed. He said: I want that Mach-meter to go to the Smithsonian. Which is exactly where we sent it. This was something that was an achievement by many engineers, pilots, mothership pilots, and chase pilots, but it is something that is now 50 years old, and we need to continue to push. 
f 
DEVASTATION AND HUMANI-TARIAN CRISIS IN PUERTO RICO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Madam Speaker, any comments that I make in Spanish, I will provide translation in English. Madam Speaker, I witnessed the dev-astation and humanitarian crisis this weekend when I traveled to the island of Puerto Rico with my colleague from Chicago, Illinois, L
UISGUTIE´RREZ . As I traveled throughout the area, I met dozens of emergency workers from various cities around our Nation on their way to provide assistance to fam-ilies in Puerto Rico. (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:) I had the privilege of travelling to Puerto Rico this weekend along with my colleague from the State of Illinois, Congressman L
UISGUTIE´RREZ , and wit-nessed the devastation caused by Hur-ricane Maria. But most importantly, I saw how the Puerto Rican people has united to work in restoring Puerto Rico from its current state. Thousands and thousands of people, including Mayor Carmen Yulı´n Cruz and the Gov-ernor, are compromised with the well- being of the Puerto Rican people. I saw firefighters and emergency workers at the Philadelphia airport trying to reach Puerto Rico to help their broth-ers and sisters. This has moved me and I understand the Puerto Rican people have a very big heart and immense sol-idarity. Tuve el privilegio de viajar este fin de semana a Puerto Rico con mi colega del Estado de Illinois, Congresista L
UIS G
UTIE´RREZ , y fui testigo ocular de la devastacio´n causada por el Huraca´n Marı´a. Pero ma´s importante, vi co´mo el pueblo puertorriquen˜o se ha unido a trabajar para levantar a Puerto Rico del estado donde se encuentra; miles y miles de personas, incluyendo la alcaldesa Carmen Yulı´n Cruz y el mismo Gobernador esta´n comprometidos con el bienestar del pueblo puertorriquen˜o. Vi a bomberos, trabajadores de emergencia, en el aeropuerto de Philadelphia tratando de llegar a Puerto Rico para darle ayuda a sus hermanos; algo que me ha conmovido y que entiendo que el pueb-lo puertorriquen´o tiene un corazo´n muy grande y una solidaridad humana inmensa. Madam Speaker, I met with Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello and San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz. It bewilders me how someone could criti-cize the mayor of San Juan, Puerto Rico, from a cozy clubhouse in a well- heeled golf course when she was chest deep in water contaminated with toxic fuels and human excrement, bringing help to those who need it in San Juan, Puerto Rico. We discussed with them efforts cur-rently under way and ways that the Federal Government and Congress can improve our response to address imme-diate and long-term goals to help re-build the island of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands—let’s not forget them. Yesterday, I released a 10-point plan following my assessment, and I offer this as a solution to provide an imme-diate emergency relief package for the humanitarian crisis we are witnessing in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands. It is my hope that we, as Members of Congress, will work together to find so-lutions quickly, as the lives of U.S. citizens and the efforts to rebuild have remained encumbered. Madam Speaker, I call for an imme-diate $20 billion emergency relief pack-age for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Is-lands. Congress needs to act on a humani-tarian emergency relief package for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands no later than this week. They cannot wait another week. It is estimated that Puerto Rico will need $85 billion for their recovery ef-forts. At a minimum, Congress need to enact a $20 billion emergency relief package for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Also, I call for a hearing on Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands recovery efforts. A congressional task force for coordinated relief efforts must be put in place. The delayed response in Puer-to Rico was egregious. I join my colleagues in calling for a hearing on Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands recovery efforts and for a full assessment on how to mitigate delayed reactions in the future and a strategic plan on a long-term recovery effort not only for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Vir-gin Islands, but for the entire Carib-bean region that, unfortunately, stands on the pathway of natural disasters, in-cluding hurricane season. As my colleagues have stated, the Hurricane Sandy Rebuilding Task Force resulted in a comprehensive plan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.004 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7678 October 3, 2017 
developed by Federal and local stake-holders, which then helped aid the re-covery efforts in U.S. and elsewhere. A similar plan is needed for all of the areas affected during this hurricane season. We must also create a permanent waiver of the Jones Act for diesel and fuel. The latest 10-day waiver by the Trump administration is not nearly enough. The Jones Act needs to be waived for at least a year so that re-sponse and rebuilding efforts are not encumbered. I also call for a perma-nent waiver for diesel and fuel. I also call for immediate deployment of the USS Abraham Lincoln aircraft carrier. I joined 145 Members of Congress in urging the President to deploy the USS Abraham Lincoln. We need to repair telecommuni-cations and authorize the Army and engineers to repair hospitals. Madam Speaker, I have four other points that I will later present to you. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New York will provide a translation of his remarks to the Clerk. 
f 
POLITICAL COURTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, the new term of the U.S. Su-preme Court begins this week. I was a judge for 7
1⁄2years before I came to Congress, so I have great interest in their proceedings. It seems to me that our courts have become far too polit-ical over the last many years. Up until the mid-1930s, most Federal courts seemed to try to stay out of pol-itics and paid great deference to ac-tions by Federal and State legislative bodies as being expressions of the will of the people. For many years now, though, some Federal judges believe they should have been elected to Congress or to State legislatures. One of many exam-ples involves the drawing of congres-sional, legislative, and local govern-ment voting districts. The word ‘‘ger-rymandering’’ came into use in 1812, but it really has only been in very re-cent years that the Federal courts have become heavily involved in drawing specific lines in so many States. If the court has a liberal judge, he or she will seemingly go to great lengths to throw out any lines that seem to benefit conservatives. I was at the U.S. Supreme Court re-cently to introduce some lawyers from Knoxville. That day, the Court was hearing a challenge to some lines drawn by the Virginia Legislature. This is something that the Federal courts should really stay out of and leave to the State legislatures. Also, opinions now are much longer than in the first 150 years or so, as some judges seem to believe they know almost everything. Madam Speaker, what we really need is more judges at all levels who have a little more humility. Many of the issues that the courts are dealing with involve freedom of re-ligion. Our Founding Fathers came here to this country to get freedom of religion, not freedom from religion. I think it was very sad that a very in-tolerant group from Wisconsin went to great lengths to get a Bible verse re-moved from the Knoxville Police De-partment. It seems that people who proclaim their tolerance the loudest are some of the most intolerant people in this country today, and aimed pri-marily at conservative Christians. In Zorach v. Clauson, a 1952 U.S. Su-preme Court case, Justice William O. Douglas wrote that the law should not prefer ‘‘those who believe in no religion over those who do believe,’’ and that there is ‘‘no constitutional require-ment which makes it necessary for government to be hostile to religion and to throw its weight against efforts to widen the effective scope of religious influence.’’ Justice Douglas was one of the most liberal Justices who ever served on the U.S. Supreme Court. It surprises many when I tell them that we open every session of the House and Senate with prayer, that there is a prayer room in the center of the Capitol, and several Bible studies go on in the Capitol each week. Madam Speaker, on an unrelated topic, because we are dealing with the budget proposals this week, I think it is ironic that the only President in the last 70 or 80 years who has tried to rein in defense spending is the only one who spent his career in the military: Presi-dent Eisenhower. I spoke out in every way and voted against most of the major initiatives of the Obama administration, but it was false to say that the military has been depleted. We spend well over $700 billion on de-fense and military construction each year. Last year, we spent $177.5 billion on new planes, tanks, weapons, and equipment, and similar amounts to that for many years. Most of this equipment does not wear out after just 1 year. In the book ‘‘Ike’s Bluff,’’ when Ei-senhower was told he could not cut de-fense spending, he replied that if he told every general who reduced his budget that he would get another star, you would have to get out of the way of the rush. He also said: ‘‘Heaven help us if we ever have a President who doesn’t know as much about the military as I do.’’ Over 80 percent of those in Congress today have never served in our Armed Forces. I am proud to have been one who was privileged to serve. Most of the Members of Congress today are afraid to oppose or even question wasteful defense spending for fear of some demagogue calling them unpatriotic or saying they are not sup-porting the troops. But, Madam Speak-er, we need to wake up and realize that there is waste even in the Defense De-partment. f 
ENTERPRISE CARRIERS FROM MEXICO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) for 5 minutes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Madam Speaker, today, there are over 800 so-called en-terprise carriers from Mexico operating heavy trucks long distance in the United States. Now, what is wrong with that? Well, Mexico doesn’t have any drug or alcohol testing of its commercial drivers. Mexico does not have a cen-tralized database of commercial driv-er’s licenses and driving offenses, mak-ing it difficult, if not impossible, to at-tract and disqualify drivers who are unsafe and who would be disqualified here in the United States. In Mexico, truck drivers are pretty much exploited and abused. They don’t even have hours of service rules. Some drivers will drive for 1 or 2 days straight. In the United States, of course, we have very restrictive rules for safety on hours of service. Those laws, theo-retically, apply to the 800 Mexican en-terprise carriers operating in the United States. However, how many hours did that person drive before they got to the bor-der? Was it 24 or 48? Then they cross over the border and they are limited. Congress objected and voted multiple times by huge bipartisan majorities on legislation I supported to say: No, we do not want these Mexican trucks ranging about here in the United States until they can prove that they meet the same standards as our truck drivers. We have had a few offenses. We don’t even put special scrutiny on these en-terprise carriers. We have very few in-spectors out there. But they have man-aged to rack up some pretty horrific records on a random basis that raise huge questions about their safety. b1030 They had over 900 violations per driv-er that cannot read or speak the English language sufficiently to re-spond to official inquiries, a violation of the law; over 800 violations for brake-related issues—worn brake hoses, defective brakes, et cetera; and hundreds of other violations for tire treads, exhaust leaks, and oil leaks. One company was fined $40,000. There is only one way to solve this issue, and that is to modify the NAFTA agreement. Remember, this was au-thorized. They were given national treatment; that is, Mexico is treated the same as the U.S. They won, in one of those secret tribunals, a huge judg-ment against the United States. The Obama administration caved in and allowed the door to be opened to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.006 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7679 October 3, 2017 
these unsafe carriers operating in the United States. We can close that door again by just modifying NAFTA. The Trump administration is ap-proaching this issue perhaps as early as next week in the NAFTA negotiations, and this should be at the top of their agenda: we will not give them national treatment; they will have to meet our standards and prove that they have met our standards; they have to de-velop a meaningful driver’s license base; they will have to have drug and alcohol testing; they have to have hours of service. Then we can talk about whether or not they can operate in the United States. We had a system before NAFTA. Mexican truck drivers would bring the trucks just over the border. They were limited in how far they could go. They would drop the trailers. U.S. truck drivers would pick them up. Then there is one other issue here: Are we going to do to our trucking in-dustry what we have done to so many in manufacturing? Are we going to drive down truck drivers’ wages? It is already a tough business, par-ticularly for independent drivers. Are we going to make them compete with people who are earning 2 bucks an hour and don’t have to meet the same rules as they do? That is not fair competi-tion, and it is not good for the Amer-ican people, not for the jobs or the safety on our highways. So I am asking the Trump adminis-tration to hang tough on this issue and take away this national treatment that we are giving to Mexico, which does not have an equivalent system to the United States, and go to something that is based on reciprocity and equiva-lence. That would be a good change to the NAFTA agreement, which, of course, I opposed from day one. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL MANUFACTURING DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this Friday is National Manufacturing Day. We celebrate Man-ufacturing Day annually in order to recognize the manufacturing industry’s part in the growth and prosperity of the United States economy, as well as raise awareness of the important in-vestment and career opportunities within the manufacturing sector. Manufacturing Day started in 2012 as an annual celebration of modern manu-facturing meant to inspire the next generation of manufacturers, and it has done just that. According to a 2016 survey of students who attended Manu-facturing Day events, 89 percent were more aware of manufacturing jobs in their communities; 84 percent were more convinced that manufacturing provides careers that are interesting and rewarding; 64 percent were more motivated to pursue careers in manu-facturing; and 71 percent were more likely to tell friends, family, parents, or colleagues about manufacturing after attending the event. Mr. Speaker, the manufacturing in-dustry impacts every community in the United States, and that is certainly true for Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congres-sional District. Pennsylvania has a rich history of being a manufacturing leader, especially our storied Pennsyl-vania Steel. The Commonwealth has been an important cog in the wheels of this country’s industrial revolution thanks to industries like iron, coal, and lumber, in addition to steel. Our Pennsylvania farmers have fed and continue to feed generations of Americans, providing safe and nutri-tious food for all our neighbors. From heritage companies to newer rising stars, we have a wide cross-sec-tion of products produced in the Fifth District of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Speaker, I would like to highlight just a few. Brookville Equipment Corporation in Jefferson County is the leading Amer-ican manufacturer of diesel locomotive engines, street trolleys, and mining machinery. Brookville’s mass transit resume includes fully refurbishing streetcars for cities, including New Or-leans, Philadelphia, and San Francisco. Since 1889, W.R. Case & Sons Cutlery Company has been fashioning handcrafted pocketknives and sporting knives in McKean County. Zippo Manufacturing Company, mak-ers of the world famous Zippo windproof lighter, owns Case Knives today. Zippo is another family-owned business, based in the city of Bradford, McKean County, since 1936. Major leaguers have been swinging our fine Pennsylvania hardwoods thanks to Jefferson County company BWP Bats. BWP’s slogan is ‘‘Built With Pride.’’ Huntingdon County’s Bonney Forge has a state-of-the-art forge facility ca-pable of manufacturing our entire line of forged steel fitting and forged steel valve products since 1875. A new manufacturer is DiamondBack Truck Covers. Two Penn State stu-dents started this company in their ga-rage in 2003. They make heavy-duty, utility-oriented, diamond plate alu-minum truck bed covers for pickup trucks in Philipsburg, Pennsylvania, in Centre County. Mr. Speaker, this is just a handful of the manufacturers in my district who produce quality, American-made prod-ucts. As co-chair of the Career and Technical Education Caucus, I am proud that the manufacturing industry employs scores of career and technical education students in family-sus-taining careers. These are great fam-ily-sustaining jobs. As we celebrate National Manufac-turing Day on Friday and draw atten-tion to the roles manufacturers play in our communities, I commend all those who keep our economy booming through manufacturing. STOPPING GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today heartbroken and bone weary from the gun violence that continues to wrack our country. Just this year alone there have been 273 mass shoot-ings, shootings with four or more vic-tims. Every day we read of another child tragically lost. Our Nation awoke yesterday to the horrifying news of yet another mass shooting, this time in Las Vegas. It is once more now the worst shooting in our Nation’s history. This violence sears our hearts and leaves countless families forever tragically changed. I extend my sincere condolences to all those who lost loved ones and send prayers of recovery to those wounded. Please know that the American people are grieving with you. I am incredibly grateful for the ex-traordinary professionalism and brav-ery of law enforcement and first re-sponders during this attack. But our words and prayers are not sufficient for the people of Las Vegas or the other victims of daily gun violence across our country. We owe them more. We must come together to tackle this epi-demic with action. Enough is enough. There is no one single solution to the gun violence now, nor are there any easy answers, but that must not stop us from making progress where we can. Incredibly, however, this body is set to consider rolling back some of the com-monsense regulations we already have in place for gun safety. It is inconceivable to me that this House is preparing to vote on legisla-tion to weaken restrictions on the sale of silencers. Such sound suppressors make it more difficult for law enforce-ment officers to identify the point source of a weapon and to react to pro-tect our public. Why are we considering a bill that makes firearms more deadly and makes it more difficult for police to re-spond? But that is not all. There is also a proposal to weaken State concealed carry laws with national reciprocity. This dangerous legislation would un-dermine local safety laws and deny States their right to establish their own concealed carry safety standards. Requiring States to accept the con-cealed standards of every other State will effectively create a dangerous race to the bottom and leave the least re-strictive State law as the effective na-tional standard. Mr. Speaker, we should be debating and voting on proposals that can re-duce gun violence in our communities. We must not allow the difficulty of the path ahead prevent us from embracing solutions that move us in the right di-rection. Earlier this year, I introduced the Ghost Guns Are Guns bill with my col-league, Congressman E
SPAILLAT of New York. This bill will address the glaring 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.008 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7680 October 3, 2017 
loophole that allows gun buyers to by-pass a background check by purchasing their weapons as unassembled kits on-line. These kits can be delivered to anyone’s doorstep with all the parts needed to assemble a fully functioning, totally untraceable firearm. The Ghost Guns Are Guns Act simply says that these weapons should be reg-ulated like other firearms and require a background check like other fire-arms. More than 9 out of 10 Americans support background checks. This bill is a commonsense step forward, and I urge my colleagues to join me in seek-ing its passage. We also face the problem of stolen guns. Last year alone, more than 18,000 guns were lost or stolen from Federal firearm dealers. Many of these stolen weapons were later used in violent crimes. That is why I introduced the SECURE Firearm Storage Act, to re-quire all Federal firearm licensees to securely store their inventory when not open for business. The Chicago Sun-Times said this bill was, ‘‘so obviously right, it’s hard to believe it is even necessary.’’ I agree, and I invite my colleagues to join me in passing this bill as well. These are but two commonsense ideas. I am open to any and all ideas to make progress in reducing gun violence in our communities and helping make our communities safe—from universal background checks to making gun traf-ficking a Federal crime, to limiting ac-cess to high-capacity magazines and military assault weapons. Enough is enough. We cannot allow this epidemic to continue. Together, we have the opportunity to save lives. I urge my colleagues to join me, and let’s take this time to act. 
f 
21ST CENTURY AIRR ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, Con-gress has just approved an FAA exten-sion to fund the agency for 6 months, but our work is not done. We have a re-sponsibility to pass a long-term FAA bill that ensures America remains a leader in aviation. The status quo means American avia-tion manufacturing will lose out to competitors in Europe, China, Brazil, and Canada. We will lose jobs. It means the drone industry will continue to go overseas for testing and development. That is more lost jobs. The status quo means more delays and lost time for our passengers. Let me read you a quote: ‘‘The FAA is the only agency of government worse at procurement than the Pentagon. Congress has tried to reform it; it didn’t stick. We have got to try some-thing different to get it to be more agile to give us 21st century equipment and software that we need.’’ Mr. Speaker, that is not my quote. I am quoting the ranking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. And that, based on what he has said and what we have seen over the last 20 years, that is why it is time to reform the FAA. With my Republican and Democratic colleagues, I have introduced H.R. 2997, the 21st Century AIRR Act. Like all major reforms, there have been false claims made against this bipartisan bill. The false issues I want to address are from general aviation. My colleagues and I, including SAM G
RAVES , worked with the general avia-tion community to include everything they have asked for in this bill. Not one of their legislative requests was ex-cluded. In fact, Congressman G
RAVES  now supports the bill because of how far we went to address the needs of the GA community. We did so because gen-eral aviation is vital to our unique aviation system, and I would never sponsor legislation that harms my own rural community and the GA pilots and the several hundred GA pilots who live within it. Here is what the general aviation community asked for: They did not want to pay user fees to use air traffic control services, and they won’t. All they have to do is look at page 83 in the bill. The only entity that will be able to change this is Con-gress, just like it is today. They did not want any airspace re-strictions. This bill prohibits airspace restrictions for the GA, and just look at page 114 to find that. In fact, GA doesn’t have that guarantee today. Our bill actually puts that guarantee in law for the first time. They wanted to fully fund the Air-port Improvement Program. I want to fully fund the Airport Improvement Program, in part, because it helps my district and small- and medium-sized airports in rural communities around this country. AIP will be funded the way it has been in the past, and it will be, going forward, by the traveling pub-lic. Currently, AIP funding is flatlined at $3.3 billion a year, but over the course of the bill, we will raise that up to al-most $4 billion, and you will find that on page 7 of the bill. GA wanted parity on the board, and they got it, the ability to nominate two board members. So the board will be balanced. It will include airports, pi-lots, controllers, commercial passenger carriers, cargo carriers, regional car-riers, general aviation, business avia-tion, plus the government will put two seats on the board. b1045 A super majority will choose two independent board members, and then they will choose a CEO. Yet even when faced with these facts in black and white text, opponents of reform still claim these guarantees are not in the bill. Ask a member of the GA community what we can do to get their support, and they will say: ‘‘Nothing.’’ They want to keep the sta-tus quo. Unfortunately, a few Washington spe-cial interests that represent business jets oppose this commonsense reform. Think about it this way: 850 million passengers will fly commercially every year, and that number will go to a bil-lion over the next 10 years; this bill is real reform that will benefit them at no cost and harm to the business jet aviation; in fact, every person that flies commercially subsidizes business jets using the air traffic control sys-tem. A small number of GA owners, the number is about 500,000, are opposing something that will benefit a billion passengers that will fly annually. Another thing that was brought up is that we harm the defense of this coun-try. That is absolutely not true. As a senior member of the Armed Services Committee, I would never do anything that would harm the defense of this country. And Secretary Mattis and Deputy Secretary of Defense Shanahan have been on the Hill, have written let-ters supporting our efforts to this fact. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, this is not speculation. This reflects the very carefully drafted text of the bill that the House will vote on in the coming days. I encourage Members to read the bill and come to us with questions. This bipartisan bill has broad and di-verse support. For example, Heritage Action, the pilots and the air traffic controller union, and the flight attend-ants union all support this very bipar-tisan bill, a bill that will transform aviation in this country, keep us com-petitive, keep us safe, and keep us effi-cient. I ask all my colleagues to support the bipartisan H.R. 2997. 
f 
GUN SAFETY LEGISLATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, yesterday we grieved for 59 Americans who were killed watching a concert and 527 people who were in-jured as bullets rained down on them. As horrible as it is, it is only an inflec-tion point on the daily loss of life to gun violence. We have had our grisly House ritual of expressing our heartfelt grief, fol-lowed by a moment of silence, but the moments have extended into years. Families at home did not send us here for our thoughts and prayers. No one in this Chamber was elected to tackle our country’s challenges with moments of silence. We were elected to work together, to debate, to argue, even fight tooth and nail about the problems Americans are facing and what we can do to help, but that is not what we are doing here. Even after the massacre of children and now the worst massacre by guns in American history, our Republican lead-ers continue to block debate on com-monsense gun safety legislation that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.009 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7681 October 3, 2017 
backed by Americans across the spec-trum of political ideology. Now we have had our moment of si-lence, so it is back to business as usual: Members of Congress who call a mass shooting evil and turn around and take cash from the gun lobby. The leadership of this House is so en-amored with silence that one of the only policies that they will talk about is silencing guns. Why would you en-danger our police officers and families by remaining silent on solutions to re-duce gun violence and promote a bill that deregulates silencers? There is only one explanation, and that is that the monstrous roar of the gun lobby is drowning out the voices of families, it is drowning out compassion, and it is drowning out common sense. Many say there is nothing to be done. There is a falsehood that any common-sense solution will lead directly to Americans losing their guns and their Second Amendment rights. This is as pernicious as it is cowardly. This is the United States Congress. Americans think that we are strong enough to have this debate on reducing gun vio-lence. Why don’t we? Don’t shrug off the loss of life. Don’t be complicit in the daily carnage of gun violence. Mr. Speaker, it is time for each of us to stand up, to do our jobs, to come to-gether and debate solutions, and to bring them to a vote. American fami-lies are counting on us, and they are watching. 
f 
BE A VOICE FOR UNBORN AMERICANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) for 5 minutes. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. As a father of three, a grandfather of three, and as a man of faith, I firmly believe that life begins at conception. As a surgeon and a scientist, I know that unborn children feel pain at 20 weeks, at the very latest at 20 weeks. Scientific studies have found that a baby’s first sensory receptors for pain are developed in the first 7 weeks. By 20 weeks, an unborn baby is so devel-oped that they can hear music and re-spond to sounds, but, most impor-tantly, a substantial body of medical evidence shows that he or she can feel and respond to pain. Let there be no mistake: late-term abortion practices are gruesome and painful. These babies are dismembered limb from limb, yet the United States is one of only seven nations in the world that allows for elective late-term abortions. We are joining nations like North Korea and China that allow for elective late-term abortions. It is shocking to the conscience. By passing the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act and banning late- term abortions after 20 weeks, we stand up to protect the innocent and the de-fenseless. The Psalm says: ‘‘Children are a gift from the Lord.’’ If we here today do not protect this gift, who will? If we do not shield unborn Americans from a death so painful and unimaginable, who will? The responsibility falls to us. Let us embrace this solemn duty. I spent my medical career doing ev-erything I could to save the lives of the patients in my care. Now, as a legis-lator, I can help save people with my vote. I invite the entire House to be a voice for unborn Americans and pass the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. f 
MASS SHOOTINGS IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I know you have heard the story. Sunday, in Las Vegas, 59 people at a concert were mowed down and more than 500 were wounded. I know you have heard this story, too: last June, 49 cellphones on the floor of the Pulse Nightclub were ring-ing and ringing and ringing and were never answered. What about this story: two years ago, eight students who just wanted to learn and their professor who was there to teach them were mowed down in their classrooms at Umpqua Commu-nity College. And everyone knows that, nearly 5 years ago, the bodies of 20 elementary school children and 6 teachers lay in Sandy Hook Elementary School in what was then the unthinkable act of horror. So here we are again with what was once unthinkable becoming mundane. Mr. Speaker, how have we as a soci-ety become so debased, how have we strayed so far from what is right and what is just so that we hardly blink at the massacre of innocents in schools and movie theaters and classrooms and concerts and nightclubs? And it goes on and on and on. So I ask you today, how many lives must be destroyed before Congress acts? Nine lives in Charleston showed us nine was not enough. Thirteen lives at Columbine showed us that 13 was not enough. Certainly 20 small children killed in their classrooms at Newtown? No. The 32 lives lost at Virginia Tech? Again, not enough. Forty-nine lives in Orlando? No. The more than 33,000 Americans killed each year by guns? No, that is not enough. The fact that more Americans have died from guns in the United States since 1968 than on battlefields in all our wars since the American Revolu-tion, is that not enough? Now 59 people have been murdered in Las Vegas and hundreds more are left struggling with injuries, both physical and mental, but the worst part—and believe me, I have trouble picking out the worst part—daily mass shootings have somehow become just ordinary. The massacre in Las Vegas was the 273rd mass shooting in the United States this year. Last year, I posted the name and photo of every single victim killed in mass shootings on the walls outside my office. There were 476 shootings, with 597 people killed and 1,734 wounded. Not enough. It is never enough. That is how I learned about Tamia Sanders, who was 14 years old when she was killed while sitting on her porch next to her mother; about Antonio Hinkle, who was 32 when he was gunned down and killed at a cookout pushing children out of the way of gunfire; and about Willow Short, age two, who sur-vived a heart transplant only to be slaughtered outside and alongside the rest of her family by her own father. I stand before you filled with rage and sadness to say this has to stop. Mo-ments of silence provide little com-fort—frankly, no comfort. It is a show here to somehow suggest that if you make the headlines, we will give you a moment of silence, but for the 476 other mass shootings each year, we are not going to give you a moment of si-lence. Do we really lack the courage of con-viction? No. Other industrialized coun-tries have seen no such blood-soaked streets. By remaining silent, we are not just being cowardly, we are being complicit in these crimes. Mr. Speaker, we must honor the dead by taking action. Now is the time for a vote, and we know what the vote is on. Our human instinct is to try to find patterns and make sense out of the most horrific and senseless acts. Whether the shooters are terrorists or domestic abusers or the mentally ill, one pattern is the same: access to dead-ly weapons that can allow a lone gun-man to lay waste to human life on a massive scale must stop. This is why we must ban assault weapons that have, time and time again, caused mass bloodshed and the attachments that make them into automatic weapons that you can pur-chase for a mere $50. Automatic weapons are banned in the United States, machine guns are banned in the United States, but if you can buy a $50 attachment and make it into a machine gun, how have we banned anything? Let’s make sure every gun purchase requires background checks rather than just 60 percent of gun purchases. Mr. Speaker, it is time to do more than be silent. 
f 
HIGHLIGHTS OF THE UNIFIED TAX REFORM FRAMEWORK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I would like to share some information about the Unified Tax Reform Framework that was released last week by Republicans in the House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.011 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7682 October 3, 2017 
I think it is important that, with all of the sad news coming out this week in the country, particularly in Puerto Rico and Las Vegas, we do share with the American people some information that will be so important to them long term and will help our economy get a good jump start. Incidentally, last quarter, our econ-omy grew at 3.1 percent, but very few people have heard about that, and it is important that we point that out. Mr. Speaker, the material provided by the Ways and Means Committee is extraordinarily valuable, and I also would encourage people to go on the Ways and Means’ website and on my website and on individual websites of Members to gain more information about this framework. First, it lowers the rates for individ-uals and families. The framework shrinks the current seven tax brackets into three: 12 percent, 25 percent, and 35 percent. And actually, Mr. Speaker, many more Americans will pay no taxes as a result of the tax reform, be-cause we are going to double the stand-ard deduction and enhance the child tax credit. b1100 The framework roughly doubles the standard deduction so that typical middle class families will keep more of their paycheck. It also significantly in-creases the child tax credit. It elimi-nates loopholes for the wealthy and protects bedrock provisions for the middle class. It repeals the death tax and alternative minimum tax. Mr. Speaker, dying should not be a taxable event. It is important that we not tax people, particularly farmers and small businesses, at the death of a businessowner or farmowner. It creates a new lower tax rate struc-ture for small businesses. It will help to create jobs and promote competi-tiveness by lowering the corporate tax rate. So that Americans can compete on a level playing field, the framework reduces the corporate tax rate to 20 percent, below the 22.5 percent average of the industrialized world. It will boost the economy by allow-ing for expensing of capital invest-ments. The framework allows, for at least 5 years, businesses to imme-diately write off or expense the cost of new investments, giving a much-needed lift to the economy. It moves to an American model for competitiveness. The framework ends the perverse incentives to offshore jobs and keep foreign profits overseas. It levels the playing field for American companies and workers by allowing the profits achieved overseas to come back by imposing a one-time low tax rate on wealth that is already accumulated overseas so there is no tax incentive to keep the money offshore. Mr. Speaker, we need to get our econ-omy booming again to create jobs and to make our country much greater than it is today. I endorse this frame-work put out by the Ways and Means Committee and look forward to the work that is going to be done by the committee as it refines the framework and brings forth a bill for us to vote on. 
f 
WE CAN BREAK THE CYCLE OF VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES) for 5 minutes. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, we all awoke yesterday to a grim but familiar ritual. As we looked at our phones, we saw that dozens of people had been slaughtered in Las Vegas by a madman with a gun. For the victims, the survivors, and their families, this is a nightmare come true, and my heart goes out to them and to the first responders and to the many people who rushed to help in that hellish situation. But now what? The question can’t be escaped, and it hits particularly hard those of us who live in the shadow of Sandy Hook, years ago, where 20 babies were killed, and we thought that that would be enough to cause this Congress to act— to act for sanity, to act for common-sense, to act for life. But it wasn’t. And neither was Orlando, neither was San Bernardino, and now neither, I fear, will be the horrendous massacre in Las Vegas. Let’s be clear that no other tragedy that we face, not terrorists flying into buildings, not hurricanes which render entire islands without power and with-out hope, cause us to say: This is not a time to address this problem. We ask ourselves: What can we do better? What can we learn? How can we stop this? Except on this issue. Or-lando—Congress does nothing; Sandy Hook, 20 dead children—Congress does nothing; now Las Vegas. What is happening right now is that conversations are happening in offices to figure out what the decent interval of time is between the deaths in Las Vegas and when we can introduce a bill that will make it easier for people to buy silencers. Not even the near fatal attack on one of our own, my friend S
TEPHEN SCALISE , was enough to cause us to seriously consider what we might do to staunch the flow of blood that characterizes this country, and this country alone. Let’s be clear. Let’s be very clear about what we can do and what we don’t want to do. First of all, to all those who are lis-tening to this and saying, ‘‘They just want to take away my guns,’’ no, we do not. I and those of us who stand for gun safety respect the Second Amendment. Many of us enjoy hunting. Many of us enjoy target practice. Many of us be-lieve that perhaps you are safer if you can defend yourself. We have no inter-est in taking away anybody’s guns. We have interest in at least two things that have the virtue of being supported by the vast majority of Americans: universal background checks, the simple idea that, if you are going to exercise your Second Amend-ment rights and buy a weapon, we should check to see if you are violent, if you are a terrorist, if you are likely to do harm with that deadly weapon. That is a simple idea that has about 90 percent support in this country, and yet it will not be brought to this floor in what is known as the House of Rep-resentatives. Do we represent or do we not? There are other ideas. There has to be some limit on the firepower and the nature of the lethal technology that Americans can get access to. We saw in Las Vegas what very powerful weapons, perhaps modified to turn them into military-style weapons, can do to peo-ple and their bodies. I think most Americans would agree that there is some line—some line—between the weapons that we should have access to as a result of our Second Amendment rights and to do what we need to do and those weapons that can wreak the kind of havoc that we saw in Las Vegas. Last year, after the shooting at the Pulse nightclub, I decided in despera-tion that I would not participate in any more moments of silence in this Chamber, that prayers and sympathy are fine, but this room can fix this problem. But this room and the people in it refuse to do so, even though we call ourselves Representatives, and we will not bring forward ideas that our constituents would support. So today, in our despair, we must re-member that our great struggles—suf-frage, civil rights, healthcare—took decades for us to achieve. We can break the cycle of violence, but we have to act. We have no other choice. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 7 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Pastor Kevin McKee, Chapel on the Campus, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, of-fered the following prayer: O Lord, our God, creator of Heaven and Earth, sustainer of all things, grant this House the wisdom and cour-age to pursue justice in their legisla-tion. Give them compassion and hope as they offer aid and relief to those who have suffered from the devastation of disasters. Give them unity that is necessary to achieve the highest levels of peace in our land. Give the women and men of this Chamber the character and courage to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.013 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7683 October 3, 2017 
pursue what is right and what is good. May they be able to discern what is best not only for their constituents, but for all Americans. Understanding the human condition and the mercy of God, may they work together to ad-vance true liberty. Be present today, O God of wisdom, to direct the affairs and deliberations of this honorable assembly and their committees. This we ask in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KENNEDY led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING PASTOR KEVIN M
CKEE The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Pastor Kevin McKee, who opened with the prayer this morning in this Cham-ber. Kevin and his wife, Mary, have been amazing pillars in our community as we have been through extraordinary challenges associated with Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, Gustav, Ike, and Isaac; a thousand-year flood last year; the worst oil spill in the Nation’s history; the incredible shootings of five of our police officers last year; and racial di-visiveness. Kevin and Mary have been incredible at propping up our community and sharing the Word in eastern Europe, China, and around the United States. I want to thank both of them for their incredible service to our State, our Na-tion, and our community as we have been through these times of challenge. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge swift reauthorization of the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram and the Community Health Cen-ter Program. CHIP keeps kids covered by providing basic healthcare to about 9 million children and pregnant moth-ers, including thousands of Oregonians. The providers and families in our States deserve certainty that that funding for these programs will be there when they need it. The lapse of these programs is already hurting our constituents and our communities. At Virginia Garcia, a teaching health center in my district, payments for their residency program stopped abruptly. The clinic’s executive direc-tor said that they cannot, in good con-science, stop these residencies, but they are very nervous about spending precious reserves when they had antici-pated these grants would be fully fund-ed. There is no excuse for delay when it comes to the health of our children and families. We must continue common-sense investments in our Nation’s health by reauthorizing the Children’s Health Insurance Program and the Community Health Center Program immediately. f 
CONGRATULATING LIGO ON RE-CEIVING NOBEL PRIZE IN PHYS-ICS (Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, when folks think of innova-tion and new technology, Louisiana often comes to mind. We have been able to pioneer cell phone technology and have been in-volved in genetics and DNA. We have incredible naval technologies, with off-shore oil and gas at depths never before even contemplated. We have been able to power this Nation’s economy. Once again, Mr. Speaker, with the Laser Interferometer Gravitational- Wave Observatory receiving the Nobel Prize in Physics for the discovery of and measurement of gravitational waves, Louisiana is recognized once again. I want to give a shout-out to LIGO and Livingston Parish for their amaz-ing discovery in 2015 and for being rec-ognized with the Nobel Prize in Phys-ics. 
f 
CONGRESS MUST RESPOND APPROPRIATELY (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, Las Vegas, Nevada, 3 days ago—59 people dead, 527 injured, one shooter. It was the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. modern history. Pulse nightclub, Orlando, Florida, 2016—49 people dead, 58 injured, one shooter. Sandy Hook Elementary School, Newtown, Connecticut, 2012—20 kids aged 6 and 7 and 6 adults, all dead, one shooter. The one shooter killed his mother and then killed himself. I have heard it said that the best gun control is a steady hand. Perhaps, but a steady hand requires a healthy and sound mind. Assault weapons are de-signed to kill people, and to kill lots of people quickly. Their availability made massacres in Las Vegas, Newtown, and Orlando possible. In the days ahead, we will learn much more about the shooter and his guns than about his victims—once again. My hope is that this Congress will use this information wisely and find the courage to respond appro-priately. In this way, and only in this way, do we actually honor the victims. 
f 
RECOGNIZING OLD GREGG SCHOOL ON ITS 10TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.017 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7684 October 3, 2017 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late Old Gregg School Community and Recreation Center on its 10th anniver-sary. I recently had the opportunity to visit the repurposed school in Spring Mills and partake in the anniversary celebration. For more than 80 years, the Old Gregg School building in Spring Mills educated children and young adults throughout the eastern Penns Valley in the time-honored values and respon-sibilities of community and service. The traditions of the historic Gregg Township School have been celebrated and expanded in the Old Gregg School Community and Recreation Center, which is now a multipurpose, nonprofit facility benefiting the entire Penns Valley community. Old Gregg School Community and Recreation Center is regarded as a treasure in the heart of Penns Valley. It supports small businesses with af-fordable office space, offers athletic fa-cilities for recreation, open space for meetings and events both indoors and out, and has well-maintained grounds and outdoor play areas. Mr. Speaker, Old Gregg is an example of how to repurpose a space to benefit the entire community. It truly is a gem of Penns Valley that all residents treasure. 
f 
ENDING GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, on Sun-day night, in mere minutes, one man took at least 59 lives, forever altered hundreds more, and left invisible, in-curable scars on thousands. On Monday morning, our Nation wel-comed all of them into America’s fast-est growing community: families left with a gaping hole in their hearts caused by a bullet; a community that does not have the luxury of moving on from gun violence after TV cameras leave, after the front pages fill with news stories; a community that in-cludes families Black and White, rich and poor, big and small, Democrat and Republican. Ending gun violence isn’t political. It is personal. So we are now powerless. We are not helpless. We are not hos-tages to some political organization. We are not bystanders, as bullets tear through our concerts, prayer circles, elementary school classrooms, night-clubs, military compounds, and quiet neighborhoods. This is up to us, every single Amer-ican. This is our country, our home, and our families. We can decide that one person’s right to bear arms does not come at the expense of a neighbor’s right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We must say, ‘‘No more.’’ PROTECTING LIFE (Mr. BUDD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, the Found-ing Fathers enshrined the guarantee of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness. They regarded life as a core prom-ise and one that was to be protected. The Federal Government is responsible for protecting those rights, and cur-rently we are failing at that responsi-bility. As I speak in this body, America is one of only seven countries in the world that have legalized late-term elective abortion after 20 weeks. More specifically, it is estimated that ap-proximately 13,000 late-term abortions are carried out in our country each year on healthy babies. This is simply immoral and, as law-makers, we have the ability to take commonsense measures to protect the unborn. The bill that we are voting on today, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, is one of those meas-ures. Mr. Speaker, every human being was given inalienable rights, chief among them being life itself. Governments are supposed to protect those rights. As a lawmaker, I plan to do so by sup-porting the bill before us today. I urge my colleagues to do the same. f 
RAW DEAL FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, Repub-licans have once again presented a budget that is reckless, regressive, and reprehensible. It is a budget that would hurt working families, the middle class, the poor, the sick, the afflicted, veterans, and rural America. It is even a budget that would cut Head Start, Meals on Wheels, and Special Olym-pics. It is a raw deal for the American peo-ple. That is why Democrats are focused on better jobs, better wages, and a bet-ter future. Democrats are focused on higher pay for the American people, lower costs for the American people, and providing the American people with the tools to succeed in the 21st century economy. Democrats are focused on providing the American people with a better deal. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF THE 21ST CENTURY AIRR ACT (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, the 21st Century AIRR Act gives a voice to rural America on aviation issues. For too long, our aviation assets have been managed with little to no input from the citizens in the real world who are most impacted. The 21st Century AIRR Act benefits rural and small communities through local em-powerment. This bill enhances the Airport Im-provement Program and ensures grant availability for small airports in the years ahead. These grants support in-frastructure construction and rehabili-tation critical to local and regional economic development. The bill also promotes air traffic con-trol tower technology. This promising concept has vast potential to allow rural airports to maintain tower serv-ice at a far lower cost and to actually bring service to airports that have pre-viously been unable to support it. The 21st Century AIRR Act is vision-ary, innovative legislation that will make the long-needed improvements to more efficiently serve American fliers and keep rural America connected to our aviation system. f 
b1215 WORKING TO PROTECT DREAMERS (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, today, instead of working to protect DREAMers, enacting common-sense gun safety legislation, or reform-ing our tax system to benefit hard-working Americans and not just the wealthy, I have to stand here and speak out against H.R. 36, another rad-ical assault against women’s health and reproductive rights, a bill that would deny care to women in the most desperate of circumstances, a bill de-signed to restrict a woman’s access to a full range of healthcare services, and a blatant attempt to chip away at a woman’s right to choose. Congressional Republicans failed in their numerous attempts to strip healthcare away from everyone, so they will settle for just taking health decisions away from women. We settled this issue 40 years ago. Women have the constitutionally pro-tected right to manage their own bod-ies. I will continue to defend the wom-an’s right to choose and vigorously op-pose any and all attacks against that. 
f 
URGING SUPPORT OF MICAH’S LAW (Mr. L
AHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, at 20 weeks into a pregnancy, babies can hear music, respond to human voices, and, most importantly, they can feel pain. These are our children at their most vulnerable, yet current law con-tinues to allow for abortions to take place even after this point in a preg-nancy. That is why I have been a strong sup-porter of Micah’s Law, which is legisla-tion that would prohibit abortion after 20 weeks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.019 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7685 October 3, 2017 
This bill is not a partisan issue but, instead, a moral issue. By passing this law, every year we would be saving over 12,000 babies who can feel pain and hear our voices. It should be noted that this proposal has seen bipartisan sup-port across the country. In fact, 60 per-cent of Americans support prohibiting abortions after 20 weeks, including 63 percent of those who consider them-selves pro-choice. This legislation is about nothing less than protecting those who cannot pro-tect themselves. We remain one of only seven countries in the entire world that continues to allow abortions after 20 weeks. We must act to change this. I urge my colleagues to join me today in sup-porting the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, or Micah’s Law. 
f 
A CALL TO RENEW YOUR STATUS UNDER DACA (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because this Thursday, October 5, is an important deadline: 154,000 young men and women have until this Thursday to renew their status under the Deferred Action for Childhood Ar-rivals program, or DACA. Those 154,000 DACA recipients, whose authorization expires before March 6, 2018, must renew their application. If you are one of them, please send in your application today. Under the new DACA rules, you are entitled to receive two more years of deferral, but only if the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services receives your application by October 5. If you have not already sent in your application, send it in the fast-est way possible. A regular first class stamp will likely not arrive in time. My district is home to many DACA beneficiaries known as DREAMers. Do not wait. To all the other DREAMers, I say: Don’t lose hope. You have the sup-port of the vast majority of the Amer-ican people, and we are fighting every day to get the Dream Act to the House floor. 
f 
CELEBRATING NATIONAL 4–H WEEK (Mr. MARSHALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, the first week of October marks the cele-bration of an organization very near and dear to my parents’ hearts, as well as many friends. It is National 4–H Week. It is a time to reflect on the im-portance of youth development and mentoring within our communities. 4– H was founded to be focused on youth within rural and agricultural areas. It teaches essential skills and the impor-tance of community service. Today, 4–H has evolved into a global network covering over 50 countries. As the Nation’s largest youth leadership organization, 4–H exemplifies the kind of learning, engagement, and leader-ship that is needed in our country. Their many programs focus on health, science, agriculture, and citizenship in a positive mentoring environment. The experience teaches young people lead-ership lessons, as well as the value of practical skills and hands-on learning. f 
HONORING ELAINE NEKRITZ (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a dedicated public serv-ant, terrific mentor, and good friend, Elaine Nekritz, who retired this week as State representative for Illinois’ 57th District. For more than 14 years, Elaine has ably represented the communities of Buffalo Grove, Arlington Heights, Northbrook, Wheeling, Palatine, Mount Prospect, and Prospect Heights in the Illinois House of Representa-tives. During this time, she has been an outspoken advocate for her constitu-ents, a passionate defender of the envi-ronment, and a champion for women’s rights. Future generations in Illinois will benefit from Elaine’s work to invest in infrastructure, including a high-speed rail link between Chicago and St. Louis. Her smart backing of criminal jus-tice reform ensures more young offend-ers have an opportunity to reform their lives through juvenile court. The residents of the 57th District will miss her energy, dedication, and tire-less communication with her constitu-ents. I am personally grateful for Elaine’s service and wish her the best and her husband, Barry, the very best in what-ever comes next. 
f 
HONORING PASTOR LORAN LIVINGSTON (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Pastor Loran Living-ston and his wife, Sandra, in recogni-tion of their 40 years of ministry at Central Church of God in Charlotte, North Carolina. God has used the Livingstons to grow and lead a church that truly impacts the Charlotte community and the world. Each week, over 6,000 people gather together for a wonderful praise and worship experience, along with a dynamic biblical message from Pastor Livingston. Under their leadership, the congrega-tion actively serves those in poverty, provides help for women facing an un-planned pregnancy all the way through life, and programs to assist seniors. Central Church also hosts an annual 5K race to raise awareness in the fight against human trafficking. If you want to address race relations in Charlotte, a good place to start is Central Church, where 40-plus nation-alities worship together every Sunday hearing the love of Jesus. Thank God for Pastor and Mrs. Liv-ingston and their dedication to Christ, Central Church, the Charlotte commu-nity, and their various missions around the world. f 
SENDING CONDOLENCES TO NE-VADAN FAMILIES AND VICTIMS OF LAS VEGAS SHOOTING (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, the resilience of Nevadans, brave and caring, is in sharp contrast to the murdering of innocent victims we just witnessed. Our hearts go out to the families of the victims throughout our country who were only interested in a peaceful and joyful evening. One of those was Jennifer Irvine, a young San Diego lawyer who was killed in the attack. Let’s also recognize the heroes, like Tyler Winston, a San Diegan who saved dozens of victims at the concert by driving a makeshift am-bulance and taking people to the hos-pital. Every single life lost to gun vio-lence should elicit sorrow and action. Mr. Speaker, then why is it so hard for us to talk about this? Why can’t we come together in a bipartisan, bi-cameral way? Where is the concern? We have had too many moments of silence in this Chamber for mass shoot-ings. Why are we not moved when people are dying in our districts daily? The American people send condo-lences and they deserve action. 
f 
PROTECTING THE GOD-GIVEN SOULS OF THE UNBORN (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I cannot think of a more important issue to get right than protecting the God- given souls of the unborn and their right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. I will never forget listening to the heartbeat of my first child, Nathan. I cried all the way to the car, praising God for this miracle, and the words of the Psalmist came to me: ‘‘You formed me in my inward parts; you knit me to-gether in my mother’s womb.’’ Currently, the United States is one of only seven developed countries that allow elective abortions after 20 weeks. That puts us on the same moral equiv-alent, in this regard, to China and North Korea. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 36. I stand with the vulnerable and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.021 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7686 October 3, 2017 
voiceless, and I kneel in submission to the author of life and ask for His bless-ings on this country and this initia-tive. 
f 
HONORING PALM SPRINGS POLICE OFFICERS JOSE VEGA AND LES-LEY ZEREBNY (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the lives of Palm Springs Police Officers Jose ‘‘Gil’’ Vega and Lesley Zerebny, who were tragically shot and killed 1 year ago in the line of duty. Officer Vega lived by the mantra of ‘‘To Serve and Protect.’’ He served our community for nearly 35 years and was just 2 months away from retirement when he was taken from his family and our community. Officer Lesley Zerebny had recently returned to work following the birth of her daughter, Cora. Now a year old, Cora will never hold her mother. Lesley’s community will always re-member her as a fighter and a pro-tector. This weekend, the entire Coachella Valley community will honor their memory by dedicating a 4-mile stretch of Highway 111 in their honor. I am proud of our community for supporting the Vega and Zerebny families. Let’s come together to ensure they have what they need to mourn, recover, and prosper. Officers Vega, Zerebny, and family: We honor you for your sacrifice, and we are grateful for your service. Officer Vega and Officer Zerebny, end of watch, October 8, 2016. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF TAX REFORM (Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in sup-port of H. Con. Res. 71. It has been said frequently that our Federal Tax Code today is more than 60 times longer than the Bible, and it contains none of the good news. It has been more than 30 years since we updated our tax system, and many Americans are struggling to make ends meet, to find decent paying jobs and prepare for retirement. No matter where I travel in my dis-trict, Mr. Speaker, Louisiana’s Fourth District, I hear story after story about how our excessive Tax Code and bur-densome regulations continue to hinder our businesses and stunt our economic growth. Congress must act now and deliver a Tax Code that meets the current de-mands of the 21st century economy. Fortunately, my Republican col-leagues and I have put forth a frame-work to do exactly that. Our plan will create more jobs, fairer taxes, and big-ger paychecks for working class Ameri-cans and small businesses. When the people are allowed to keep more of their hard-earned dollars in-stead of turning them over to an al-ready bloated Federal Government, we will unleash the free market again. It is well past time we get our econ-omy back on track, and passing mean-ingful tax reform is a crucial first step in completing that mission. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO RICHARD THELEN (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to pay tribute to an in-credible constituent in my district, Richard Thelen. Seventy-two years ago, Mr. Thelen was aboard the USS Indianapolis with nearly 1,200 others when it was hit by two Japanese torpedoes and sank with-in a matter of minutes. He and 318 men of the crew survived 5 days in the ocean surrounded by sharks without any food or drinking water. He defied truly remarkable odds. After this ordeal, Mr. Thelen went on to finish high school and was honor-ably discharged from the Navy. He was a truck driver for more than 40 years and raised six children. Today, he is 89 years young, and it is a privilege to have him as a part of the Eighth Dis-trict community. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inform this body that I am prepared to intro-duce legislation to honor Mr. Thelen of Lansing, Michigan, and the rest of his shipmates, with the Congressional Gold Medal award. As we remember the survivors of this terrible tragedy, those we lost, and the recent finding of the ship itself, we thank you, Mr. Thelen, for your val-iant service to our country. 
f 
b1230 COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS (Mr. BARR asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to act quickly to reauthorize the Community Health Center Fund, which expired last week on September 30. Community health centers provide cost-effective and accessible primary care, mental health counseling, and substance abuse treatment for over 27 million patients nationally, including over 200,000 of my constituents in Ken-tucky’s Sixth District. The upfront Federal investment in community health centers leads to sav-ings down the road by fighting the cycle of opioid addiction, preventing more complex health conditions, and diverting patients away from higher cost centers of care, such as the emer-gency room. I have visited community health cen-ters in my district, including White House Clinics, Sterling Health Solu-tions, Family Care of Bluegrass, and HealthFirst Bluegrass, and I have wit-nessed firsthand what a difference these organizations make in providing much needed care to at-risk Kentuck-ians. Without the support of the Commu-nity Health Center Fund, these CHCs may soon be forced to cut back serv-ices, lay off staff, or even shut down clinics. Mr. Speaker, admittedly, there is a robust debate in this country and a wide diversity of opinion about healthcare reform, the ACA, and what repeal and replacing the ACA should look like, but we should all agree that community health centers are part of the solution. f 
PROTECTING THE UNBORN (Mr. ABRAHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my support to the Pain- Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. This legislation is crucial toward protecting the most vulnerable among us: the unborn. As a doctor, it is my job to stay cur-rent with the latest medical research, and I have done so in my job in Con-gress, too. The research overwhelmingly shows that children 20 weeks or less are capa-ble of showing pain. This is brought forth by the fact that when an in-utero procedure is done, both the mother and the unborn child are given anesthesia. Not to do so allows that child to recoil in pain and show a stress response in the uterus. I have heard, personally, as a physi-cian, heartbeats in babies as early as 6 weeks of age in utero. So this legislation is critical, it is needed, it is past due, and I urge my colleagues to support this. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 36, PAIN-CAPABLE UN-BORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 548 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 548 Resolved, That upon adoption of this res-olution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provi-sions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on the Ju-diciary; and (2) one motion to recommit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:46 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.023 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7687 October 3, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Wyoming is recognized for 1 hour. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), pend-ing which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Resolution 548, which provides a closed rule for consideration of H.R. 36, the Pain-Ca-pable Unborn Child Protection Act. This important bill protects and ex-tends compassion to the most vulner-able among us, the unborn, by prohib-iting abortions, with limited excep-tions, after the point at which sci-entific evidence shows that an unborn child can feel pain. Mr. Speaker, this really should be called Micah’s bill in honor of a little boy named Micah Pickering, who was here on the Hill last week with his mom. He was born at 20 weeks old. And we saw, and we see from babies like Micah, that with the right medical care, babies born at 20 weeks can sur-vive and grow into healthy adults. Micah’s mother spoke last week about her experiences: ‘‘When Micah was born, his eyes were still fused shut. His bones were not hardened yet. He couldn’t breathe on his own. He was medicated to stay comfortable from pain. We were told not to touch his skin, as his skin was so sensitive it could hurt him and tear the skin. I was there to see his first set of hiccups, his first sneezes, and his first drop of milk placed on his lips. His first smile, his first laugh. He was alive. He was fight-ing. He wanted to live.’’ Today, Mr. Speaker, Micah is a healthy 5-year-old boy. Babies like Micah at 20 weeks have well developed brains and central nerv-ous systems, developed enough so that medical evidence has increasingly con-firmed these babies feel pain, and not only pain, but intense and possibly ex-cruciating pain. Research also indicates that, after 20 weeks, an unborn baby’s responses to painful stimuli are similar to adult re-sponses, to the extent that when sur-geons, Mr. Speaker, are performing in- utero surgery, corrective procedures on these unborn children, surgeons have seen babies flinch, jerk, and recoil from those sharp objects and incisions. In response to this, Mr. Speaker, sur-geons routinely now administer anes-thesia to unborn children in the womb before performing surgery. This anes-thesia has been associated with a sig-nificant increase in babies’ stress hor-mone levels during medical procedures. Mr. Speaker, late-term abortions, usually performed by inducing labor after the fetus has been injected with a lethal pharmacological agent or by the horrific practice of dismemberment, causing babies intense pain, should be illegal, and that is what this bill en-sures. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that this bill also takes important steps to protect women, providing exceptions for those cases of rape, and incest, and the life of the mother. H.R. 36 also provides women with a cause of action, allowing them to sue abortionists who don’t provide protec-tion for aborted babies who are born alive. The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-tection Act protects the sanctity of life by ensuring protection from pain for the most vulnerable among us. Mr. Speaker, this is a moral obliga-tion of this House and of our govern-ment. Therefore, I urge support for the rule to allow for consideration of H.R. 36. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, 44 years ago, the Su-preme Court issued its landmark Roe v. Wade decision. It reaffirmed the con-stitutionally protected right of every woman to safe and legal healthcare, in-cluding the right to choose. When life puts a woman in even the toughest of circumstances, the highest court in the land said the decision that she makes should be hers, free from any interference from the government. Roe v. Wade is a firewall that women rely on, but with every passing year and every new session of Congress, politicians have tried to chip away at it brick by brick, hoping it will crum-ble away. Most politicians are not medical pro-fessionals. We shouldn’t be meddling in healthcare decisions that should be made between a woman, her doctor, her family, and anyone else that she choos-es to include. The American people are tired of politicians who are not doc-tors, often playing one on television with this medical decision. This is the only medical procedure that Congress has made an attempt to regulate, the only one, and it says quite plainly: We can’t trust women to make a decision; we have to do it for them. The majority tries to direct this over and over again. The medical professionals whom we should be listening to all oppose this ban. The American College of Obstetri-cians and Gynecologists call it a part of a legislative agenda that is ‘‘not based on sound science’’ and that ‘‘at-tempt to prescribe how physicians should care for their patients.’’ That certainly speaks it loudly. The American Medical Association said that it ‘‘strongly condemns any interference by the government or other third parties that causes a physi-cian to compromise his or her medical judgment as to what information or treatment is in the best interest of the patient.’’ Conservative political groups have also been pushing the bill to try to use it to run up the score in the next elec-tion. Why do they do it? Well, the main sponsor of this bill has admitted—and I hope everybody hears this; this is a Congressman from Arizona who spon-sors this bill, who admitted the abor-tion bans are, in his words, good poli-tics—‘‘it will cost some people the elec-tion, but it will cost more Democrats the election than it will Republicans. I am convinced that in very few districts in America someone will lose because they voted’’ for this ban. ‘‘And if that is the case, maybe they need a different district anyway,’’ whatever that means. That makes it as plain as day, as far as I am concerned, as to why, year after year, for 40 years, we have been confronted with this. It is abhorrent to me, and it should be to everyone here, that matters of personal conscience are being reduced to who is up and who is down in the polls. This bill is dangerous, and it is un-constitutional. The Supreme Court es-tablished in Roe v. Wade, and re-affirmed in Planned Parenthood v. Casey, that a woman has the unequivo-cal right to choose abortion care. This is the Constitution of the United States that we all justly revere. Meanwhile, every Federal court that has reached a decision on bans like this in States has blocked it every time. This includes rulings striking down bans in States like Arizona, Idaho, Ar-kansas, North Dakota. Mr. Speaker, this bill before us is nothing more than the latest attempt by the majority to pass off political posturing as proven science. Now, after birth, strangely, this body exhibits scarce attention to the well- being of the child, and that is proven by the fact that you cut back on food stamps; Women, Infants, and Children care; daycare; Head Start; one after the other, the same group that couldn’t find it in their hearts last Friday to ex-tend the Children’s Health Insurance Program before it expired, along with community health services, which again helps children. More than 9 mil-lion children in America get their health insurance through the program that expired. The majority did absolutely nothing after 20 children, 6-year-olds and 7- year-olds, were shot and killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, 5 years ago. And funding, as I said, for both food stamps and the school lunch program is routinely cut. I don’t know anything else to call that but pure hypocrisy: We love it until it is born, and then it is some-body else’s problem. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.026 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7688 October 3, 2017 
A 3-year-old girl in my district was recently killed by the adults she be-lieved were supposed to take care of her. They abused her so violently that she was bruised from head to toe and was internally hurt. There were adults around, but not a single one helped her. The Child Protective Services of Monroe County got two reports about abuse and neglect, but the agency was too overworked and stretched too thin to act in time, which is another hypoc-risy: We are not going to fund those programs enough so that little children would live. Three years old, and nobody lifted a finger to help this child. They did nothing to save her life. This is just some of the reality that children face today. All too often, this Congress does absolutely nothing to address it. To truly care about children is to care for them long after they are born. Now, we have taken up this bill be-fore, and it was a one-house bill, never able to pass the Senate, and I sincerely hope this bill sees that same fate. When the American people went to the ballot box, they were electing poli-ticians, not somebody to meddle around with their medical needs. It is simply appalling. Just remind yourself that the only procedure that we deal with is the fact of a woman’s right to choose, which is protected by the Con-stitution of the United States. Enough already. Mr. Speaker, the majority acts like a group of elected physicians. It has some. They are quiet. It is shameful. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1245 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I appreciate the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today not as an elected doctor, not as any elected thing except as a Member of Congress. But also I rise today as a father of a child who we were told before she was born that it would probably be best to kill her; that she had a disability, and it was probably best that there would be better choices for us to make in life than to not have her. I rise today for Micah’s bill simply for those that the statement has been made that once children are here, there are problems that are political choices and life circumstances. Those are things that we have to deal with and that we should actually look at, but those are only available for those who are lucky enough to have a birthday. This bill is really about a birthday. It is about giving the unborn a chance at life. It is interesting to me today, Mr. Speaker, that many medical profes-sionals who are against this bill also will choose to anesthetize those same babies in the womb because of their re-action to the procedure. They don’t want to talk about that. They want to talk about something else. But I simply come back to saying that this bill is about life. And maybe, it is said, that this is something we are talking about, a procedure, but it is talking about life and it is talking about birthdays. It is talking about that life in that womb matters, and the potential from life until death is some-thing that I believe God has given. When we understand that, let’s take it out of the realm of choosing a choice. We are standing here today and I am standing here today to take up for the rights of that baby in the womb and making sure that birthdays come, that life happens. When you look at someone like Micah and you under-stand that many people would have wrote them off as unviable, God had a different choice, and that is, today, that young boy that was on Capitol Hill last week. But it doesn’t take Micah for me. It just takes Jordan for me, my 25-year- old who just texted me just a few min-utes ago to say: Daddy, I love you. Over 25 years ago someone told me and my wife that she was not worth having. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today to stand for those still in the womb wait-ing for life. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLE-
MAN). Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, today I rise for Kerri from New Jersey. This is her story. With the help of a fertility specialist, Kerri and her husband were thrilled to be expecting their first baby in Janu-ary of 2016. All of Kerri’s tests and scans were looking great until the 20- week ultrasound. Kerri recounts: Our ultrasound tech spent a lot of time looking at her heart, and, finally, the doctor from ma-ternal fetal medicine came in. As she scanned, she told Kerri and her husband that there were some se-vere brain and heart abnormalities. The doctor also told them the chest cavity was small and that the lungs were not developing properly. A few days later, a geneticist told Kerri and her husband that the baby had three copies of every chromosome, a very rare condition. The doctor informed them that infants born with this condi-tion very rarely survive more than a few days after delivery. According to Kerri: We both calmly made the decision to have an abortion. We did not want our little girl to suf-fer. We would much rather take on that suffering for her. On behalf of Kerri, New Jerseyans, and women everywhere, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule and vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Mis-souri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ). Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud today to stand and support this rule that will allow for the passage of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protec-tion Act, which is also known as Micah’s Law. The underlying legisla-tion will protect thousands of unborn babies from the excruciating pain of abortion. Twenty weeks post-fertilization is an incredible milestone in pregnancy for moms and their unborn babies. Chil-dren at this stage in development have fingers and toes, and they have well-de-veloped neurological structures that can feel pain. In fact, babies at this age are hypersensitive, feeling pain more acutely than you and me. Preemies, children born at the begin-ning of the sixth month, just like Micah, can survive outside the womb. These babies are the future doctors, nurses, scientists, teachers, law en-forcement officers in our country. H.R. 36 protects this next generation of America’s children. Our country is unified in protecting life at 20 weeks. Six in ten Americans support the pain- capable legislation, and 20 States have passed similar legislation. Let’s put an end to the abortion of these potential children. Let’s support this rule. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M
ALONEY ). Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak for April and against this uncon-stitutional underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, her story is about one of the most complex and painful deci-sions a woman can face, but it would have been even more painful if this bill that we are debating, which is opposed by the American Medical Association, was the law at the time. Eighteen weeks into her pregnancy, she and her husband discovered that their baby had a birth defect, a lethal skeletal dysplasia, and was incompat-ible with life. The baby would never be able to breathe on its own. The baby would either die in utero or die imme-diately at birth. She was heartbroken. She went to other doctors for more tests. These tests took additional weeks. Tragically, the tests confirmed the diagnosis. At 21 weeks, April had an abortion. With this bill, the Federal Government would compel every woman like April against their will to carry to term a fetus that they knew would either be stillborn or would suffer and die at birth. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this underlying bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind all Members to heed the gavel. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 36, Micah’s Law, which I proudly co-sponsored. It is said that nations are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.027 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7689 October 3, 2017 
judged by how we care for our weakest members. There are no more vulner-able than a preborn child, whom, unfor-tunately, we fail to protect. The United States is one of only seven nations that allow elective abor-tions after 20 weeks of pregnancy, when science confirms that the babies feel pain. Accompanying us on this list are China and North Korea, nations with disturbing records of human rights vio-lations. Mr. Speaker, this is not simply about a medical procedure. It is about life. Micah Pickering was born at 22 weeks. He is now a happy, healthy kinder-gartner. There is a lot of talk around here about life. This bill is about life. It is not about being lucky enough to have a birthday. It is about giving every child the opportunity to grow, and we are responsible for them. We should take that action seriously. I cosponsor the bill, I vote for the bill, and I urge everyone support Micah’s Law. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise for my constituent, Allie, because we should not be playing politics in Congress with women’s health choices and with the family decisionmaking rights of all Americans. Last spring, Allie and her husband were thrilled to learn that she was pregnant with their second child. A few months later, they found themselves heartbroken in a doctor’s office in order to terminate a pregnancy that they had so badly wanted. Everything had gone smoothly until about 12 weeks, when a routine test re-turned with extremely abnormal re-sults. Allie and her husband hoped for the best and waited several more weeks until they could perform an amnio. Sadly, the results of the amnio were unbearable. They found that the fetus had grown from a compromised cell line. There were multiple genetic anomalies that would result if the pregnancy continued to term in a child with extraordinarily grave and un-treatable physical, cognitive, and de-velopmental problems. The news was crushing and the deci-sion was agonizing, but Allie knew the path forward for her family was clear. She would become part of the tiny group of women having abortions after 20 weeks, less than 2 percent of all abortions. But Allie’s story doesn’t end with the decision that she and her husband made. Because she is a Federal em-ployee, the Hyde amendment prevented her insurance from covering her abor-tion services. Fortunately, Maryland is a State where we respect women’s choices, and Allie was able to go to a clinic and she paid $900 out of pocket. Allie recovered quickly from the pro-cedure and she was able to get preg-nant shortly thereafter. This summer, Allie and her husband were thrilled to welcome a beloved second child into their family. Mr. Speaker, Allie has one thing to say to lawmakers here today: We made the choices that are best for our fam-ily, and I trust all women to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, an overwhelming majority of Americans—some 60 to 64 percent, ac-cording to pollsters—support legal pro-tection for pain-capable unborn chil-dren at, at least, the 20th week, or about 5 months. Today we know that unborn babies not only die, but suffer excruciating pain during dismemberment abortion, a cruelty that rips arms and legs off of a helpless child. Even Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy, the swing vote on the court in the Stenberg vs. Carhart decision said: ‘‘The fetus, in many cases, dies just as a human adult or child would. It bleeds to death as it is torn limb from limb.’’ He points out that, with a D&E dis-memberment abortion, ‘‘the fetus can be alive at the beginning of the dis-memberment process and can survive for a time while its limbs are being torn off.’’ Mr. Speaker, even if pain wasn’t present, dismembering a child is vio-lence against children, and it is inhu-mane. But these babies at this age ac-tually suffer. Dr. Robert White, a professor of neu-rology at Case Western Reserve Univer-sity, has said: ‘‘An unborn child at 20 weeks is fully capable of experiencing pain. Without question, abortion is a dreadfully painful experience for that child.’’ Dr. Colleen Malloy, a professor at the Division of Neonatology at North-western, in her testimony before the House Judiciary Committee said: ‘‘When we speak of infants at 20 weeks post-fertilization, we no longer have to rely on inference or ultrasound im-agery because such premature patients are kicking, moving, and reacting and developing right before our eyes in the neonatal intensive care unit. ‘‘ Again, these children are there being assisted, and if you touch them, if you try to dismember them once they are born, they will feel the pain. In like manner, an unborn child at 20 weeks’ gestation will feel the pain. She points out that she would never, ever commit such cruelty to a child. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this legislation, H.R. 36. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Mr. Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding and for her lead-ership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, after what has hap-pened in the last couple of days, this terrible tragedy in Las Vegas, this Con-gress should be spending every minute focusing on what we were sent here to do: taking action to enact common-sense safety measures to reduce gun vi-olence. But what do we hear on that subject from the leadership on the Republican side? Nothing. But what we get is yet an-other attack on the individual rights of women in this country to make deci-sions about their own healthcare, about their bodies, about themselves. Those sorts of decisions should be made between a woman and her doctor. This has been confirmed by the Su-preme Court of the United States. Peo-ple in Washington, D.C., sitting in this Congress, should not be able to inter-fere in the private health decisions that women can only make for them-selves. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE). b1300 Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to send my love and prayers to the victims and the family members of those who were hurt in Ne-vada. I would also like to plead to the American people today to be good to one another. We have enough people out there outside of our country trying to hurt us. We have enough natural dis-asters trying to tear down our homes and tear up our lives that we don’t have to do that to each other. I rise today as an American, as a wife, and mainly as a mother to ad-dress some of the double standards that we have in this country. As a member of the Select Panel on Infant Lives, I learned that Federal law increases criminal penalties for crimes involving pregnant women. These laws give pro-tections to the mother and her unborn child—rightfully so. However, this begs the question: When does the unborn have a right to protection just like their mother? Obviously, this is an important issue. Why is abortion not considered mur-der and killing a pregnant woman a double homicide? Martin Luther King, Jr., said this about the civil rights movement: ‘‘The Negro cannot win as long as he is will-ing to sacrifice the lives of his children for comfort and safety.’’ How can the dream survive if we murder our chil-dren? Each human life should be protected under the rule of law. Each life that feels pain should be free from being tortured. I cannot believe that we are here on the floor of the House, the people’s House, continuing to plead and advo-cate for life. I am asking that we sup-port H.R. 36 and help provide these pro-tections for our unborn. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. J
UDYCHU). Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, today I rise for Dr. Jennifer and her patients. This is their story. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.029 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7690 October 3, 2017 
Dr. Jennifer’s patients come from my home State of California. They were a married couple on their second preg-nancy. They were so excited to grow their family. But they discovered, at 22 weeks, that the fetus was severely growth-restricted, had no fluid around it, had a cardiac anomaly, and would not survive the pregnancy. Although this was a wanted pregnancy, they chose to terminate the pregnancy at 23 weeks rather than prolong the suf-fering of the mother and her fetus. Dr. Jennifer wants lawmakers to know that abortion restrictions would have forced her patient to carry this pregnancy until the fetus died in the womb, despite the medical advice that their baby would not survive to term. H.R. 36 and policies like it deny fami-lies their constitutional right to a choice about how they want to move forward with medical decisions that impact their bodies and their families. On behalf of Dr. Jennifer and her pa-tients, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. We must stop these bans. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the rule and the underlying legislation. The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-tection Act, or Micah’s Law, is of ut-most importance. Not only does the bill recognize the common humanity and inherent rights that we share with the most vulnerable members of our so-ciety, it offers our Nation an oppor-tunity to prevent excruciating pain for those same members, and it will stop a form of violence that has gone on for too long. This bill is a step forward in reversing a culture of violence and re-storing a culture of life. The Congressional Budget Office esti-mates that passage of this legislation will save 2,750 children per year. That is 2,750 girls and boys who will have a chance to contribute to our society. If you want to facilitate a culture of life, vote for this bill. If you want to begin to prevent violence in our coun-try, vote for this bill. I urge all my col-leagues to support this legislation. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ). Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise for Jessica. This is her story. Jessica’s second pregnancy was dif-ficult. At about 12 weeks, she discov-ered she was bleeding. After weeks of calls with midwives, visits to special-ists, and numerous tests, it wasn’t until 22 weeks, 5 days into her preg-nancy when she was told the tragic news that her baby had a rare birth de-fect and would likely not survive through the two surgeries she would have needed. Jessica made the dif-ficult, heartbreaking decision to end her pregnancy. Under this bill, there would be no-where for Jessica to turn. Jessica wants lawmakers to know, in her own words: ‘‘I am so incredibly thankful that my daughter never had to suffer. . . . I am still grieving and I think I al-ways will be. Having an abortion was the most compassionate choice I had available to me. My daughter deserved compassion.’’ A decision like Jessica’s should be between the woman and her doctor, no one else. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. We must stop the bans. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. KELLY ). Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the rule and the underlying legislation. We come here today, of course, as Members of Congress, but as we look at what happened in our country the last several weeks, one of the things that has been lauded very much is first re-sponders, those who are rushing to the scene to help people who have been af-fected, who are going through pain and suffering. I would like you to consider today’s legislation and the rule, as we are first responders. We stand for life. We stand for the ability, as a people, and there is no other nation in the world like the American people who respond when other people are in trouble, when they are suffering, when they are in pain, when their lives are in danger. And yet we turn a blind eye and a deaf ear to what we are doing to these children. These are little boys and little girls waiting to be born. If we do not stand for them, who will stand for them? If we are not the first responders, who will be the first responders? If it is not us in the people’s House who go beyond the hypocrisy of a polit-ical statement and go about the reason we are here—it is the people’s House because we defend those people—let us be the first responders when it comes to pain and suffering. Let us pass this bill and stop this inhuman activity that we are doing. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, let’s talk about pain here today. Let’s talk about Leslie and her hus-band, who found out that they were pregnant and were thrilled. Unfortu-nately, the pregnancy did not go well. Tests revealed that Leslie’s fetus’ brain never divided into two separate hemi-spheres, giving her child no chance for survival. Let’s talk about pain. By the time the test exposed this tragic news, Leslie was over 20 weeks pregnant, but she lived in a State with-out an abortion ban. Now she lives in Wisconsin, where abortions after 20 weeks are illegal. Had she lived there during this time, she would have been forced to deliver a baby and be preg-nant for 20 more weeks, compounding the emotional horror of the experience. Let’s talk about pain. In Leslie’s own words: ‘‘I still mourn my daughter every day, but I cannot begin to understand how a position that would rather see me dead and nei-ther of my sons ever born just to pro-long a tragically doomed pregnancy can be called ‘pro-life.’’’ On behalf of Leslie, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. We must stop the bans and stop the pain. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ). Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I think we should talk about pain on the floor today because, when you talk to physicians and OB/GYNs, they will tell you that, if they are doing work, if they are doing an amniocentesis, then that baby feels pain, that baby re-sponds, that child in the womb. So I would encourage my colleagues, talk to Dr. R
OE, talk to some of the OB/GYNs who serve in this Chamber, because they fully understand, as we understand, that the gift of life is not something that comes through the law. That is a natural gift. That is a gift of God. And that child who is receiving that life, who is held in the womb, if they are poked or prodded or there is an uncomfortable situation, they expe-rience pain. That is why this legisla-tion is referred to as the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. I encourage support of this legisla-tion. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I remind the House that the House keeps the District of Columbia from spending its own funds for low-income women who want to end a pregnancy at even 1 week. But today I rise for Christy Zink, a District of Columbia resident who was a mother of one, soon-to-be mother of two. However, at 21 weeks, an MRI de-tected a fetal anomaly regarding her unborn son’s brain. A critical part of the brain of the fetus had simply not developed. She decided to end the preg-nancy at almost 22 weeks. On behalf of Christy Zink, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. We must stop the bans. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 36, the Pain- Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, which I was among one of the first co-sponsors. God bless Representative T
RENT FRANKS for his tireless leader-ship. This is a commonsense, pro-life bill that prohibits late-term elective abor-tions on unborn babies after 20 weeks postfertilization. At this tender age, they can feel the excruciating pain of abortion. America has always been a beacon for human rights. Yet, according to a 2014 report by the Charlotte Lozier In-stitute, the U.S. is among just seven countries that permit elective abortion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.031 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7691 October 3, 2017 
past 20 weeks. These countries include China and North Korea. Our Nation suffers an egregious of-fense to be listed with North Korea and China, two oppressive regimes that show no respect for human life or human rights in allowing the killing of these precious babies as they endure these cruel abortions. This bill is important, as we speak for those who cannot speak for them-selves. As an engaged and active mem-ber of the Congressional Pro-Life Cau-cus, I fully support this bill, as I stand for life. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ). Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise for Rose from Michigan. In Rose’s first pregnancy, which was planned and very wanted, severe brain abnormalities were detected in the 22nd week. She made the decision, she said ‘‘I will take that risk,’’ because the doctor said there was a 70 percent chance that the child would be able to function. But at 28 weeks, the doctor made an analysis that said a severe brain condition with a life expectancy under 4 years, with severe seizures and limited development. We are talking about suffering now. The baby would have problems swal-lowing, breathing, even smiling. The baby would never be able to commu-nicate or control her body. And today we are talking about suffering. Rose made the choice between a short, painful life and peace. She chose the latter. Rose says: ‘‘I believe we made the most compassionate and loving choice we could for our baby, but the grief was initially overwhelming.’’ On behalf of Rose, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. We must stop the bans. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I think that it is important to ac-knowledge the pain of the cases that those on the other side of the aisle are mentioning. But I would note, Mr. Speaker, that there has been no men-tion, no discussion on the other side of the aisle about the pain that these ba-bies feel, and that when you are in a situation like the ones that have been described, what is happening is those babies are being subjected to really, of-tentimes, a horrific procedure. The question is, because a baby is found to have some chromosomal anomaly, to have some very severe handicap, whether or not they deserve to be sub-jected to the pain we now know they feel. b1315 In fact, Mr. Speaker, we have seen work done by Northwestern University that demonstrates that the pain that these young preemies feel may, in fact, be even worse than the pain that older babies feel, because the pain inhibitors develop later in life than the pain re-ceptors do. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle not to ignore the challenges and the issues involved here with respect to the pain that these babies feel. I would also note, Mr. Speaker, that the CBO, in a very un-usual step, has assessed that this bill itself would save 2,750 lives annually. That is something that the CBO doesn’t often do, but it is very impor-tant for us to recognize. I don’t think we can have a discus-sion about this bill, about these issues, without acknowledging the pain that these babies feel, and I would urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to focus on that as well. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 20 seconds. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate what my colleague is saying, but there is no sci-entific evidence or proof that an un-born fetus feels the pain. That is one of the reasons we are not discussing it over here. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ). Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for yielding. For over 40 years, the landmark Supreme Court decision, Roe v. Wade, has stood as a bulwark protection for women’s reproductive rights and healthcare rights. Now, in 2017, House Republicans are leading yet another unconstitutional, dangerous, and outright assault on women’s health and privacy. This ex-treme bill not only takes aim at Roe v. Wade by lowering the ban on abortion to 20 weeks, it goes even further by promising to throw doctors in jail. This is a cynical, repugnant effort by Re-publicans to pander to a far-right base while jeopardizing women’s health—all for a political payoff. At the same time this House is con-sidering a measure restricting a wom-an’s right to choose, we have not found time to assist 3.5 million American citizens who are suffering and dying in Puerto Rico. You call that pro-life? I urge Republicans: listen to the major-ity of Americans who support a wom-an’s right to privacy and a safe abor-tion. Reject this shameful bill. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me just say, Mr. Speaker, that the scientific evidence is extensive in terms of the pain that these unborn ba-bies feel. In particular, the standard of care, Mr. Speaker, for babies who are born prematurely, as well as for babies who are patients in vitro, is to provide anesthesia. And that standard of care is based upon evidence that these ba-bies have pain receptors, that these ba-bies react to pain, and that they feel pain. Mr. Speaker, I think the notion that there is no scientific evidence for this is flat wrong. I don’t think we can ig-nore the example of babies like Micah, babies who are born, babies who grow up to lead very full and healthy lives and who deserve a chance. Mr. Speaker, I think that as individ-uals and as Representatives, elected Representatives, it is our obligation, in fact, to do everything we can to pro-tect these babies, and that is what this bill is about. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ), a doctor. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, like every physician, I took an oath to do no harm and make every decision in the best interest of my patients in the emergency department. That oath drives every choice a doc-tor makes, whether it is prescribing medications, treating chronic illnesses, and even choosing how best to triage and treat a trauma patient. H.R. 36 would stand in the way of a doctor’s ability to best care for their patients. This bill would force doctors to ignore the symptoms that they have learned through years of training and practice that show a patient’s condition could become a more serious medical condi-tion. Can you imagine going into your doc-tor’s office as a pregnant woman and being told your twins would not live and that giving birth could rupture your uterus, causing severe bleeding? That is what happened to Phil and his wife from Missouri. They learned at week 21 that she was at risk of a rup-tured uterus and that the twins would die because of twin-twin transfusion syndrome. Phil said: ‘‘Decisions about abortion need to be made with families and the best medical information available.’’ I couldn’t agree more. A physician’s sole focus should be the health of their pa-tient, not the consequences of an arbi-trary law that has no basis in medical evidence, and no basis that this bill is even necessary or that it will improve health outcomes. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from California. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, that is why, as a physician and a father, I oppose this legislation. We need less bureau-cratic obstacles that get in the way of a doctor caring for their patients. We cannot interfere with a provider’s abil-ity to deliver the best care for their pa-tients. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act, which deals with children as well. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation would help thousands of young people, chil-dren, who are Americans in every way except on paper. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:22 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.033 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7692 October 3, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO), to discuss our pro-posal. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, President Barack Obama, under his executive powers, established the DACA program which temporarily protected immi-grants who were brought to the U.S. as children from potential deportation. Our Nation made a promise to DREAMers that by coming out of the shadows, following the rules and laws of our great land, they would not be de-ported to a foreign country that they never knew or barely remembered. DREAMers came to the United States under no volition of their own as young children, making this country the only home most have ever known. DREAMers have jobs, pay taxes, and contribute to the prosperity of our Na-tion’s economy. Since its implementa-tion, the DACA program has added over 50,000 jobs to our economy. Nine-ty-three percent of DREAMers are cur-rently employed. Over the next decade, DACA bene-ficiaries are projected to contribute $460 billion to our Nation’s GDP; $24.6 billion in Medicare and Social Secu-rity; and an estimated $2.5 billion an-nually for State and Federal contribu-tions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York. However, on September 5, President Trump an-nounced he would end DACA and look to Congress to develop a legislative so-lution for DACA recipients. Well, Congress has a solution. It is H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. We have heard about it from sea to shining sea. The Dream Act would allow DREAMers to earn lawful permanent residence with a pathway to citizenship. It would also give them the opportunity to con-tinue contributing to their commu-nities by encouraging them to pursue higher education, work for at least 3 years, or serve in our United States military. To qualify under the Dream Act, a person must graduate from high school, pass a background check, dem-onstrate proficiency in the English lan-guage, and not have a felony or any other serious crime that could pose a threat to our country. With the DACA set to expire, now is the time for Con-gress to act. We must bring the Dream Act to the floor for a vote because Congress has been silent for too long. DREAMers are doing their jobs. What we ask is that Congress does theirs. It is time for Con-gress to do its job and pass the Dream Act without delay. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. LAMBORN ). Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I believe Americans are compassionate people. I also believe Americans are an-gered by injustice, and I know Ameri-cans are eager to protect the defense-less. In a past hearing before the Judici-ary Committee on this bill, Dr. Maureen Condic said in her testimony: ‘‘Imposing pain on any pain-capable living creature is cruelty. And ignoring the pain experienced by another human individual for any reason is barbaric.’’ H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, gives us a chance to choose compassion by preventing abortions from taking place if the child is 20 weeks or older. Science proves that not only can these children feel pain, but since their pain inhibitors are undeveloped, they feel pain even more intensely than we can. In Dr. Condic’s words: ‘‘We simply have to decide whether we will choose to ignore the pain of the fetus or not.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am choosing not to ig-nore their pain. I strongly urge my col-leagues to support this compassionate bill. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the majority keeps try-ing to take the women’s personal deci-sion and put it in someone else’s hands. Over the years, they have tried to allow bosses to make the healthcare decisions for their employees. They pushed a bill that would allow women to die if an emergency room employee coming to her aid had a ‘‘conscientious objection’’ to performing an abortion that would save her life. Today, they are trying to pass an abortion ban that would put up even more obstacles and prevent women from receiving safe and legal abortion, which is protected by the Constitution. The bill before us today strikes at the heart of Roe v. Wade. Opponents of the Supreme Court decision have been clear and outspoken that that is pre-cisely their goal. The ban on abortions after 20 weeks does not contain reason-able exceptions for victims of rape and incest. The legislation flies in the face of what the American people—women and men—want us to be doing. The majority must have quickly for-gotten the national Women’s March that took place in January. Millions of persons across the country and around the globe marched in the largest day of protest in our Nation’s history. More than half a million people took to the streets right here in the Nation’s Cap-ital. They sent a message to the major-ity to respect their rights, including their right to choose. If people sometimes ask women why we are still marching and calling and writing about the four decades after the Supreme Court’s Roe v. Wade deci-sion, which it has since upheld, it is be-cause of bills like this. We constantly have to refight the battles our mothers and grandmothers won for us. This leg-islation, again, is proof of that. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question to the rule and the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Arizona for his work on this issue and for introducing this important bill. It is undeniable that we have a much better understanding today of life inside the womb than we did at the time of the passage of Roe v. Wade. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle express a commitment to science in all cases except where it matters most, in those cases that in-volve the preservation of human life. They don’t want to talk about babies. They don’t want to talk about the hor-rific procedures that we are dealing with today, and we have to. It is our obligation to. Mr. Speaker, our country has banned partial-birth abortion in a decision that was upheld by the Supreme Court, and I would just urge my colleagues to look at the decision in that opinion, Gonzales v. Carhart, the decision writ-ten by Justice Kennedy: talking in spe-cific, quoting a nurse, talking about the reaction of a 26-week-old baby who was a victim of partial-birth abortion, what their physical reaction is, the mother of little babies reading that, and the description of what happens to a baby when they are killed—watching their hands expand and then contract, as any mother of a newborn infant has watched many times. It is truly horrific, and I think, as a society, Mr. Speaker, we have to be willing to face the exact nature of what it is we are talking about. We have an obligation as elected Representatives, Mr. Speaker, to protect the lives of these unborn babies. This legislation would do that. We have a moral obligation, and it is our job. It is in the interest of the States to make sure, Mr. Speaker, that we do everything possible to protect life. In this case, Mr. Speaker, we are talking about a bill that would protect babies at moments when we know they can feel pain in the womb. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of both the rule and of H.R. 36 so that we can continue to protect and save lives. The material previously referred to by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 548 O FFERED BY  M
S. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.034 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7693 October 3, 2017 
clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long- term United States residents and who en-tered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 184, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 546] YEAS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.010 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7694 October 3, 2017 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Bridenstine Crowley DesJarlais Deutch Garrett Gutie´rrez Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Kihuen Long Loudermilk Richmond Rosen Speier Thompson (MS) Titus 
b1353 Messrs. TED LIEU of California, O’HALLERAN, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Messrs. LARSON of Connecticut, CARSON of Indiana, CARBAJAL, TAKANO, GARAMENDI, and RUSH changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 546. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 187, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 547] YEAS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Bridenstine Crowley DesJarlais Deutch Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Kihuen Long Loudermilk Marchant Rosen Smucker Titus 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 547. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 652) to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of- hearing newborns, infants, and young children. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 652 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Early Hear-ing Detection and Intervention Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF PROGRAM FOR EARLY DETECTION, DIAGNOSIS, AND TREATMENT REGARDING DEAF AND HARD-OF-HEARING NEWBORNS, IN-FANTS, AND YOUNG CHILDREN. 
(a) S ECTION HEADING .—The section heading of section 399M of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–1) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 399M. EARLY DETECTION, DIAGNOSIS, AND TREATMENT REGARDING DEAF AND HARD-OF-HEARING NEWBORNS, IN-FANTS, AND YOUNG CHILDREN.’’. 
(b) S TATEWIDE SYSTEMS .—Section 399M(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–1(a)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘N
EWBORN AND INFANT ’’ and inserting ‘‘N EW-
BORN , INFANT , ANDYOUNG CHILD’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.007 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7695 October 3, 2017 
(2) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘newborn and infant’’ and inserting ‘‘newborn, infant, and young child’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘providers,’’ and inserting ‘‘providers (including, as appropriate, edu-cation and training of family members),’’; (3) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘newborns and infants’’ and inserting ‘‘newborns, infants, and young children (referred to in this section as ‘chil-dren’)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and medical’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘medical, and communication (or language acquisition) interventions (including family support), for children identified as deaf or hard-of-hearing, consistent with the fol-lowing:’’; (B) in the second sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘Early’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) Early’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘and delivery of’’ and in-serting ‘‘, and delivery of,’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘by schools’’ and all that follows through ‘‘programs mandated’’ and inserting ‘‘by organizations such as schools and agencies (including community, con-sumer, and family-based agencies), in health care settings (including medical homes for children), and in programs mandated’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘hard of hearing’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘hard-of-hearing children.’’; and (C) by striking the last sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘(B) Information provided to families should be accurate, comprehensive, up-to- date, and evidence-based, as appropriate, to allow families to make important decisions for their children in a timely manner, in-cluding decisions with respect to the full range of assistive hearing technologies and communications modalities, as appropriate. ‘‘(C) Programs and systems under this paragraph shall offer mechanisms that foster family-to-family and deaf and hard-of-hear-ing consumer-to-family supports.’’; (4) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘To col-lect’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘To continue to provide tech-nical support to States, through one or more technical resource centers, to assist in fur-ther developing and enhancing State early hearing detection and intervention pro-grams.’’; and (5) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) To identify or develop efficient models (educational and medical) to ensure that children who are identified as deaf or hard- of-hearing through screening receive follow- up by qualified early intervention providers or qualified health care providers (including those at medical homes for children), and re-ferrals, as appropriate, including to early intervention services under part C of the In-dividuals with Disabilities Education Act. State agencies shall be encouraged to effec-tively increase the rate of such follow-up and referral.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE , DATA MANAGE -
MENT , AND APPLIED RESEARCH .—Section 399M(b)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–1(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (B) by striking ‘‘to complement an intra-mural program and’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘or designated entities of States— ‘‘(i) to develop, maintain, and improve data collection systems related to newborn, in-fant, and young child hearing screening, evaluation (including audiologic, medical, and language acquisition evaluations), diag-nosis, and intervention services;’’; (C) by striking ‘‘to conduct’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) to conduct’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘newborn’’ and all that fol-lows through the period and inserting the following: ‘‘newborn, infant, and young child hearing screening, evaluation, and interven-tion programs and outcomes; ‘‘(iii) to ensure quality monitoring of hear-ing screening, evaluation, and intervention programs and systems for newborns, infants, and young children; and ‘‘(iv) to support newborn, infant, and young child hearing screening, evaluation, and intervention programs, and information systems.’’; (2) in the second sentence— (A) by striking the matter that precedes subparagraph (A) and all that follows through subparagraph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) USE OF AWARDS .—The awards made under subparagraph (A) may be used— ‘‘(i) to provide technical assistance on data collection and management, including to co-ordinate and develop standardized proce-dures for data management; ‘‘(ii) to assess and report on the cost and program effectiveness of newborn, infant, and young child hearing screening, evalua-tion, and intervention programs and sys-tems; ‘‘(iii) to collect data and report on new-born, infant, and young child hearing screen-ing, evaluation, diagnosis, and intervention programs and systems for applied research, program evaluation, and policy improve-ment;’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F) as clauses (iv), (v), and (vi), re-spectively, and aligning the margins of those clauses with the margins of clause (i) of sub-paragraph (B) (as inserted by subparagraph (A) of this paragraph); (C) in clause (v) (as redesignated by sub-paragraph (B) of this paragraph)— (i) by striking ‘‘newborn and infant’’ and inserting ‘‘newborn, infant, and young child’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘language status’’ and in-serting ‘‘hearing status’’; and (D) in clause (vi) (as redesignated by sub-paragraph (B) of this paragraph)— (i) by striking ‘‘sharing’’ and inserting ‘‘in-tegration and interoperability’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘with State-based’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘across multiple sources to increase the flow of information between clinical care and public health settings, including the ability of States and territories to exchange and share data.’’. (d) C
OORDINATION AND COLLABORATION .— Section 399M(c) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–1(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘consult with’’ and insert-ing ‘‘consult with—’’; (B) by striking ‘‘other Federal’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) other Federal’’; (C) by striking ‘‘State and local agencies, including those’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) State and local agencies, including agencies’’; (D) by striking ‘‘consumer groups of and that serve’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) consumer groups of, and that serve,’’; (E) by striking ‘‘appropriate national’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(D) appropriate national’’; (F) by striking ‘‘persons who are deaf and’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) individuals who are deaf or’’; (G) by striking ‘‘other qualified’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(F) other qualified’’; (H) by striking ‘‘newborns, infants, tod-dlers, children,’’ and inserting ‘‘children,’’; (I) by striking ‘‘third-party’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(G) third-party’’; and (J) by striking ‘‘related commercial’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(H) related commercial’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘States to establish new-born and infant’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘States— ‘‘(A) to establish newborn, infant, and young child’’; (B) by inserting a semicolon after ‘‘sub-section (a)’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘to develop’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) to develop’’. (e) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION ; RELIGIOUS AC-
COMMODATION .—Section 399M(d) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–1(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘which’’ and inserting ‘‘that’’; (2) by striking ‘‘newborn infants or young’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘parents’’’ and inserting ‘‘parent’s’’. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 399M(e) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g– 1(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(1)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘to procedures’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) The term ‘audiologic’, when used in connection with evaluation, means proce-dures—’’; (B) by striking ‘‘to assess’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) to assess’’; (C) by striking ‘‘to establish’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) to establish’’; (D) by striking ‘‘auditory disorder;’’ and inserting ‘‘auditory disorder,’’; (E) by striking ‘‘to identify’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) to identify’’; (F) by striking ‘‘options.’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘linkage’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘options, including— ‘‘(i) linkage’’; (G) by striking ‘‘appropriate agencies,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘national’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘appropriate agen-cies; ‘‘(ii) medical evaluation; ‘‘(iii) assessment for the full range of as-sistive hearing technologies appropriate for newborns, infants, and young children; ‘‘(iv) audiologic rehabilitation treatment; and ‘‘(v) referral to national’’; and (H) by striking ‘‘parent, and education’’ and inserting ‘‘parent, family, and edu-cation’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (6) as paragraphs (2) through (5); (4) in paragraph (2) (as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this subsection)— (A) by striking ‘‘refers to providing’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘means— ‘‘(A) providing’’; (B) by striking ‘‘with hearing loss, includ-ing nonmedical services,’’ and inserting ‘‘who is deaf or hard-of-hearing, including nonmedical services;’’; (C) by striking ‘‘ensuring that families of the child are provided’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(B) ensuring that the family of the child is— ‘‘(i) provided’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.012 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7696 October 3, 2017 
(D) by striking ‘‘language and communica-tion options and are given’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘language acquisition in oral and visual modalities; and ‘‘(ii) given’’; and (E) by striking ‘‘their child’’ and inserting ‘‘the child’’; (5) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this subsection), by striking ‘‘(3)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘decision making’’ and inserting ‘‘The term ‘medical evaluation’ means key components per-formed by a physician including history, ex-amination, and medical decisionmaking’’; (6) in paragraph (4) (as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this subsection)— (A) by striking ‘‘refers to’’ and inserting ‘‘means’’; (B) by striking ‘‘and/or surgical’’ and in-serting ‘‘or surgical’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘of hearing’’ and all that follows through ‘‘disorder’’ and inserting ‘‘for hearing loss or other medical dis-orders’’; and (7) in paragraph (5) (as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this subsection)— (A) by striking ‘‘(5)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘refers to’’ and inserting ‘‘(5) The term ‘newborn, infant, and young child hear-ing screening’ means’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and infants’’ and inserting ‘‘, infants, and young children under 3 years of age’’. (g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 399M(f) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–1(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘$17,818,000 for fiscal year 2018, $18,173,800 for fiscal year 2019, $18,628,145 for fiscal year 2020, $19,056,592 for fiscal year 2021, and $19,522,758 for fiscal year 2022.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘$10,800,000 for fiscal year 2018, $11,026,800 for fiscal year 2019, $11,302,470 for fiscal year 2020, $11,562,427 for fiscal year 2021, and $11,851,488 for fiscal year 2022.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous material into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I really want to thank our Members on both sides of the aisle, and especially the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ), who has an identical bill, the House companion bill to this one. S. 652 revises the Public Health Serv-ice Act’s expanding access to critical resources for the deaf and hard-of-hear-ing newborns and young children. It will boost training of healthcare pro-fessionals in helping these young par-ents and ensure that, in turn, they can help educate the patient’s family mem-bers. This bill will also deliver relief to parents and caretakers of young chil-dren that have hearing loss, granting them important resources to aid in their care. Again, the Health Subcommittee vice chair, BRETT GUTHRIE , is the author of the House companion. When the House today approves this legislation, which I assume it will, that means this bill will go to the President’s desk and be signed into law. This is really impor-tant work that the Energy and Com-merce Committee is doing, once again, in a big and bipartisan way. It is an im-portant bill that will expand access to critical resources for deaf and hard-of- hearing newborns and young children. By updating and reauthorizing HRSA and CDC grants to help States treat children with hearing loss, we are doing our work to achieve better out-comes for patients. I am particularly pleased about the potential to harness new and improved data collection systems to improve ac-cess. You know, if we can better under-stand what is happening with patients on the ground, we can make better de-cisions about where to allocate re-sources to help recruit more providers and improve coordination of care for children with hearing loss. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted with the work of the Health Subcommittee and the Members who have put so much into this legislation, and I look forward to the House passing it. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Early Hearing Detection and Interven-tion Act authored by two of my Energy and Commerce Committee colleagues, Mr. B
RETT GUTHRIE from Kentucky and Ms. D
ORIS MATSUI from California. I thank Chairman W
ALDEN and Chair-man B
URGESS for their help. I also thank Senators Portman and Kaine from the Senate. It is vital that the House reauthorize the early hearing detection and inter-vention initiative for an additional 5 years because it provides the all-impor-tant newborn and infant hearing screening, evaluation, and interven-tion. The bill will provide vital resources to the Health Resources and Services Administration to run a grant initia-tive and allow the Centers for Disease Control to conduct hearing loss re-search. According to data from the CDC, 1.4 babies out of every—I don’t know how you get 1.4—but 1.4 babies out of 1,000 that were screened were found to have a prevalence of hearing loss. And as a mother, I know how important it is to determine if your child has any level of hearing loss as early as possible so that a parent can determine the best treat-ment to allow their child to live a full and happy life. My home State of Florida has re-quired newborn screening since October 1, 2000. We need to keep this going. Ac-cording to the most recent State data in Florida, 98 percent of all newborns in Florida will be screened within the first month. That is absolutely vital to detect any problem early in their lives. So let’s work together. Extending this newborn screening initiative for another 5 years ensures that babies will continue to have access to this vital hearing screening, and we can make sure that kids across America get the healthcare that they need. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again thank my colleagues, Representatives GUTHRIE and M ATSUI and Senators P
ORTMAN and K AINE, for leading the charge on this important effort. I en-courage my colleagues to support this bipartisan S. 652. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I also want to be in strong support of S. 652, the Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act of 2017, sponsored by Senator P
ORTMAN from Ohio. This legislation has been championed in the House by my friend, the vice chair of the Health Subcommittee, Representative B
RETT  G
UTHRIE , as H.R. 1539. The bill does have strong bipartisan support and, in fact, passed this House unanimously in the last Congress. Fed-eral support for early hearing detection and intervention programs across the country help identify children with hearing loss and directs them to early intervention services. This program is a model of how gov-ernment at different levels and public and private agencies can and should work together. In addition to improv-ing upon current programs, this legis-lation improves the recruitment, reten-tion, education, and training of quali-fied personnel and health providers to identify and assist young children with hearing loss. This bill emphasizes the importance of the Health Resources and Services Administration, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and the Na-tional Institutes of Health partnering together to improve outcomes and strengthen the early hearing detection intervention program. I commend Rep-resentative G
UTHRIE for spearheading this initiative on the House side. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
ATSUI ), the primary cosponsor of the bill. And I thank her for championing the healthcare of children across Amer-ica. Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1539, the Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act of 2017, which I coauthored with my colleague, Congressman G
UTHRIE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.012 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7697 October 3, 2017 
The Newborn Hearing Screening and Intervention Program established al-most 2 decades ago has been life-chang-ing for those born deaf or hard of hear-ing. A member of my staff in Sac-ramento, Devin, was born hard of hear-ing but didn’t receive a screening at birth. For the first few years of her life, she appeared to be struggling to keep up with her peers. It wasn’t until Devin reached the middle of kindergarten that her teach-er suggested she get her hearing tested. After receiving her diagnosis, Devin’s family was able to seek out tools and resources to help her catch up to her classmates in school. Devin’s story illustrates the impor-tance of early detection and interven-tion. We know that a child’s develop-ment in the first few years of their life can have a major impact on their well- being later on. By extending this program through our legislation, we are ensuring that infants continue to have access to hearing screenings at birth so their parents can make informed choices about their care and management early on. We have come so far in increasing the number of babies who are screened every year. By passing this legislation, we are continuing that progress. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congressman G
UTHRIE , for his leader-ship on this issue, and I ask for every-one’s support. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ), the author of the bill and the vice chairman of the Health Sub-committee. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
ATSUI ) and I have worked on a lot of issues together, and it is always a pleasure to work with her and to move important things forward. I know a lot of times you see a lot of big issues need to be addressed, but a lot of things are getting done here in the House. Today, once we pass this bill, it goes to the President. It is coming back from the Senate, so it goes to the President. My interest in this is when I was in the General Assembly of Kentucky, the Governor had a big proposal dealing with children in the first 3 years of their life and was looking at a lot of money to be spent. And I remember doing research on a site. I found a re-port from a doctor from Vanderbilt, and I went down and met with her. So there has been a lot of debate on the research of some of the things that we were looking at moving forward. She said: In normal stimulation, a child is going to rise to their ability. But she did say this: If you took a healthy baby and put it into a closet with no light, and it couldn’t hear, and pull it out 3 years later—which obvi-ously you couldn’t do that—it wouldn’t be able to see and it would never be able to develop its hearing because the brain does start adjusting at a young age. That is why you can learn a language far better as a child than you can as an adult. b1415 So I was driving back, and part of what Governor Patton of Kentucky had proposed was screening, eyesight screening, and early childhood hearing detection as part of the bill. So a lot of us were saying: ‘‘What do you do with mandates?’’ I was driving back, and I remember thinking, well, if you were born and you can’t see well, if you were born and you can’t hear well, then isn’t that the same thing as being put in a dark clos-et? Because if you don’t figure out till you show up to school that you can’t hear well, then you have lost those first 3 to 5 years of ability and lost lan-guage ability for a lifetime. So for the small amount of money that it actually costs, we passed and authorized, in Kentucky, mandated screenings. One is for eyesight, which my son got caught in going into kin-dergarten. That is the first time you can really test them, when we gather them, but you can test newborns at birth. If you can find a newborn at birth that has a hearing impairment and get it corrected, it will develop just like all the other healthy children, so why not do it? So I got to Washington, D.C. It is a national program. It is not something I came up with. It was authored before, so we are here today to reauthorize it. I just want to point out this program is a success. In 2000, 40 percent of newborns were screened for hearing loss. That number rose to over 86 per-cent in 2011. In 2015, CDC has reported that roughly 97 percent of infants are screened for hearing loss. Think of the difference that makes in these chil-dren’s lives when we catch them. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Con-gresswoman M
ATSUI . I want to thank Senator K
AINE from Virginia and Sen-ator P
ORTMAN from Ohio for taking the bipartisan lead in the Senate. I thank them for their hard work. I am proud to say, when we take this vote today, it doesn’t go back to the Senate. It goes to the President, and we look forward to his signature and continuing this in moving forward. I have been honored to be part of this. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
UR-
GESS for yielding. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, once again, I would like to thank my Energy and Commerce colleagues, es-pecially Mr. G
UTHRIE and Ms. M ATSUI . I urge approval of this bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ). Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bipartisan bill to reauthorize the Newborn Hearing Screening and Intervention Program. If this law were around when I was a newborn, we might have caught my hearing loss at a younger age. I don’t want kids to go through what I have gone through. Representative GUTHRIE  said it about his child. I had vision problems, too. We want to give these children an op-portunity to succeed. That is why we are here in this Congress. That is why it makes it worthwhile to make a dif-ference in a person’s life. All they are asking for is an opportunity to suc-ceed. So now as a user of hearing aids myself, I was proud to cosponsor the bipartisan bill, the House version in-troduced by my colleagues, Mr. G
UTH-
RIEand Ms. M ATSUI . Studies have shown that important language development skills are learned prior to a child’s third birth-day, as hearing and language are close-ly linked. According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, 33 children are born every day with hearing impair-ment, making it the most common congenital condition in the United States. If left undiagnosed, a child can risk developmental challenges and set-backs. Since its inception in 1999, the New-born Hearing Screening and Interven-tion Program has improved the lives of numerous children. Over its first 15 years, the percentage of newborn ba-bies screened every year increased from 40 percent in 2000 to approxi-mately 96 percent of infants in 2015. The bill builds on this legacy of suc-cess, allowing for vital screenings and monitoring to continue, while improv-ing timely follow-up for infants to re-ceive the care they need—key to healthy development. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, all these children are asking for is an opportunity to suc-ceed. I had difficulty hearing in the class-room. I don’t know how I got through, but I did. I had a hard time seeing the blackboard. I don’t know how I got through my math, but I did. Again, this is why we are here: to make a difference. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to vote in favor of this im-portant legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 652. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:34 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.045 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7698 October 3, 2017 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROTECTING GIRLS’ ACCESS TO EDUCATION IN VULNERABLE SETTINGS ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2408) to enhance the transparency, improve the coordina-tion, and intensify the impact of assist-ance to support access to primary and secondary education for displaced chil-dren and persons, including women and girls, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2408 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Girls’ Access to Education in Vulnerable Settings Act’’ or the ‘‘Protecting Girls’ Ac-cess to Education Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) At the start of 2017, more than 65,000,000 people have been displaced by disasters and conflicts around the world, the highest num-ber recorded since the end of World War II, of which more than 21,000,000 people are refu-gees. (2) More than half of the population of dis-placed people are children and, according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, nearly 4,000,000 school-aged dis-placed children lack access to primary edu-cation. (3) Education offers socioeconomic oppor-tunities, psychological stability, and phys-ical protection for displaced people, particu-larly for women and girls, who might other-wise be vulnerable to severe forms of traf-ficking in persons (as such term is defined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(9))), child marriage, sexual exploitation, or economic disenfranchisement, and contributes to long- term recovery and economic opportunities for displaced people and for the communities hosting them. (4) Displaced children face considerable barriers to accessing educational services and, because the duration of such displace-ment is, on average, 20 years, such children may spend the entirety of their childhood without access to such services. (5) Despite the rising need for such serv-ices, less than two percent of global emer-gency aid was directed toward educational services in 2016. 
SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it is critical to ensure that children, particularly girls, displaced by conflicts overseas are able to access educational serv-ices because such access can combat extre-mism and reduce exploitation and poverty; and (2) the educational needs of vulnerable women and girls should be considered in the design, implementation, and evaluation of related United States foreign assistance poli-cies and programs. 
SEC. 4. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to— (1) partner with and encourage other coun-tries, public and private multilateral institu-tions, and nongovernmental and civil society organizations, including faith-based organi-zations and organizations representing par-ents and children, to support efforts to en-sure that displaced children have access to safe primary and secondary education; (2) work with donors to enhance training and capacity-building for the governments of countries hosting significant numbers of dis-placed people to design, implement, and monitor programs to effectively address bar-riers to such education; (3) incorporate into the design and imple-mentation of such programs measures to evaluate the impact of the programs on girls, with respect to the reduction of child mar-riage, gender-based violence, and severe forms of trafficking in persons (as such term is defined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(9))); and (4) coordinate with the governments of countries hosting significant numbers of dis-placed people to— (A) promote the inclusion of displaced chil-dren into the educational systems of such countries; and (B) develop innovative approaches to pro-viding safe primary and secondary edu-cational opportunities in circumstances in which such inclusion is not possible or ap-propriate, such as schools that permit more children to be educated by extending the hours of schooling and expanding the number of teachers. SEC. 5. UNITED STATES ASSISTANCE TO SUP-PORT EDUCATIONAL SERVICES FOR DISPLACED CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development are authorized to prioritize and advance ongoing efforts to support programs that— (1) provide safe primary and secondary edu-cation for displaced children; (2) build the capacity of institutions in countries hosting displaced people to prevent discrimination against displaced children, especially displaced girls, who seek access to such education; and (3) help increase the access of displaced children, especially displaced girls, to edu-cational, economic, and entrepreneurial op-portunities, including through the govern-mental authorities responsible for edu-cational or youth services in such host coun-tries. (b) C
OORDINATION WITHMULTILATERAL OR-
GANIZATIONS .—The Secretary and the Admin-istrator are authorized to coordinate with the World Bank, appropriate agencies of the United Nations, and other relevant multilat-eral organizations to work with governments in other countries to collect relevant data, disaggregated by age and gender, on the abil-ity of displaced people to access education and participate in economic activity, in order to improve the targeting, monitoring, and evaluation of related assistance efforts. (c) C
OORDINATION WITH PRIVATE SECTOR  
ANDCIVILSOCIETY ORGANIZATIONS .—The Sec- retary and the Administrator are authorized to work with private sector and civil society organizations to promote safe primary and secondary education for displaced children. 
SEC. 6. REPORT. 
During the five-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Administrator shall in-clude in any report or evaluation submitted to Congress relating to a foreign assistance program for natural or manmade disaster re-lief or response the following information (to the extent practicable and appropriate): (1) A breakdown of the beneficiaries of such program by location, age, gender, mar-ital status, and school enrollment status. (2) A description of how such program ben-efits displaced people. (3) A description of any primary or sec-ondary educational services supported by such program that specifically address the needs of displaced girls. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
IRES) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first, I would like to recognize Congressman S
TEVE CHABOT  and Congresswoman R
OBIN KELLY on the Foreign Affairs Committee for their work on this important issue of protecting girls and protecting their access to education, especially in vul-nerable settings. We all know that education is a crit-ical driver of upward social mobility for these young girls, for economic growth, for overall stability in terms of a society. As we confront an increasing number of conflicts around this globe, education has got to remain a very key component of U.S. foreign assistance. Around the world today, there are 27 million children who are out of school in conflict zones. Half of all children in refugee camps do not have access to primary education. With many recent conflicts that have lasted, now, a decade, we are now see-ing entire generations of children that fail to receive even the most basic edu-cation; and even if they are eventually able to return home, they carry back those deficits in terms of what they have not learned, and those deficits can last a lifetime. So this is a humani-tarian crisis with real strategic impli-cations. In Syria, for example, an estimated 4 million children are out of school in an environment warped by constant vio-lence. Refugee children outside of Syria are placing tremendous strains on the educational systems, and I have seen this in countries like Jordan, in Lebanon, in Turkey. As we have seen in crisis situations around the world, the lack of stable educational opportunities make these children more vulnerable: more vulner-able, especially for girls, to exploi-tation; more vulnerable, especially for boys, to radicalization. Girls face unique barriers to edu-cation in conflict zones. In these af-flicted countries, girls are 2
1⁄2times more likely than young boys to be out of school. They frequently encounter cultural barriers that prevent them from seeking an education, and they often lack safe routes to that little school and back home from that school. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.047 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7699 October 3, 2017 
Promoting girls’ access to education reduces their risk of falling victim to gender-based violence or to early mar-riage or to human trafficking. It is also the just thing to do. H.R. 2408, the Protecting Girls’ Ac-cess to Education in Vulnerable Set-tings Act, authorizes the State Depart-ment and authorizes USAID to enhance existing education programs for dis-placed children and to especially be en-gaged with girls. The bill calls on the State Depart-ment and USAID to coordinate efforts with the private sector as well, with civil society groups, with multilateral organizations, to collect relevant data to improve the effectiveness of these programs that we are engaged in. Finally, the bill would require that the State Department and the USAID include data on education programs for displaced children in any report to Congress on disaster relief and recov-ery efforts so that we are aware that they are engaged in addressing this issue. We must strengthen the role of edu-cation in humanitarian assistance. Ref-ugees and other displaced persons live on a knife edge of despair. Without ac-cess to education, children in conflict zones, especially girls, are more ex-posed to violence, to exploitation, and even to radicalization. By helping to realize their innate po-tential, education gives these children hope, hope for today, and it gives them critical skills for tomorrow so that they can contribute to their homes, their communities, and so that they can contribute to the next generation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure, and I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our chairman on the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, E
DROYCE , and our ranking member, E
LIOT ENGEL , as well as the authors of this bill, Mr. C
HABOT of Ohio and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. Both of these Members have worked hard on the bill to expand access to education around the world. I agree with them that this is an important priority for our foreign policy. When children are able to get basic education, it pays massive dividends down the road. Those girls and boys grow up with great opportunity, and they play a bigger role in their econo-mies and their communities. We have seen research that, when children can learn about certain issues like nonviolent civic engagement, sup-port for violence drops. That adds up to stronger and more stable countries and better partners for the United States. Children belong in a classroom, Mr. Speaker, no matter where they happen to be born, but in too many places, that access just doesn’t exist. What happens then? We know in places like the Middle East, in north Africa, violent extrem-ists are happy to fill in the void, to re-cruit and indoctrinate the next genera-tion with their hateful and violent ide-ology. This problem is especially acute among refugees of displaced popu-lations. Mr. Speaker, 3.7 million school-children under the U.N. refugee agen-cy’s mandate have no school to go to. Some countries are trying to tackle this challenge, like Lebanon, where the government has taken steps to enroll Syrian refugees in schools, but the need is just too great. Out of 500,000 school-age refugees, nearly half are out of school. This bill aims to help address those really desperate situations. It calls for the USAID to ramp up access to these children, and particularly young girls. It will help us gather more data to as-sist government and NGOs that are also grappling with this problem, and it authorizes the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator to prioritize this issue, to work with mul-tilateral organizations, and to seek out partners in the private sector and civil society that will bring innovative new approaches to expanding access to edu-cation. This bill will put more young girls in the classroom in places around the world where this help is badly needed. I am glad to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1430 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), who is on the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and is the author of this legislation. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, Chairman R
OYCE has been a strong proponent of this, as has E
LIOT ENGEL . I want to es-pecially thank R
OBIN KELLY for her leadership on this. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2408, a bipartisan bill that aims to provide a safe education for millions of children, especially girls, who live in the most dangerous and unstable places across the globe. As a parent and now a grandparent, a former teacher, I know that education physically and mentally empowers our children. Unfortunately, millions of children receive no education due to the cir-cumstances which are beyond their control. This is particularly true for the growing number of displaced people across the world, as it is exceedingly difficult for children in conflict zones to receive a primary or secondary edu-cation. Armed conflicts across the world, particularly in places like Syria and now Burma, have led to the inter-nal displacement of millions of women and children, and forced them to lit-erally flee their own homes. There are currently 65 million people displaced worldwide, and at least 21 million are refugees. They are out of their own countries. This is the highest number since World War II, and the number has been steadily rising since 2011. Many of the displaced people are sur-vivors of human rights abuses and vio-lence. Half of these victims are under 18 years of age. They are children and in the most formative years of their lives. If they are not given the oppor-tunity to succeed, they will be sub-jected to a lifetime of conflict and in-stability. Education is a key component to helping lift these vulnerable children out of the depths of poverty. Access to education not only gives children the opportunity to grow and learn, but also offers safety and shelter from violence, extremist ideology, human trafficking networks, and a relentless cycle of abuse. There is no question that access to education provides stability and con-sistency to children living in ex-tremely unstable conditions, especially girls. That is why I introduced H.R. 2408, the Protecting Girls’ Access to Edu-cation in Vulnerable Settings Act, along with ROBIN KELLY from Illinois. I again want to thank Chairman R
OYCE  and Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL for their leadership in this area. This bipartisan legislation will move us in the right direction by making ac-cess to primary and secondary edu-cation a priority with our State De-partment and USAID. It aims to di-rectly benefit displaced children, spe-cifically girls, and will help to address one of the world’s greatest challenges facing refugees across the globe. This legislation also encourages greater international coordination and leverages existing resources by pro-moting education for refugees where they are through local schools. The Protecting Girls’ Access to Edu-cation in Vulnerable Settings Act will ensure that millions of child refugees will have an opportunity to reach their highest potential, even those in the most tumultuous conditions. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ), my colleague on the Foreign Affairs Committee and a real champion for women and girls. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank my colleague and the lead-ers of our comittee for their bipartisan efforts. It is very appreciated. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan legislation that directs the State Department and USAID to sup-port programs and educate displaced children, with a special focus on girls. When you look at the horrors of the world, from South Sudan to Burma, to Syria, think about the fact that there are 55 million displaced children, 28 million refugee children that have been uprooted from their homes due to vio-lence and poverty, and making up half of all the refugees. Here is the thing. What happens when a young person has no hope, no edu-cation, no future potential of a good 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.048 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7700 October 3, 2017 
job to one day take care of their fam-ily? Will they become victims of traf-ficking or vibrant members of society? Will these millions of children become our friends or foes? Will the commu-nities they live in be our trading part-ners or havens for terrorists? Around the world, only a quarter of refugee children are enrolled in sec-ondary school, and the number, as my colleagues have pointed out, is even worse for girls. Just seven girls for every ten refugee boys are enrolled in secondary school. We are talking about a lost generation. In Syria alone, over 5,000 schools have been destroyed. Just ask a young lady named Muzoon. She is known as the Malala of Syria. At age 15, she fled her besieged home in Syria. When she was told to bring only her essentials, she packed a suitcase full of books be-cause she knows, ‘‘That education is a shield that we can use to protect our-selves in life.’’ She even went door to door in refugee camps to convince par-ents to keep their daughters in school instead of pressuring them into early marriage. Muzoon knows and we know that when girls are educated, they lead to healthier, more productive lives that enhance the economy and the peaceful-ness of their societies. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this fine legislation. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ), who chairs the Foreign Af-fairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE ; Ranking Mem-ber E
NGEL ; and, in this case, especially Congressman A
LBIO SIRES, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, for once again helping to bring another important bi-partisan Foreign Affairs measure to the House floor. Mr. Speaker, I am a proud cosponsor of the Protecting Girls’ Access to Edu-cation in Vulnerable Settings Act. My good friend, S
TEVE CHABOT , has been a real leader in Congress when it comes to ensuring that girls around the world have the opportunity to achieve a bet-ter future for themselves through ac-cess to education. Mr. Speaker, I am a former Florida certified teacher. I understand the value of education. Mr. S
IRES from New Jersey is also a former teacher. We heard from Mr. C
HABOT , who is also a former teacher. We understand how im-portant education is to future success. Right now, sadly, Mr. Speaker, there are 65 million displaced people around the world, and about half of that popu-lation is under 18. This bill before us prioritizes State and USAID efforts to support access to primary and sec-ondary education for displaced chil-dren, with a specificity to helping dis-placed girls. Unfortunately, sometimes young girls fall victim to exploitation, to trafficking, or they get married off, sold off, without having the oppor-tunity to determine their own future; something that we might take for granted in this glorious country. That is why Mr. CHABOT ’s bill is so impor-tant. We need to reach out to those young girls. We need to have them have access to primary and secondary education so that they can increase their own chances for a prosperous fu-ture, Mr. Speaker. Access to education, I know, empow-ers young people, and it will especially empower young girls. It will offer them a chance at socioeconomic opportuni-ties that heretofore have been closed to them. It offers them stability. It offers them empowerment. Mr. Speaker, we have got to pass Mr. C
HABOT ’s bill. We have got to do more to ensure that displaced people, espe-cially young girls, have access to edu-cation. I urge my colleagues to support this important measure. I urge our partners in responsible nations around the world to join us in prioritizing our efforts toward access to education for all. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. R
OYCE and Mr. E
NGEL , and I especially thank my good friend from New Jersey (Mr. S
IRES). Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am also a former cer-tified teacher, and expanding access to education is critical in combating ter-rorism. When we increase opportunities through education, we help more girls and boys by giving them the tools to think critically and resist those who mean to harm us. We are helping to give these children an alternative with the possibility of positioning them to make further positive impact on their communities and their countries. Time and time again we have seen the results of what happens when chil-dren are not provided a better path: ex-tremism, radicalism, and terrorism. This is one of our best opportunities to provide a more safe and secure world not only for them, but also for us, too. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank Con-gressman C
HABOT and Congresswoman K
ELLY for their hard work. I support this bill, and I urge all Members to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we are surrounded here by former teachers today who have brought this bill, who have worked with us to bring this bill to the House floor, and we understand their impulse to reach out to these young children and try to see to it that they have an equal chance out in the world. This is something that teachers do, and this focus on young girls, espe-cially young girls in the most vulner-able situation, as a result of conflict in those regions making them at risk for trafficking, for exploitation or being child brides, these former teachers un-derstand the importance of having a program directed specifically to this problem. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ); the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY .); cer-tainly, A
LBIO SIRES, our ranking mem-ber on the Western Hemisphere Sub-committee; and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , of course, as chairman, for helping to en-sure that international humanitarian efforts are prioritizing this issue of ac-cess to education for girls. By improving coordination between the State Department, USAID, the pri-vate sector, and multilateral organiza-tions, what this bill is going to do is to improve the chances that these young lives will be able to blossom above the ashes of war, above these conflicts that rage in these spots around the world, so that they might reach their full poten-tial. If they do, they will be able to help the next generation. Mr. Speaker, I ask every Member for their support, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2408. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NICARAGUAN INVESTMENT CONDI-TIONALITY ACT (NICA) OF 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1918) to oppose loans at international financial institutions for the Government of Nicaragua un-less the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1918 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nicaraguan Investment Conditionality Act (NICA) of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) The House Committee on Foreign Af-fairs convened a congressional hearing on December 1, 2011, entitled ‘‘Democracy Held Hostage in Nicaragua: Part 1’’ where former United States Ambassador to Nicaragua Robert Callahan testified, ‘‘First, that Dan-iel Ortega’s candidacy was illegal, illegit-imate, and unconstitutional; second, that the period leading to the elections and the elections themselves were marred by serious fraud; third, that Daniel Ortega and his San-dinista party have systematically under-mined the country’s fragile governmental in-stitutions.’’. (2) According to the Organization of Amer-ican States (OAS) report on the Nicaraguan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.050 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7701 October 3, 2017 
2011 Presidential elections, the OAS rec-ommended that the Government of Nica-ragua take a number of steps to improve its electoral systems, including accrediting poll watchers to ensure political parties and civil society are represented to observe elections, and redesigning the structure of the Nica-raguan electoral council to allow proper reg-istration of the electorate. (3) On January 25, 2012, a press statement from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said: ‘‘As noted by international observers and Nicaraguan civil society groups, Nicaragua’s recent elections were not conducted in a transparent and impartial manner, and the entire electoral process was marred by sig-nificant irregularities. The elections marked a setback to democracy in Nicaragua and un-dermined the ability of Nicaraguans to hold their government accountable.’’. (4) According to the Department of State’s 2015 Fiscal Transparency Report: ‘‘Nicaragua’s fiscal transparency would be improved by including all off-budget revenue and expenditure in the budget, auditing state-owned enterprises, and conducting a full audit of the government’s annual finan-cial statements and making audit reports publicly available within a reasonable period of time.’’. (5) According to the Department of State’s Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2015: ‘‘In 2011 the Supreme Electoral Council (CSE) announced the re-election of President Daniel Ortega Saavedra of the Sandinista National Liberation Front (FSLN) in elections that international and domestic observers characterized as seri-ously flawed. International and domestic or-ganizations raised concerns regarding the constitutional legitimacy of Ortega’s re-elec-tion. The 2011 elections also provided the rul-ing party with a supermajority in the Na-tional Assembly, allowing for changes in the constitution, including extending the reach of executive branch power and the elimi-nation of restrictions on re-election for exec-utive branch officials and mayors. Observers noted serious flaws during the 2012 municipal elections and March 2014 regional elec-tions.’’. (6) According to the Department of State’s Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2015 in Nicaragua: ‘‘The principal human rights abuses were restrictions on citizens’ right to vote; obstacles to freedom of speech and press, including government intimida-tion and harassment of journalists and inde-pendent media, as well as increased restric-tion of access to public information, includ-ing national statistics from public offices; and increased government harassment and intimidation of nongovernmental organiza-tions (NGOs) and civil society organiza-tions.’’. (7) The same 2015 report stated: ‘‘Addi-tional significant human rights abuses in-cluded considerably biased policies to pro-mote single-party dominance; arbitrary po-lice arrest and detention of suspects, includ-ing abuse during detention; harsh and life- threatening prison conditions with arbitrary and lengthy pretrial detention; discrimina-tion against ethnic minorities and indige-nous persons and communities.’’. (8) On June 7, 2016, the Department of State’s Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor posted on social media: ‘‘Dis-appointed government of Nicaragua said it will deny electoral observers requested by Nicaraguan citizens, church, and private sec-tor . . . We continue to encourage the gov-ernment of Nicaragua to allow electoral ob-servers as requested by Nicaraguans.’’. (9) On June 14, 2016, President Ortega ex-pelled three United States Government offi-cials (two officials from U.S. Customs and Border Protection and one professor from the National Defense University) from Nica-ragua. (10) On August 1, 2016, the Department of State issued a press release to express grave concern over the Nicaraguan government limiting democratic space leading up to the elections in November and stated that ‘‘[o]n June 8, the Nicaraguan Supreme Court stripped the opposition Independent Liberal Party (PLI) from its long recognized leader. The Supreme Court took similar action on June 17 when it invalidated the leadership of the Citizen Action Party, the only remaining opposition party with the legal standing to present a presidential candidate. Most re-cently, on July 29, the Supreme Electoral Council removed 28 PLI national assembly members (16 seated and 12 alternates) from their popularly-elected positions.’’. (11) On November 7, 2016, the Department of State issued a press release stating: ‘‘The United States is deeply concerned by the flawed presidential and legislative electoral process in Nicaragua, which precluded the possibility of a free and fair election on No-vember 6. In advance of the elections, the Nicaraguan government sidelined opposition candidates for president, limited domestic observation at the polls and access to voting credentials, and took other actions to deny democratic space in the process. The deci-sion by the Nicaraguan government not to invite independent international electoral observers further degraded the legitimacy of the election.’’. (12) In November and December of 2016, the Board of Executive Directors of the Inter- American Development Bank postponed con-sideration of a policy based loan of $65 mil-lion to the Government of Nicaragua due to the efforts of the United States mission that expressed serious concerns of the absence of transparency, systemic corruption, and the lack of free and fair elections in Nicaragua. (13) According to the Department of State’s Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2016: ‘‘[A]ctions by the ruling Sandinista National Liberation Front (FSLN) party resulted in de facto concentra-tion of power in a single party, with an au-thoritarian executive branch exercising sig-nificant control over the legislative, judicial, and electoral functions.’’. (14) According to the Department of State’s Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2016 in Nicaragua, ‘‘The Novem-ber 6 elections for president, vice president, national assembly members, and representa-tives for the Central American parliament did not meet the conditions of being free and fair . . . The November 6 presidential and legislative elections were marred by allega-tions of institutional fraud and the absence of independent opposition political parties. National observers and opposition leaders claimed rates of abstention from 60 to 70 per-cent.’’. (15) According to the Department of State’s Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2016: ‘‘Companies reported that bribery of public officials, unlawful seizures, and arbitrary assessments by customs and tax authorities were common . . . The courts remained particularly susceptible to bribes, manipulation, and other forms of corruption, especially by the FSLN, giving the sense that the FSLN heavily influenced CSJ and lower-level court actions.’’. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to sup-port— (1) the rule of law and an independent judi-ciary and electoral council in Nicaragua; (2) independent pro-democracy organiza-tions in Nicaragua; (3) free, fair, and transparent elections under international and domestic observers in Nicaragua; and (4) anti-corruption and transparency ef-forts in Nicaragua. SEC. 4. INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITU-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall in-struct the United States Executive Director at each international financial institution to use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States to oppose any loan for the ben-efit of the Government of Nicaragua, other than to address basic human needs or pro-mote democracy, unless the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that the Govern-ment of Nicaragua is taking effective steps to— (1) hold free, fair, and transparent elec-tions overseen by credible domestic and international electoral observers; (2) promote democracy, as well as an inde-pendent judicial system and electoral coun-cil; (3) strengthen the rule of law; (4) respect the right to freedom of associa-tion and expression; (5) combat corruption, including inves-tigating and prosecuting government offi-cials that are credibly alleged to be corrupt; and (6) protect the right of political opposition parties, journalists, trade unionists, human rights defenders, and other civil society ac-tivists to operate without interference. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a written report assessing— (1) the effectiveness of the international fi-nancial institutions in enforcing applicable program safeguards in Nicaragua; and (2) the effects of the matters described in section 2 on long-term prospects for positive development outcomes in Nicaragua. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (2) I
NTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .— The term ‘‘international financial institu-tion’’ means the International Monetary Fund, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, European Bank for Recon-struction and Development, International Development Association, International Fi-nance Corporation, Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency, African Development Bank, African Development Fund, Asian De-velopment Bank, Inter-American Develop-ment Bank, Bank for Economic Cooperation and Development in the Middle East and North Africa, and Inter-American Invest-ment Corporation. (d) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall termi-nate on the day after the earlier of— (1) the date on which the Secretary of State certifies and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that the require-ments of subsection (a) are met; or (2) 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) W
AIVER .—The President may waive this section if the President determines that such a waiver is in the national interest of the United States. 
SEC. 5. ORGANIZATION OF AMERICAN STATES. 
The President shall direct the United States Permanent Representative to the OAS to use the voice, vote, and influence of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.014 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7702 October 3, 2017 
the United States at the OAS to strongly ad-vocate for an Electoral Observation Mission to be sent to Nicaragua in 2017 to observe the possibility of credible elections. 
SEC. 6. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
The Department of State and the United States Agency for International Develop-ment should prioritize foreign assistance to the people of Nicaragua to assist civil soci-ety in democracy and governance programs, including human rights documentation. 
SEC. 7. REPORT ON CORRUPTION IN NICARAGUA. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consulta-tion with the intelligence community (as de-fined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)), shall submit to Congress a report on the involvement of sen-ior Nicaraguan government officials, includ-ing members of the Supreme Electoral Coun-cil, the National Assembly, and the judicial system, in acts of public corruption or human rights violations in Nicaragua. (b) F
ORM.—The report required in sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. The unclassified portion of the report shall be made available to the public. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
IRES) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. General Leave Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous mate-rial on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the world has watched with great concern, with mounting horror, actually, as Venezuela suffers economic ruin amid a potential crisis that has eroded democracy, and that threatens to destabilize the region. Meanwhile, less noticed, Nicaragua continues to violate the region’s demo-cratic values by failing to conduct fair and transparent elections and by deny-ing Nicaraguans freedom of expression and freedom of association. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the leadership of chairman emeritus of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ; and the chairman and rank-ing member of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee, Mr. D
UNCAN ; and the ranking member, Mr. S
IRES, in bring-ing this measure to the floor. b1445 This legislation will require U.S. rep-resentatives at international financial institutions to use the vote and influ-ence of the United States to oppose any loans to Nicaragua unless the country has shown a willingness to respect the human and democratic rights of its citizens. Nicaragua’s authoritarian President Daniel Ortega, and that’s the same Daniel Ortega who lost the Presidency in 1990, has tightened his grip on power by weakening government institutions and the opposition and ensuring power for himself and his family by excluding international election observers. By requiring that the Secretary of State certify that Nicaragua has taken steps to provide election transparency and combat corruption before the United States votes to provide the Gov-ernment of Nicaragua with loans, we help ensure that taxpayer money is not used to line the pockets of corrupt au-thoritarians, or to derail the legiti-mate democratic rights of the Nica-raguan citizens. We need only to look to Venezuela to see that the consolidation of state power and organized crime and corrup-tion actually go hand in hand. As a re-gion, we must stand in strong opposi-tion to authoritarianism and corrup-tion in Nicaragua, while not punishing the people of Nicaragua. And it is this point of not punishing the people of Nicaragua that also we have to include in this measure; and for that reason, and because of this, the authors of the bill have insured a carve-out, and that carve-out exempts all loans that are for humanitarian purposes. So this bill stands squarely with the people of Nicaragua and their hopes for freedom and democracy and the rule of law. Its passage is just one way that we can demonstrate this support. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, October 3, 2017. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 1918, the Nicaraguan Invest-ment Conditionality Act (NICA) of 2017, as amended. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services con-cerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo ac-tion on the bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1918, as amended, at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1918, as amended, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of let-ters on this matter be included in the Con-gressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, October 3, 2017. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1918, the Nica-ragua Investment Conditionality Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this resolution or similar legisla-tion in the future. I would support your ef-fort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legisla-tion. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1918 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in sup-port of H.R. 1918, the Nicaraguan In-vestment Conditionality Act, also known as the NICA Act. I want to start by thanking Chair-man R
OYCE , Ranking Member E NGEL , and my chairman on the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee, J
EFFDUN-
CAN, for their efforts to bring this bill to the floor. I also would like to thank my good friend from Florida, I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN , who has worked tirelessly for decades and never backs down when it comes to standing up against author-itarian regimes and human rights vio-lators. We are here today to stand up against Daniel Ortega and his constant pursuit of gaining absolute political control over the Nicaraguan people. Daniel Ortega and his family continue to amass wealth while the Nicaraguans remain the second poorest country in the Western Hemisphere. Ortega has spent years winning sham elections, eliminating political opposi-tion, and now has his wife take the role of Vice President. If you need any more convincing of his intentions, Ortega continues to strongly defend Nicolas Maduro, the Venezuelan dictator whose regime shoots unarmed protestors in the streets, jails the opposition, dis-solved Congress, and has brought what should be one of the richest countries in Latin America to the brink of col-lapse. Being a corrupt democracy in name only cannot go without consequences. This bipartisan legislation makes it clear that the U.S. will not stand by and watch Ortega trample the people’s human rights defenders and stomp all over democracy, while getting rich at the expense of the Nicaraguan people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.014 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7703 October 3, 2017 
H.R. 1918 calls on the U.S. Govern-ment to oppose loans at international financial institutions for Nicaragua un-less the Nicaraguan Government takes some effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections and commits to upholding democratic principles. Congress and the administration need to work together and find ways to empower the Nicaraguan people and de-fend against Ortega’s hostile behavior towards innocent civilians. It is my hope that this bipartisan legislation will pass the Senate and quickly be signed into law. I thank the chairman and ranking member once again and their staff for all their help in bringing the NICA Act to the floor. I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this bill to hold the Ortega regime accountable for its ac-tions. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 6 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ) who chairs the Foreign Af-fairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, and is the author of this legislation. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill, H.R. 1918, the Nicaraguan Investment Condi-tionality Act, also known as the NICA Act, and I want to thank Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for working with my office to bring this important measure to the floor today. I also want to thank my legislative ‘‘brother,’’ ‘‘mi hermano,’’ the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
IRES), who is the Democratic lead on this leg-islation, because his leadership on all things related to human rights is admi-rable, and his steadfast support for the people of Nicaragua has been unwaver-ing. I also want to thank the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee Chairman J
EFFDUNCAN . He has been helping us in leading the effort and bringing atten-tion to the human rights abuses that are sadly occurring in Nicaragua. This legislation before us, Mr. Speak-er, is straightforward, and it is simple. There have been a lot of exaggerations about what this bill does and what this bill doesn’t do. Our bill is aimed at leveraging Amer-ica’s influence and conditioning our vote at any of the international finan-cial institutions for Nicaragua until the leadership in that country takes significant steps to restore democratic order. I think that we would all agree, as Members of the United States Con-gress, that to have democracies in our region is beneficial; and to have strong governance and strong rule of law and a strong independent judiciary, these are all values that we share and that the people throughout the hemisphere would like to have that in their coun-tries as well. So let’s go over, just briefly, what are some of the conditions in this bill. And please, as I go through them, ask yourself: Is that a damaging condition, or is that something that would help the people? Not whether it helps the ruling class, the rich guys, the fat-cat bankers, not whether it helps the re-gime or the government in power, whether it helps the people of those countries. So let me go through the list, Mr. Speaker. This bill has as conditions: To promote democracy. Promoting democracy, promoting an independent judicial system. Those are wonderful values. Promoting an independent elec-toral council, so that the ruling party doesn’t steal elections; Strengthen the rule of law so that you don’t have corrupt judges deciding in favor of the rich guys and against the poor of the country; Fighting corruption, including inves-tigating and prosecuting government officials who are credibly alleged to be corrupt, who go against the people of Nicaragua and further enrich those who wish to do damage to the country. What else does the bill do? Well, one of the conditions is that it protects the right of political opposition parties. Don’t we want that, political opposi-tion parties; journalists who are trying to get the truth to the Nicaraguan peo-ple just as they do here to the Amer-ican people; trade unionists; human rights defenders and other civil rights advocates to operate without inter-ference. Isn’t that what we want for all countries to have? These conditions, Mr. Speaker, they are not unheard of; in fact, they are similar to what this country has al-ready passed, what this Congress has already passed for the Northern Tri-angle countries of Honduras, of Guate-mala, and of El Salvador. And now we want to do that for Nicaragua, so it is intended to help the people of Nica-ragua. This bill has safeguards in place to ensure that humanitarian assistance continues to be provided to address basic human needs. Humanitarian as-sistance will continue. Some of those basic needs that we talked about, such as free and fair elec-tions, they are not being met today due to the failed leadership in Nicaragua. And who does that help? Well, it helps the leaders, and it hurts the people when you don’t have free and fair elec-tions. We want to help the people of Nicaragua. Now, reports have surfaced that the Nicaraguan electoral council is giving away identity cards, so that minors, underage individuals can be allowed to vote. Nicaraguans who are not on the electoral rolls are also being allowed to vote. What does that mean, Mr. Speaker? It means that there will be no way to determine if the individual voted more than once, and that is exactly how the status quo wants it; the fat-cats, they like it so that they can stay there and they can manipulate the results of the elections. We are also seeing civil society lead-ers publicly expressing their concern regarding the deterioration of human rights in Nicaragua. As a result of speaking out against the government, they have been targeted for persecu-tion. You speak out against the gov-ernment, you are going to have some false charges thrown at you. And what about the indigenous com-munities? They have also expressed their concern regarding land grabs by the government. Violence is breaking out as the Nicaraguan military is being dispatched to squash the peaceful pro-tests by these indigenous communities. So let us not forget, Mr. Speaker, just what kind of leadership structure we are dealing with in Nicaragua. The Russians have set up operations in Ma-nagua, they are proud of it, they put it in the front pages, and that poses a threat to U.S. national security inter-ests. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. ROYCE of California. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 2 minutes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, Nicaragua continues to offer its uncon-ditional support to Nicolas Maduro and his dictatorial regime in Venezuela. And according to congressional testi-mony, Venezuela’s entity, PDVSA, has also used its subsidiary in Nicaragua, which is called Albanisa—and I will give the exact letters of those names— to launder money. So, Mr. Speaker, if Venezuela’s Maduro is using Nicaragua in order to evade U.S. sanctions, we need to take a closer look at these ties. We need to hold people accountable because all of that hurts the people of Venezuela and the people of Nicaragua. It helps the government, but it doesn’t help the people. That is what this bill does. We want to hold the Nicaraguan Government ac-countable, just like we have done in other countries, as I said, in Central America. This is not something new, out of whole cloth, that we have in-vented. It has worked, and it has truly helped the people. Now, earlier this year, Mr. S
IRES and I, we traveled to Honduras, we traveled to Guatemala, and we saw firsthand how conditioning our support for these countries works and has been ex-tremely effective. Has it hurt those countries? It has not. It has worked. It has strengthened their democracy. It has strengthened the rule of law, the independent judici-ary. So placing conditions incentivizes countries to do the right thing, and it makes institutional reforms, as needed, to improve the livelihood of their citi-zens. So I know that the Nicaraguan Gov-ernment does not like this bill, but I tell you, Mr. Speaker, the people of Nicaragua would like to know that the United States Congress stands with them as they call for reforms that pro-mote democracy, that strengthen the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.055 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7704 October 3, 2017 
rule of law, that fight corruption, and that protect the rights of all political opposition parties, and that is exactly what this bill does. Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ONZALEZ ), a member of the Fi-nancial Services Committee. Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to express my concern with H.R. 1918, the Nicaraguan Invest-ment Conditionality Act of 2017. Today, I stand with the people of Nicaragua and the people of south Texas. Nicaragua has been our partner to the south. They work with us to combat drug trafficking, limit irreg-ular migration, and make our region and our world a safer place. Nicaragua today is the safest country in Central America. b1500 I agree, we must be vigilant in moni-toring Nicaragua’s transition to de-mocracy. However, we must recognize that enacting this bill could have seri-ous consequences on the region. NICA could strain our alliance with Nicaragua, and it could lead to insta-bility, irregular immigration to the United States, to my border district, and an increase in criminal activity. My district was ground zero for the last immigration surge, and I would like to prevent that from happening again. Nicaragua has its economic and po-litical challenges, but it has taken steps to address poverty, climate change, and to grow its economy. How can we, in good conscience, support a measure that would punish the poorest country in Central America and the second poorest in the Western Hemi-sphere? Moreover, Nicaragua stands with America and our allies against the rogue nation of North Korea. We can-not compare Nicaragua to Venezuela. While we must hold countries ac-countable, we should bring them in rather than shut them out. We have the ability to guide these nations to embrace democracy and condemn bad actors. Lastly, I want to make clear that this is not an endorsement of the San-dinistas or any other regime. Today I speak for the less fortunate in Nica-ragua who suffer the most from NICA. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to work-ing with my colleagues to find a solu-tion to this complex issue. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I think it is important, when we consider the challenge that we have here, the Carter Center was in-volved in Nicaragua trying to oversee the election there. They came to the conclusion that the election was not transparent. The elections were not fair in Nicaragua. The European Union was engaged in trying to monitor those elections. Again, the same conclusion. The Organization of American States, it is the standard or it is the or-ganization representing all of the gov-ernments in this hemisphere, they again raised the same issue. When we think what we are trying to do here, the goal is, first, any loans that go to the benefit of the people of Nicaragua, that is exempt anyway. From the humanitarian standpoint, we want them to have the loans. But if we are going to make a loan that benefits the head of state or the government and, as part of that, we put the same conditions that the OAS puts on mem-ber loans, the same conditions that we put on other countries with respect to the rule of law or with respect to trans-parency and free and fair elections, I don’t think that that is unusual in the least. As a matter of fact, those are the conditions we apply. The attempt to focus on this and our frustration with it is to give that added boost, just as the Carter Center is try-ing to do, just as the European Union is trying to weigh in, just as the OAS is suggesting as we go forward that there be these reforms and transparency. I think it is proper that this institution does the same. I think the carve-out we put in the bill for humanitarian aid ad-dresses the other issues. So from that standpoint, I think it is necessary for us to do what we can at this time to nudge this back toward free and fair elections. Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank Chairman R
OYCE , Rank-ing Member E
NGEL , and mi hermana from Florida, my sister, I
LEANA ROS- L
EHTINEN , for their work on this bipar-tisan measure and for their commit-ment to democracy in the Western Hemisphere. They have skillfully craft-ed the NICA Act to hold President Or-tega accountable, while ensuring that the Nicaraguan people do not suffer. I am glad that we are advancing this measure, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In summing up here, the focus of this legislation is clearly to seek to end a practice which many in the inter-national community find a vexing one, and that is it tries to ensure that the loans that are given to the Government of Nicaragua meet certain democratic benchmarks before issuing any loans that would specifically benefit those in the government. There is a carve-out, as I shared, for any humanitarian loans. I think the reason this approach has gained bipartisan support is because the United States, in this instance, will be engaged still, but engaged in a way where we are not encouraging corrup-tion. I say that because it pushes Nica-ragua to allow for free and transparent elections, and that should be our goal. That is the goal of other election ob-servers who have been involved in the past and have expressed their concerns about the state of play there. Mr. Speaker, I thank the authors, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1918, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 3, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Oc-tober 3, 2017, at 9:28 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 396. That the Senate passed with amendment H.R. 1616. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1624) to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat cer-tain municipal obligations as level 2A liquid assets, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1624 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Municipal Fi-nance Support Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN MUNICIPAL OB-LIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 18 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1828) is amend-ed— (1) by moving subsection (z) so that it appears after subsection (y); and (2) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.056 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7705 October 3, 2017 
‘‘(aa) T REATMENT OF CERTAIN MUNICIPAL OB-
LIGATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of the final rule titled ‘Liquidity Coverage Ratio: Liquidity Risk Measurement Standards; Final Rule’ (79 Fed. Reg. 61439; published October 10, 2014) (the ‘Final Rule’) and any other regulation which incorporates a definition of the term ‘high-qual-ity liquid asset’, the appropriate Federal bank-ing agencies shall treat a municipal obligation that is both liquid and readily marketable (as defined in the Final Rule) and investment grade as of the calculation date as a high-quality liq-uid asset that is no lower than a level 2B liquid asset. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) I
NVESTMENT GRADE .—With respect to an obligation, the term ‘investment grade’ has the meaning given that term under part 1 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(B) M
UNICIPAL OBLIGATION .—The term ‘mu-nicipal obligation’ means an obligation of a State or any political subdivision thereof, or any agency or instrumentality of a State or any po-litical subdivision thereof.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO LIQUIDITY COVERAGE  R
ATIO REGULATIONS .—Not later than the end of the 3-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Deposit In-surance Corporation, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and the Comptroller of the Currency shall amend the final rule titled ‘‘Liquidity Coverage Ratio: Liquidity Risk Measurement Standards; Final Rule’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 61439; published October 10, 2014) to imple-ment the amendments made by this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) and the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  W
ATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of much-needed legislation that would simply fix a 2014 rule by financial regu-lators and allow municipal bonds to be considered as level 2B liquid assets, at a minimum, for purposes of calculating total high-quality liquid assets, or HQLAs, under the liquidity coverage ratio. The Municipal Finance Support Act is a bipartisan piece of legislation that passed unanimously out of com-mittee, showing its clear need. Municipal securities are frequently issued by the transportation, housing, and healthcare authorities of State and local governments to raise funds to pay for projects ranging from bridges and schools to hospitals and recreational facilities. Excluding municipal securi-ties from treatment as HQLAs will re-sult in higher borrowing costs for State and local governments during times of economic stress. Furthermore, there is no reason why high-quality liquid bonds issued by the United States and municipalities should receive a lower standing than foreign sovereign debt with equivalent or, frankly, even lesser credit quality and market liquidity. Finally, disincentivizing financial in-stitutions from holding investment- grade municipal securities could cause banks to retreat from the $3.8 trillion market, thereby forcing State and local governments to scale back pend-ing projects on roads, schools, and other infrastructure projects financed with the bonds. Classifying invest-ment-grade municipal securities as HQLAs will ensure low-cost infrastruc-ture financing remains available for State and local governments. Although the Federal Reserve has issued an amended rule allowing mu-nicipal bonds to count as HQLAs for some banks, neither the OCC nor the FDIC have acted to follow the Fed’s lead in amending their HQLA defini-tions to include these municipal secu-rities. Their inaction creates a split regulatory system in which the treat-ment of municipal securities for the purpose of measuring the liquidity of the bank’s holdings depends entirely upon who the regulator is. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1624, offered by Mr. MESSER and Mrs. M ALONEY , represents a bipartisan effort to ensure that cer-tain financial institutions will con-tinue to hold municipal securities, while also supporting the spirit of an important bank guardrail in the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act. Bank regulators promulgated the li-quidity coverage rule to ensure that megabanks have a minimum number of assets that they could sell, even in the worst markets. The rule permits banks to count assets like Treasury securi-ties, GSE debt, and investment-grade corporate securities towards the pool. Regulators found that these securities could be sold even in stressed environ-ments, thereby allowing a megabank to weather the storm of an economic cri-sis. This rule, known as the liquidity coverage rule, is an important tool for banking regulators to guard against the type of contagion we saw during the financial crisis. However, the bank regulators ex-cluded all municipal securities because they concluded that municipal securi-ties, as a class, are difficult to sell in stressed markets. This may be gen-erally true, but the investment-grade debt of my State of California has lots of buyers and sellers and has a liquid-ity profile similar to many corporate securities. So it makes sense that, if there are municipal securities like California’s debt that meet the same eligibility standards as other corporate securities, they should also be counted toward a bank’s liquid assets under the rule. The Federal Reserve quickly recog-nized this problem and has since adopt-ed a correction to permit bank holding companies under its jurisdiction to treat municipal securities that are liq-uid, market ready, and investment grade the same as similar corporate se-curities. This bill, as amended, takes the relief adopted by the Federal Reserve and ex-tends it to banks regulated by the Of-fice of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration. It isn’t clear to me just how many municipalities will benefit from this legislation, and I imagine most would not, but even if only a handful of our States and cities qualify, the bill is worth passing because it could help to reduce financing costs for those gov-ernments. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mrs. MALO-
NEY’s hard work and bipartisan efforts on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Indi-ana (Mr. M
ESSER ), the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my coauthor on this bill, Con-gresswoman M
ALONEY , for her great leadership on this legislation, as well as Chairman H
UIZENGA , Chairman H EN-
SARLING , Ranking Member W ATERS , and the entire Financial Services Com-mittee team for their hard work on this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, it is a rare occasion in Washington when Republicans and Democrats can come together and get behind a change to the banking regula-tions, but we stand here today behind H.R. 1624 because the banking regu-lators, frankly, well, they messed it up. They created a rule that gives foreign municipalities a competitive advan-tage over our American cities and towns, and this advantage is hurting our communities. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is really quite simple. It will help cities and towns in my State and across the United States save money on roads and bridges and schools. President Trump has made rebuilding our infrastructure a priority for our Nation, and this bi-partisan bill paves the way for this type of investment by lowering the price tag for roads and bridges. H.R. 1624 reverses a backwards bank-ing regulation that makes it more ex-pensive for U.S. municipalities to fi-nance infrastructure projects. Specifi-cally, the bill will amend the regula-tion to enable more banks to hold mu-nicipal bonds to cover their liquidity requirements. This change should re-duce the cost of borrowing for cities and towns across the country. Ulti-mately, this bill helps taxpayers by making it cheaper to finance infra-structure projects. H.R. 1624 will help blue States and red States alike, and that is why you have seen such overwhelming bipar-tisan support for this in the Halls of Congress. The bill passed the Financial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.016 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7706 October 3, 2017 
Services Committee unanimously this summer, and very similar legislation passed the Chamber by a voice vote last year. b1515 Still we have got more work to do, and there is now momentum in the Senate to get H.R. 1624 across the fin-ish line. The bill is also supported by numer-ous outside advocacy groups, including the National Governors Association, the Government Finance Officers Asso-ciation, the National League of Cities, the National Association of State Treasurers, the U.S. Conference of Mayors, and even the State treasurer from my home State of Indiana, my good friend, Kelly Mitchell. Mr. Speaker, today we take the first step in this process in the House to-ward reversing this backwards regula-tion, and I urge all my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank Mr. M
ESSER for his leadership on this legis-lation. He is absolutely correct. He worked very closely with Mrs. M
ALONEY . This is a bipartisan bill. He correctly stated that we do sometimes get together and work on issues in ways that we can be helpful, not only to our constituents in general but to cities and towns. We have talked an awful lot about wanting to improve our infrastructures, and this is one way that it certainly can be done. I would like to point out again the Federal Reserve’s role in this because of the way that they recognized the problem and what they did to adopt a correction to the problem. So this bill again, as amended, takes the relief adopted by the Federal Reserve. Again, this is a case where we had Members who understood this problem, moved forward on it, and recognized that the Federal Reserve also recog-nized the problem. When you have sev-eral entities who have recognized a problem, it certainly makes good sense and good public policy for everybody to come together to correct it. So with the Federal Reserve having come for-ward and adopting this relief, it means that it is extended to banks regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Deposit In-surance Corporation. Again, I wish I could say that every city in the United States would benefit from it, but not all will. Not all need it. But for those who do, I think it is important for us to recognize that when we have the opportunity to come together and to help any part of our country, and when it is very easy to do so, I think we should do it. So I am very pleased that we have been able to do that. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ), who is the lead Democratic cosponsor of this bill. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the rank-ing member for yielding and for her leadership on this issue and so many others. I strongly support the bill, and I would like to thank my good friend from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ) for his lead-ership. We introduced this bill in order to level the playing field for our cities and States by requiring the banking regulators to treat certain municipal bonds as liquid assets, just like cor-porate bonds, stocks, and other assets. As a former member of the city coun-cil in New York, I know firsthand the importance of municipal bonds. They allow States and cities to finance infra-structure, build schools, pave roads, and build subways. They are all fi-nanced with municipal bonds. Unfortunately, in the banking regu-lators’ liquidity rule—which requires banks to hold a minimum amount of liquid assets—they chose to allow cor-porate bonds to qualify as liquid assets, but completely excluded municipal bonds—even municipal bonds that are just as liquid and high-grade as cor-porate bonds. This makes no sense, and it effec-tively discriminates against municipal bonds and cities. A municipal bond that is just as liquid as the most liquid corporate bond would not be counted as a liquid asset under the rule just be-cause it was issued by a municipality rather than a corporation. The Fed has already recognized this error and has amended its rule to fix the problem. But the OCC, which regu-lates national banks, is still refusing to amend its rule and insists on favoring corporations over municipalities. So Mr. M
ESSER and I introduced this bill because this kind of arbitrary discrimi-nation against municipalities cannot be allowed to continue. So in sum, this bill levels the playing field for cities and States in a way that maintains the safety and soundness of our banking system. The bill passed the Financial Services Committee 60–0 in July, and last Congress the bill passed the full House by a voice vote. So I urge my colleagues to, once again, support this bipartisan legisla-tion which is critically important for our States and our cities. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1624. I commend my ranking member from the Sub-committee on Capital Markets, Securi-ties, and Investments, Mrs. M
ALONEY , as well as the work from my colleague from Indiana. This is a commonsense, no-nonsense, bipartisan solution to a mistake that was made by regulators. We need to grant clarity and harmony to those who are borrowing those dollars, those municipalities, States, and cities, as well as the investors and those who hold these bonds. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the oppor-tunity to be here. I am pleased that we can support H.R. 1624, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1624, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to require the appro-priate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obligations as no lower than level 2B liquid assets, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING RESOURCES, OFFI-CERS, AND TECHNOLOGY TO ERADICATE CYBER THREATS TO OUR CHILDREN ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 782) to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 782 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Providing Resources, Officers, and Technology To Eradicate Cyber Threats to Our Children Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘PROTECT Our Children Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE NATIONAL INTERNET CRIMES AGAINST CHIL-DREN TASK FORCE PROGRAM. 
Title I of the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 17601 et seq.) is amended in section 107(a)(10) (42 U.S.C. 17617(a)(10)), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on S. 782, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased today that we are voting to reauthorize the Pros-ecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.061 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7707 October 3, 2017 
end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003, or the PROTECT Act. The PROTECT Act authorizes local law enforcement task forces to combat crimes against children online. These internet crimes against children, or ICAC, task forces have been absolutely crucial in the prevention, investiga-tion, and prosecution of internet crimes against children. The program was developed in response to the in-creasing number of children and teen-agers using the internet, the prolifera-tion of child sexual abuse images avail-able electronically, and heightened on-line activity by predators seeking un-supervised contact with potential un-derage victims. Since the ICAC program’s inception in 1998, more than 589,000 law enforce-ment officers, prosecutors, and other professionals have been trained on techniques to investigate and pros-ecute ICAC-related cases. More than 709,000 complaints of alleged child sex-ual victimization have been reviewed resulting in the arrest of more than 73,000 individuals. There are now 61 co-ordinated task forces representing over 4,500 Federal, State, and local law en-forcement and prosecutorial agencies. The need for these ICAC task forces has never been greater. The use of the internet by children is only increasing, and so are the crimes committed against them. Law enforcement offi-cers are encountering new types of crimes such as sextortion, that create new complexities in their investiga-tions. I would like to take a moment to commend Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ  from Florida and Mr. S
MITH from Texas for introducing the companion bill in this House. During his tenure as Judi-ciary Committee chairman, my friend, L
AMAR SMITH, was a tireless advocate on behalf of our Nation’s children. Children are our must precious re-source, and we must be vigilant in en-suring their protection. As a father and grandfather, I can think of no more im-portant role we can play than pro-tecting our children. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, first, before I start, I would like to congratulate the gentle-woman from Florida for her consistent work on this legislation. For those of us who have served, we certainly are well aware of the work that has been done, and I have been very privileged on the Judiciary Committee to join with her work, and I just want to con-gratulate her on that. As we begin, let me also take just a moment to acknowledge, again, the massacre that occurred on Sunday night in Las Vegas, Nevada. As I was pondering the actions of this body last evening with a moment of silence, I wondered whether that—although it is of much reverence—whether that, in fact, will heal the wounds of those who lost their loved ones or those who are still mending—the 500-plus who were in the hospital and have been in the hos-pital. So before I speak to S. 782, I want to make it clear that I think it is crucial that the letter that both Mr. CONYERS  and I signed regarding asserting juris-diction on the silencer bill is crucial. And as well it is crucial that this body does more than this, in essence, a mo-ment of silence to heal the wounds of those who are now speechless about the loss of their loved ones. And as well it might be time to take a knee or to kneel, but it is time to pass legislation. I would hope that we would pass leg-islation that has been offered, the King-Thompson bill, and a number of other legislative initiatives that many of us have. With that, I rise in support of S. 782, the Providing Resources, Officers, and Technology to Eradicate Cyber Threats to Our Children Act of 2017. This legislation will reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Chil-dren Task Force Program by amending the language in section 105(h) of the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008, in-troduced by then-Senator Joe Biden. This bill authorizes appropriations for this program in the amount of $60 million for each fiscal year from 2018 through 2022. These figures are con-sistent with current appropriated lev-els. We have a special responsibility to protect our young people. For that rea-son, I support S. 782, a bill that will provide adequate resources to help eradicate the cyber threats that con-tinue to threaten the lives of our chil-dren. I support this important bipartisan measure for several reasons. First, it will facilitate more comprehensive in-vestigation into violent acts per-petrated against innocent children. b1530 The task force program creates a co-ordinated group of investigative task forces representing 3,500 Federal, State, and local law enforcement and prosecutorial agencies. Second, this bill will provide support to officers that will allow them to bet-ter identify these threats, conduct in-vestigation and training, and enforce the laws. The task force is particularly impor-tant because it becomes a specialty en-tity that deals with saving our chil-dren. The task forces aid local and State law enforcement in creating and imple-menting effective responses to techno-logically facilitated child sexual ex-ploitation and internet crimes against children. As the internet becomes more sophis-ticated and there are those who would want to be bad actors and utilize this very important national/international asset, this task force is crucial. They provide law enforcement and prosecu-torial agencies with guidance on vic-tim support, forensic investigations, training and technical assistance, pre-vention, and community education—all crucial elements to a holistic approach to stopping the attack on our children, stopping the sexual exploitation on our children, and stopping the internet crimes against our children. In the Judiciary Committee today, we were dealing with another aspect of this issue, which is sex trafficking and human trafficking. This is an important component, again, to giving our children back their innocence and letting them be strong in the knowledge of the love and affec-tion the Nation has for them and pro-tecting them as they grow and thrive. Finally, this bill will provide the technological resources to detect on-line threats in real time and provide a platform on which law enforcement can operate in order to bring these per-petrators to justice. Just this morning, the Judiciary Committee, as I indicated, held a hear-ing regarding online sex trafficking. We are all in agreement that we must eradicate this threat to our young peo-ple and that we must take action against other victimization of children that can occur online. This legislation is, in fact, a key element of that. Al-though we still have work to do to ad-dress these problems, this bill is a good start. For the foregoing reasons, I ask my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 782, the ‘‘Providing Resources, Officers, and Tech-nology to Eradicate Cyber Threats to Our Chil-dren Act of 2017.’’ This legislation will reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program by amending the language in section 105(h) of the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008, introduced by then-Senator Joe Biden. This bill authorizes appropriations for this program in the amount of $60,000,000 for each fiscal year from 2018 through 2022. These figures are consistent with current ap-propriated levels. We have a special responsibility to protect our young people. For that reason, I support S. 782, a bill that would provide adequate resources to help eradicate the cyber threats that continue to threaten the lives of our children. I support this important bipartisan measure for several reasons. First, it will facilitate more comprehensive in-vestigation into violent acts perpetrated against innocent children. The Task Force Program creates a coordi-nated group of investigative task forces rep-resenting 3,500 federal, state and local law enforcement and prosecutorial agencies. Second, this bill will provide support to offi-cers that will allow them to better identify these threats, conduct investigation and train-ing, and enforce the laws. The Task Forces aid local and state law en-forcement in creating and implementing effec-tive responses to technologically facilitated child sexual exploitation and internet crimes against children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.064 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7708 October 3, 2017 
They provide law enforcement and prosecu-torial agencies with guidance on victim sup-port, forensic investigations, training and tech-nical assistance, prevention and community education. And finally, this bill will provide the techno-logical resources needed to detect online threats in real-time and provide a platform on which law enforcement can operate in order to bring these perpetrators to justice. Just this morning, the Judiciary Committee held a hearing regarding Online Sex Traf-ficking. We were all in agreement that we must eradicate this threat to our young people, as we must take action against other victim-ization of children that can occur online. Although we still have work to do to address these problems, this bill is a good start, and for the foregoing reasons, I ask my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ), the ranking member of the full committee. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 782, the Providing Re-sources, Officers, and Technology to Eradicate Cyber Threats to Our Chil-dren Act of 2017, and thank my col-league from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), who has worked so diligently on this matter. Mr. Speaker, this bill authorizes ap-propriations for this program in the amount of $60 million for each fiscal year from 2018 through 2022. These fig-ures are consistent with current appro-priated levels. We must continue to protect our children from the daily threats that permeate the electronic platform and endanger the well-being of our chil-dren. Earlier this morning, as has been said, the House Judiciary Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-land Security, and Investigations held a hearing addressing these very prob-lems. As ranking member of that com-mittee, I vow to continue my commit-ment toward eradicating this infec-tious poison that has claimed the inno-cence of so many of our youths. I look forward to working with my colleagues and others on these very im-portant issues. That is why I support the measures put forth in this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ ), who has been a key sup-porter and advocate for this important legislation. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her commitment, for her work, and for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I spent 5 years as a proud member of the Judiciary Com-mittee. I miss it and I hope to return one day to add on to my responsibil-ities as a member of the Appropria-tions Committee. I also thank Mr. GOODLATTE for his leadership and solid, consistent support for this program over the last decade. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 782, Providing Resources, Officers, and Technology to Eradicate Cyber Threats to Our Children Act—or the PROTECT Our Children Act—be-cause at this very moment there are thousands of children out there waiting to be saved. Our children deserve, as we all agree, a future that is healthy, prosperous, bright, secure, and, most of all, safe. That is, of course, what every parent cares about the most: the safety of their children. But, sadly, our children are vulnerable when they are online. With the proliferation of the internet and wireless technology, online child pornography has become an epidemic, and I don’t use that term lightly. The ever-increasing reach of the modern internet has facilitated an exploding, multibillion-dollar market for child pornography. Tragically, the demand for this criminal market can only be supplied by graphic new images, and these im-ages can only be supplied through the sexual assault of more children. Let’s not forget that these are not just hei-nous photos or images. They are, sim-ply put, crime scene photos created by a thriving industry that uses children as sexual commodities. Ten years ago, I introduced H.R. 3845, the Providing Resources, Officers, and Technology to Eradicate Cyber Threats to Our Children Act of 2007—or PRO-TECT Our Children Act of 2007. At a House Judiciary hearing on that bill, my colleagues will remember we heard from a very brave young woman, Alicia Kozakiewicz. She had been ab-ducted by an internet predator when she was just 13 years old. She was held captive in his dungeon basement and sexually tortured for 4 days. The FBI found Alicia because the Virginia Internet Crimes Against Chil-dren Task Force—or ICAC—had the technology to lift the digital finger-prints of this perpetrator’s crimes. They were able to discover the location where he held her captive, chained to the floor, connected to a collar around her neck. Internet crimes officers tracked the IP address back to his door and literally rescued Alicia from death. I remember Alicia’s testimony like it was yesterday because it moved many of the members of that committee, in-cluding myself, to tears. Over the course of that next year, we learned a lot about these types of offenders: who they are, how they operate, and, most importantly, where they are. We saw detailed law enforcement maps that showed the locations of hun-dreds of thousands of sexual predators, over half of whom had actual child vic-tims waiting to be rescued. That number might lend people to think: Come on, that has to be an exag-geration. It is not. I have seen the evi-dence before my eyes: hundreds of thousands of sexual predators, each on a computer uploading pictures of child victims that they are sexually assault-ing. Those maps described the truly harrowing environment. Congress did what it was supposed to do. We acted. We passed H.R. 3845 and, the following year, passed its com-panion, S. 1738. This legislation estab-lished the National Internet Crimes Against Children—or ICAC—Task Force Program, a specialized group of law enforcement officials dedicated to the protection of our children. In 2009 and 2010, Congress funded the ICAC Task Force at close to their full authorization levels of $50 million per year. The task forces grew from 42 to 61, and arrests and child rescues dou-bled. Literally thousands more predators were apprehended and children rescued. An untold number of sexual assaults were prevented by virtue of the fact that the most dangerous offenders were sitting behind bars, where they could no longer harm our children. In 2011, however, the ICAC Task Force budget was slashed, cut from $50 million to where it is today at $27 mil-lion. So, with all due respect, I have to correct my colleagues. We are not funding the ICAC Task Force at au-thorized levels. This cut remains intact, despite the fact that, as of August 2017, law en-forcement has seen nearly a half mil-lion unique IP addresses trafficking in sexual abuse images in the U.S. That is hundreds of thousands of separate on-line sexual predators, and that number is only from January 2017 to August 31, 2017. Even more heartbreaking, law en-forcement officials tell us that the vic-tims are getting younger, most under the age of 10, and the abuse is getting more sadistic. According to the Na-tional Center for Missing and Exploited Children, 44 percent of the images, Mr. Speaker, they viewed in 2016 depicted sexual torture. Law enforcement also tells us that only 7 percent of the top 100 traders on peer-to-peer networks trading these types of images are even under inves-tigation. Mr. Speaker, this is not just unac-ceptable; it is tragic. We owe our chil-dren much better than that. They de-serve our help and a Congress that will do whatever it can to ensure their health and safety. S. 782, the Senate version of a bill that I introduced in March of this year with my colleague and friend, L
AMAR  S
MITH, as the chairman kindly thanked us, reauthorizes the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force. According to estimates, half of the arrests made by ICAC teams lead us to the door of a hands-on offender and, thus, a child waiting to be rescued. The PROTECT Our Children reau-thorization before us today will help us continue to provide the safety net we so desperately need by allowing these highly successful ICAC Task Forces to continue to support State and local law enforcement agencies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.018 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7709 October 3, 2017 
While I applaud House leadership for making sure this crucial child rescue program and funding is not allowed to expire, I beseech my colleagues to also make sure that the ICAC Task Forces are fully funded. As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I press for that every year. We have to do better. We have to get as close to the authorization level as we can, because we actually rescue children with the more resources we put into this. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, we must give the protection of these children our full focus and ef-forts. Please think about these pre-cious babies being victimized. If you are a parent—and many of us are—God forbid if it was your own child. It could be any of our children, because of the prevalence of our children being online. Let’s give these ICAC teams the re-sources they need to rescue as many children as possible. If we do that, thousands more innocent children will be protected from these unspeakable crimes. There, but for the grace of God, go our families and children. I thank my Republican lead cospon-sor, Congressman L
AMAR SMITH, for teaming up with me again to reauthor-ize this for yet another 5 years for this critical issue. I urge my colleagues to support the PROTECT Our Children Act reauthorization. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member of the full committee and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ for very instruc-tive and important statements, par-ticularly the plea that Ms. W
ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ made that we must reauthor-ize and, more importantly, fund these task forces, because they do, in fact, save lives. Let me acknowledge the chairman of this committee for the collaboration on this bill, and let me again empha-size that we must make sure that it is authorized at the amount of money needed. If there is ever an unfortunate and tragic example, it is that of the story of Alicia. She represents the Johnnys and Marys and Tommys and Shirleys and Quamis and Lateshas and others across the Nation who fall victim to this kind of cruel and almost inhuman attack on our children, innocent as they are, smart as they are, using the internet as they do online for any num-ber of reasons, but then wooed by a dastardly person who wants to do them harm. The task forces that are now based upon knowledge, expertise, commit-ment, passion, and with number of staffing that they need, can really be for not only prevention, but the inter-vention to stop our children from fall-ing victim. So I ask my colleagues to support S. 782, the Providing Resources, Officers, and Technology to Eradicate Cyber Threats to Our Children Act of 2017—or the PROTECT Our Children Act—as quickly as possible so that it can move to the President’s desk and, as well, that we continue the pathway not only of intervention and prevention, but completely ceasing the online violence against our children because we have been able to ensure that these individ-uals, in large numbers, are brought to justice. By that very point, they cease to survive and thrive on the internet. Mr. Speaker, I ask for support of S. 782, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1545 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their strong bipartisan support and our staff on both sides of the aisle for their out-standing work on this very important legislation to reauthorize a program that I am very, very familiar with. The sheriff of Bedford County, Vir-ginia, has been a leading advocate for this program and has provided services in his sheriff’s department that have protected thousands of children not just in our immediate region in south-west Virginia, but all across the coun-try. I am very, very familiar with the work that goes on, day in and day out, of training law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and others, as well as the detection and prosecution of individ-uals who would commit these heinous crimes. This bill has done as much as any I know to keep children safe on the internet. This law and this bill are important to reauthorize for another 5 years. I urge my colleagues to support this leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 782, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
ELDER ABUSE PREVENTION AND PROSECUTION ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 178) to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 178 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Elder Abuse Prevention and Prosecu-tion Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—SUPPORTING FEDERAL CASES INVOLVING ELDER JUSTICE Sec. 101. Supporting Federal cases involving elder justice. TITLE II—IMPROVED DATA COLLECTION AND FEDERAL COORDINATION Sec. 201. Establishment of best practices for local, State, and Federal data collection. Sec. 202. Effective interagency coordination and Federal data collection. TITLE III—ENHANCED VICTIM ASSIST-ANCE TO ELDER ABUSE SURVIVORS Sec. 301. Sense of the Senate. Sec. 302. Report. TITLE IV—ROBERT MATAVA ELDER ABUSE PROSECUTION ACT OF 2017 Sec. 401. Short title. Sec. 402. Enhanced penalty for tele-marketing and email mar-keting fraud directed at elders. Sec. 403. Training and technical assistance for States. Sec. 404. Interstate initiatives. TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 501. Court-appointed guardianship over-sight activities under the Elder Justice Act of 2009. Sec. 502. GAO reports. Sec. 503. Outreach to State and local law en-forcement agencies. Sec. 504. Model power of attorney legisla-tion. Sec. 505. Best practices and model legisla-tion for guardianship pro-ceedings. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the terms ‘‘abuse’’, ‘‘adult protective services’’, ‘‘elder’’, ‘‘elder justice’’, ‘‘exploi-tation’’, ‘‘law enforcement’’, and ‘‘neglect’’ have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 2011 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397j); (2) the term ‘‘elder abuse’’ includes abuse, neglect, and exploitation of an elder; and (3) the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States of the United States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any other territory or pos-session of the United States. TITLE I—SUPPORTING FEDERAL CASES INVOLVING ELDER JUSTICE 
SEC. 101. SUPPORTING FEDERAL CASES INVOLV-ING ELDER JUSTICE. 
(a) S UPPORT AND ASSISTANCE .— (1) E
LDER JUSTICE COORDINATORS .—The At- torney General shall designate in each Fed-eral judicial district not less than one As-sistant United States Attorney to serve as the Elder Justice Coordinator for the dis-trict, who, in addition to any other respon-sibilities, shall be responsible for— (A) serving as the legal counsel for the Federal judicial district on matters relating to elder abuse; (B) prosecuting, or assisting in the pros-ecution of, elder abuse cases; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.067 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7710 October 3, 2017 
(C) conducting public outreach and aware-ness activities relating to elder abuse; and (D) ensuring the collection of data required to be collected under section 202. (2) I
NVESTIGATIVE SUPPORT .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall, with respect to crimes relating to elder abuse, ensure the implementation of a reg-ular and comprehensive training program to train agents of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation in the investigation and prosecution of such crimes and the enforcement of laws related to elder abuse, which shall include— (A) specialized strategies for commu-nicating with and assisting elder abuse vic-tims; and (B) relevant forensic training relating to elder abuse. (3) R
ESOURCE GROUP .—The Attorney Gen-eral, through the Executive Office for United States Attorneys, shall ensure the operation of a resource group to facilitate the sharing of knowledge, experience, sample pleadings and other case documents, training mate-rials, and any other resources to assist pros-ecutors throughout the United States in pur-suing cases relating to elder abuse. (4) D
ESIGNATED ELDER JUSTICE WORKING  
GROUP OR SUBCOMMITTEE TO THE ATTORNEY  
GENERAL ’S ADVISORY COMMITTEE OF UNITED  
STATES ATTORNEYS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Director of the Executive Office for United States Attorneys, shall establish a sub-committee or working group to the Attorney General’s Advisory Committee of United States Attorneys, as established under sec-tion 0.10 of title 28, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor thereto, for the pur-poses of advising the Attorney General on policies of the Department of Justice relat-ing to elder abuse. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE ELDER JUSTICE  C
OORDINATOR .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attor-ney General shall designate an Elder Justice Coordinator within the Department of Jus-tice who, in addition to any other respon-sibilities, shall be responsible for— (1) coordinating and supporting the law en-forcement efforts and policy activities for the Department of Justice on elder justice issues; (2) evaluating training models to deter-mine best practices and creating or com-piling and making publicly available replica-tion guides and training materials for law enforcement officers, prosecutors, judges, emergency responders, individuals working in victim services, adult protective services, social services, and public safety, medical personnel, mental health personnel, finan-cial services personnel, and any other indi-viduals whose work may bring them in con-tact with elder abuse regarding how to— (A) conduct investigations in elder abuse cases; (B) address evidentiary issues and other legal issues; and (C) appropriately assess, respond to, and interact with victims and witnesses in elder abuse cases, including in administrative, civil, and criminal judicial proceedings; and (3) carrying out such other duties as the Attorney General determines necessary in connection with enhancing the under-standing, prevention, and detection of, and response to, elder abuse. (c) F
EDERAL TRADE COMMISSION .— (1) F
EDERAL TRADE COMMISSION ELDER JUS -
TICE COORDINATOR .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the Federal Trade Commission shall designate within the Bureau of Con-sumer Protection of the Federal Trade Com-mission an Elder Justice Coordinator who, in addition to any other responsibilities, shall be responsible for— (A) coordinating and supporting the en-forcement and consumer education efforts and policy activities of the Federal Trade Commission on elder justice issues; and (B) serving as, or ensuring the availability of, a central point of contact for individuals, units of local government, States, and other Federal agencies on matters relating to the enforcement and consumer education efforts and policy activities of the Federal Trade Commission on elder justice issues. (2) REPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and once every year thereafter, the Chair-man of the Federal Trade Commission and the Attorney General shall each submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report detail-ing the enforcement actions taken by the Federal Trade Commission and the Depart-ment of Justice, respectively, over the pre-ceding year in each case in which not less than one victim was an elder or that in-volved a financial scheme or scam that was either targeted directly toward or largely af-fected elders, including— (A) the name of the district where the case originated; (B) the style of the case, including the case name and number; (C) a description of the scheme or scam; and (D) the outcome of the case. (d) U
SE OF APPROPRIATED FUNDS .—No addi- tional funds are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this section. TITLE II—IMPROVED DATA COLLECTION AND FEDERAL COORDINATION 
SEC. 201. ESTABLISHMENT OF BEST PRACTICES FOR LOCAL, STATE, AND FEDERAL DATA COLLECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General, in consultation with Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies, shall— (1) establish best practices for data collec-tion to focus on elder abuse; and (2) provide technical assistance to State, local, and tribal governments in adopting the best practices established under para-graph (1). (b) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attor-ney General shall publish the best practices established under subsection (a)(1) on the website of the Department of Justice in a publicly accessible manner. (c) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to require or obligate compliance with the best practices estab-lished under subsection (a)(1). 
SEC. 202. EFFECTIVE INTERAGENCY COORDINA-TION AND FEDERAL DATA COLLEC-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, on an annual basis— (1) collect from Federal law enforcement agencies, other agencies as appropriate, and Federal prosecutors’ offices statistical data related to elder abuse cases, including cases or investigations where one or more victims were elders, or the case or investigation in-volved a financial scheme or scam that was either targeted directly toward or largely af-fected elders; and (2) publish on the website of the Depart-ment of Justice in a publicly accessible man-ner— (A) a summary of the data collected under paragraph (1); and (B) recommendations for collecting addi-tional data relating to elder abuse, including recommendations for ways to improve data reporting across Federal, State, and local agencies. (b) REQUIREMENT .—The data collected under subsection (a)(1) shall include— (1) the total number of investigations initi-ated by Federal law enforcement agencies, other agencies as appropriate, and Federal prosecutors’ offices related to elder abuse; (2) the total number and types of elder abuse cases filed in Federal courts; and (3) for each case described in paragraph (2)— (A) the name of the district where the case originated; (B) the style of the case, including the case name and number; (C) a description of the act or acts giving rise to the elder abuse; (D) in the case of a scheme or scam, a de-scription of such scheme or scam giving rise to the elder abuse; (E) information about each alleged perpe-trator of the elder abuse; and (F) the outcome of the case. (c) HHS R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, on an an-nual basis, provide to the Attorney General statistical data collected by the Secretary relating to elder abuse cases investigated by adult protective services, which shall be in-cluded in the summary published under sub-section (a)(2). (d) P
ROHIBITION ON INDIVIDUAL DATA.—None of the information reported under this sec-tion shall include specific individually iden-tifiable data. TITLE III—ENHANCED VICTIM ASSIST-ANCE TO ELDER ABUSE SURVIVORS 
SEC. 301. SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate finds the fol-lowing: (1) The vast majority of cases of abuse, ne-glect, and exploitation of older adults in the United States go unidentified and unre-ported. (2) Not less than $2,900,000,000 is taken from older adults each year due to financial abuse and exploitation. (3) Elder abuse, neglect, and exploitation have no boundaries and cross all racial, so-cial, class, gender, and geographic lines. (4) Older adults who are abused are 3 times more likely to die earlier than older adults of the same age who are not abused. (5) Up to half of all older adults with de-mentia will experience abuse. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) elder abuse involves the exploitation of potentially vulnerable individuals with dev-astating physical, mental, emotional, and fi-nancial consequences to the victims and their loved ones; (2) to combat this affront to America’s older adults, we must do everything possible to both support victims of elder abuse and prevent the abuse from occurring in the first place; and (3) the Senate supports a multipronged ap-proach to prevent elder abuse and exploi-tation, protect the victims of elder abuse and exploitation from further harm, and bring the perpetrators of such crimes to justice. 
SEC. 302. REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the collection of sta-tistical data under section 202(a)(1) begins and once each year thereafter, the Director of the Office for Victims of Crime shall sub-mit a report to the Committee on the Judici-ary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives that addresses, to the extent data are avail-able, the nature, extent, and amount of fund-ing under the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601 et seq.) for victims of crime who are elders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.020 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7711 October 3, 2017 
(b) C ONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of victims’ assistance, vic-tims’ compensation, and discretionary grants under which elder abuse victims (in-cluding elder victims of financial abuse, fi-nancial exploitation, and fraud) received as-sistance; and (2) recommendations for improving serv-ices for victims of elder abuse. TITLE IV—ROBERT MATAVA ELDER ABUSE PROSECUTION ACT OF 2017 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Robert Matava Elder Abuse Prosecution Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 402. ENHANCED PENALTY FOR TELE-MARKETING AND EMAIL MARKETING FRAUD DIRECTED AT ELDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 113A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the chapter heading, by inserting ‘‘AND EMAIL MARKETING’’ after ‘‘TELE- MARKETING’’; (2) by striking section 2325 and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 2325. Definition ‘‘In this chapter, the term ‘telemarketing or email marketing’— ‘‘(1) means a plan, program, promotion, or campaign that is conducted to induce— ‘‘(A) purchases of goods or services; ‘‘(B) participation in a contest or sweep-stakes; ‘‘(C) a charitable contribution, donation, or gift of money or any other thing of value; ‘‘(D) investment for financial profit; ‘‘(E) participation in a business oppor-tunity; ‘‘(F) commitment to a loan; or ‘‘(G) participation in a fraudulent medical study, research study, or pilot study, by use of one or more interstate telephone calls, emails, text messages, or electronic in-stant messages initiated either by a person who is conducting the plan, program, pro-motion, or campaign or by a prospective pur-chaser or contest or sweepstakes participant or charitable contributor, donor, or investor; and ‘‘(2) does not include the solicitation through the posting, publication, or mailing of a catalog or brochure that— ‘‘(A) contains a written description or il-lustration of the goods, services, or other op-portunities being offered; ‘‘(B) includes the business address of the solicitor; ‘‘(C) includes multiple pages of written ma-terial or illustration; and ‘‘(D) has been issued not less frequently than once a year, if the person making the solicitation does not solicit customers by telephone, email, text message, or electronic instant message, but only receives interstate telephone calls, emails, text messages, or electronic instant messages initiated by customers in response to the written materials, whether in hard copy or digital format, and in response to those interstate telephone calls, emails, text messages, or electronic instant messages does not conduct further solicitation.’’; (3) in section 2326, in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘or 1344’’ and inserting ‘‘1344, or 1347 or section 1128B of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b)’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or email marketing’’ after ‘‘telemarketing’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 2328. Mandatory forfeiture ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The court, in imposing sentence on a person who is convicted of any offense for which an enhanced penalty is pro-vided under section 2326, shall order that the defendant forfeit to the United States— ‘‘(1) any property, real or personal, consti-tuting or traceable to gross proceeds ob-tained from such offense; and ‘‘(2) any equipment, software, or other technology used or intended to be used to commit or to facilitate the commission of such offense. ‘‘(b) PROCEDURES .—The procedures set forth in section 413 of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 853), other than sub-section (d) of that section, and in Rule 32.2 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, shall apply to all stages of a criminal for-feiture proceeding under this section.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) The table of chapters at the beginning of part I of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to chapter 113A and inserting the following: ‘‘113A. Telemarketing and email marketing fraud .......................... 2325’’. (2) The table of sections for chapter 113A of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2327 the following: ‘‘2328. Mandatory forfeiture.’’. 
SEC. 403. TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR STATES. 
The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and in coordination with the Elder Justice Coordinating Council (established under section 2021 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397k)), shall create, compile, evaluate, and disseminate materials and in-formation, and provide the necessary train-ing and technical assistance, to assist States and units of local government in— (1) investigating, prosecuting, pursuing, preventing, understanding, and mitigating the impact of— (A) physical, sexual, and psychological abuse of elders; (B) exploitation of elders, including finan-cial abuse and scams targeting elders; and (C) neglect of elders; and (2) assessing, addressing, and mitigating the physical and psychological trauma to victims of elder abuse. 
SEC. 404. INTERSTATE INITIATIVES. 
(a) I NTERSTATE AGREEMENTS AND COM-
PACTS .—The consent of Congress is given to any two or more States (acting through State agencies with jurisdiction over adult protective services) to enter into agreements or compacts for cooperative effort and mu-tual assistance— (1) in promoting the safety and well-being of elders; and (2) in enforcing their respective laws and policies to promote such safety and well- being. (b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS ON INTERSTATE COM-
MUNICATION .—The Executive Director of the State Justice Institute, in consultation with State or local adult protective services, aging, social, and human services and law enforcement agencies, nationally recognized nonprofit associations with expertise in data sharing among criminal justice agencies and familiarity with the issues raised in elder abuse cases, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall submit to Congress legislative proposals relating to the facilita-tion of interstate agreements and compacts. TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 501. COURT-APPOINTED GUARDIANSHIP OVERSIGHT ACTIVITIES UNDER THE ELDER JUSTICE ACT OF 2009. 
Section 2042(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397m–1(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(and, in the case of demonstration programs de-scribed in paragraph (2)(E), to the highest courts of States)’’ after ‘‘States’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(and the highest courts of States, in the case of demonstration pro-grams described in subparagraph (E))’’ after ‘‘local units of government’’; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; (C) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F); and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (D), the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) subject to paragraph (3), programs to assess the fairness, effectiveness, timeliness, safety, integrity, and accessibility of adult guardianship and conservatorship pro-ceedings, including the appointment and the monitoring of the performance of court-ap-pointed guardians and conservators, and to implement changes deemed necessary as a result of the assessments such as mandating background checks for all potential guard-ians and conservators, and implementing systems to enable the annual accountings and other required conservatorship and guardianship filings to be completed, filed, and reviewed electronically in order to sim-plify the filing process for conservators and guardians and better enable courts to iden-tify discrepancies and detect fraud and the exploitation of protected persons; or’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respec-tively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (2), the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) REQUIREMENTS FOR COURT -APPOINTED  
GUARDIANSHIP OVERSIGHT DEMONSTRATION  
PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(A) A
WARD OF GRANTS .—In awarding grants to the highest courts of States for demonstration programs described in para-graph (2)(E), the Secretary shall consider the recommendations of the Attorney General and the State Justice Institute, as estab-lished by section 203 of the State Justice In-stitute Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10702). ‘‘(B) C
OLLABORATION .—The highest court of a State awarded a grant to conduct a dem-onstration program described in paragraph (2)(E) shall collaborate with the State Unit on Aging for the State and the Adult Protec-tive Services agency for the State in con-ducting the demonstration program.’’; (5) in paragraph (4) (as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this section), by inserting ‘‘(and, in the case of demonstration pro-grams described in paragraph (2)(E), the highest court of a State)’’ after ‘‘a State’’; and (6) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘(or, in the case of demonstration programs described in paragraph (2)(E), the highest court of a State)’’ after ‘‘State’’ each place it appears. 
SEC. 502. GAO REPORTS. 
(a) E LDER JUSTICE RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall review existing Fed-eral programs and initiatives in the Federal criminal justice system relevant to elder jus-tice and shall submit to Congress— (1) a report on such programs and initia-tives; and (2) any recommendations the Comptroller General determines are appropriate to im-prove elder justice in the United States. (b) R
EPORT ON ELDER ABUSE AND INTER -
NATIONAL CRIMINAL ENTERPRISES .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on— (1) Federal Government efforts to mon-itor— (A) the exploitation of older adults of the United States in global drug trafficking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.020 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7712 October 3, 2017 
schemes and other international criminal enterprises; (B) the extent to which exploitation of older adults of the United States by inter-national criminal enterprises has resulted in the incarceration of these citizens of the United States in foreign countries; and (C) the total annual number of elder abuse cases pending in the United States; and (2) the results of intervention by the United States with foreign officials on behalf of citizens of the United States who are elder abuse victims in international criminal en-terprises. 
SEC. 503. OUTREACH TO STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES. 
The Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report on efforts by the Department of Justice to conduct outreach to State and local law enforcement agencies on the process for collaborating with the Federal Government for the purpose of investigating and prosecuting interstate and international elder financial exploi-tation cases. 
SEC. 504. MODEL POWER OF ATTORNEY LEGISLA-TION. 
The Attorney General shall publish model power of attorney legislation for the purpose of preventing elder abuse. 
SEC. 505. BEST PRACTICES AND MODEL LEGISLA-TION FOR GUARDIANSHIP PRO-CEEDINGS. 
The Attorney General shall publish best practices for improving guardianship pro-ceedings and model legislation relating to guardianship proceedings for the purpose of preventing elder abuse. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on S. 178, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, S. 178, the Elder Abuse Prevention and Prosecution Act, takes several steps to protect American sen-iors from financial exploitation and physical abuse. This legislation pro-motes the investigation and prosecu-tion of perpetrators who prey upon sen-iors, enhances data collection, and pro-vides resources for robust elder abuse prevention programs. Some estimate that approximately 1 in 10 senior citizens are abused annu-ally, but only 1 in 23 cases of elder abuse are reported to authorities each year. At least $2.9 billion is taken from older adults each year due to financial abuse and exploitation. The abuse of these vulnerable victims causes devastating physical, mental, emotional, and financial consequences to the victims and their loved ones, and we must combat this injustice. This bill requires each U.S. Attor-ney’s Office to appoint an elder justice coordinator and requires the FBI to provide specialized training to agents relating to the investigation of elder abuse crimes. It mandates that both the Department of Justice and the Fed-eral Trade Commission designate an elder justice coordinator. It strengthens criminal laws to en-sure that offenders who seek to exploit seniors through fraudulent email mar-keting are appropriately punished, and it enhances data collection on crimes against senior citizens so we can one day understand the full scope of this problem. I believe it was Mahatma Gandhi who said: ‘‘A nation’s greatness is measured by how it treats its weakest members.’’ We must ensure that appropriate meas-ures are taken to protect our senior citizens, and that is precisely what this bill aims to do. This bill passed the Senate unani-mously, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation in similar fash-ion. I want to thank the gentleman from Michigan, the ranking member of the committee, for his work on this impor-tant legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 178, the Elder Abuse Prevention and Prosecution Act. I thank the chair-man of the Judiciary Committee for his excellent work in this area. This legislation would increase pro-tections for elder abuse victims, which is very important, as a vast majority of cases of abuse, neglect, and exploi-tation of older adults in the United States often go unreported and unaddressed. Each year, nearly $3 billion is taken from older adults due to financial abuse and exploitation, and this is hap-pening across all racial, social, eco-nomic, gender, and geographic lines. This important measure increases protections for victims by, first, ensur-ing support for Federal cases involving elder abuse. This support will include the requirement that the Attorney General designate at least one assist-ant United States attorney to serve as an elder justice coordinator in every judicial district to prosecute, train, as-sist with, and conduct public outreach on elder abuse. Additionally, this measure would also require that the Executive Office for United States Attorneys operate an elder abuse resource group and a work-ing group to advise the Justice Depart-ment on elder abuse issues. Secondly, this measure would require the establishment of best practices for local, State, and Federal data collec-tion to focus on elder abuse, including, for example, the total number of Fed-eral investigations of elder abuse and locations where cases are filed. Findings under this legislation in-clude the fact that older adults who are abused are three times more likely to die earlier than older adults of the same age who are not abused, and that up to half of all older adults with de-mentia will experience abuse. For these reasons, a third component of this measure that I find extremely important and valuable is the enhanced victim assistance to elder abuse sur-vivors. This measure would require that an annual report be submitted to Congress on the funding under the Vic-tims of Crime Act of 1984 for victims of crimes who are elders. And finally, this measure adds a new definition of ‘‘telemarketing and email marketing’’ under the telemarketing statute to protect victims of such scams, which typically involve elders. We must do everything possible to support victims of elder abuse and pre-vent the abuse from occurring in the first place. And so for these several reasons, I am very pleased to support the bill with the chairman of the com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, Members of the House, the elder abuse problem has dev-astating consequences to the victims as well as their loved ones, and it is an affront to America’s older adults. It in-volves the exploitation of some of our most vulnerable citizens. This measure includes a multipronged approach to prevent elder abuse and exploitation, protect the victims of elder abuse and exploi-tation from further harm, and bring the perpetrators of these crimes to jus-tice. Accordingly, I am pleased to urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume to again thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their work on this important legislation to help pro-tect senior citizens from crime. I know, from experience, that there are many, many senior citizens who be-come victims of online, on-telephone, and other forms of fraud perpetrated upon them; and this legislation helps to provide resources and appropriate punishments, to detect the people who perpetrate these crimes and to bring them to justice, and I urge my col-leagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 178. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 548, I call up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.020 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7713 October 3, 2017 
the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-ca-pable unborn children, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 36 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pain-Capa-ble Unborn Child Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. LEGISLATIVE FINDINGS AND DECLARA-TION OF CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHOR-ITY FOR ENACTMENT. 
Congress finds and declares the following: (1) Pain receptors (nociceptors) are present throughout the unborn child’s entire body and nerves link these receptors to the brain’s thalamus and subcortical plate by no later than 20 weeks after fertilization. (2) By 8 weeks after fertilization, the un-born child reacts to touch. After 20 weeks, the unborn child reacts to stimuli that would be recognized as painful if applied to an adult human, for example, by recoiling. (3) In the unborn child, application of such painful stimuli is associated with significant increases in stress hormones known as the stress response. (4) Subjection to such painful stimuli is as-sociated with long-term harmful neurodevelopmental effects, such as altered pain sensitivity and, possibly, emotional, be-havioral, and learning disabilities later in life. (5) For the purposes of surgery on unborn children, fetal anesthesia is routinely admin-istered and is associated with a decrease in stress hormones compared to their level when painful stimuli are applied without such anesthesia. In the United States, sur-gery of this type is being performed by 20 weeks after fertilization and earlier in spe-cialized units affiliated with children’s hos-pitals. (6) The position, asserted by some physi-cians, that the unborn child is incapable of experiencing pain until a point later in preg-nancy than 20 weeks after fertilization pre-dominately rests on the assumption that the ability to experience pain depends on the cerebral cortex and requires nerve connec-tions between the thalamus and the cortex. However, recent medical research and anal-ysis, especially since 2007, provides strong evidence for the conclusion that a func-tioning cortex is not necessary to experience pain. (7) Substantial evidence indicates that children born missing the bulk of the cere-bral cortex, those with hydranencephaly, nevertheless experience pain. (8) In adult humans and in animals, stimu-lation or ablation of the cerebral cortex does not alter pain perception, while stimulation or ablation of the thalamus does. (9) Substantial evidence indicates that structures used for pain processing in early development differ from those of adults, using different neural elements available at specific times during development, such as the subcortical plate, to fulfill the role of pain processing. (10) The position, asserted by some com-mentators, that the unborn child remains in a coma-like sleep state that precludes the unborn child experiencing pain is incon-sistent with the documented reaction of un-born children to painful stimuli and with the experience of fetal surgeons who have found it necessary to sedate the unborn child with anesthesia to prevent the unborn child from engaging in vigorous movement in reaction to invasive surgery. (11) Consequently, there is substantial medical evidence that an unborn child is ca-pable of experiencing pain at least by 20 weeks after fertilization, if not earlier. (12) It is the purpose of the Congress to as-sert a compelling governmental interest in protecting the lives of unborn children from the stage at which substantial medical evi-dence indicates that they are capable of feel-ing pain. (13) The compelling governmental interest in protecting the lives of unborn children from the stage at which substantial medical evidence indicates that they are capable of feeling pain is intended to be separate from and independent of the compelling govern-mental interest in protecting the lives of un-born children from the stage of viability, and neither governmental interest is intended to replace the other. (14) Congress has authority to extend pro-tection to pain-capable unborn children under the Supreme Court’s Commerce Clause precedents and under the Constitution’s grants of powers to Congress under the Equal Protection, Due Process, and Enforcement Clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment. 
SEC. 3. PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD PROTEC-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 74 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1531 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1532. PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD PRO-TECTION. 
‘‘(a) U NLAWFUL CONDUCT .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, it shall be unlawful for any person to perform an abortion or attempt to do so, unless in con-formity with the requirements set forth in subsection (b). ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ABORTIONS .— ‘‘(1) A
SSESSMENT OF THE AGE OF THE UNBORN  
CHILD .—The physician performing or at-tempting the abortion shall first make a de-termination of the probable post-fertiliza-tion age of the unborn child or reasonably rely upon such a determination made by an-other physician. In making such a deter-mination, the physician shall make such in-quiries of the pregnant woman and perform or cause to be performed such medical ex-aminations and tests as a reasonably pru-dent physician, knowledgeable about the case and the medical conditions involved, would consider necessary to make an accu-rate determination of post-fertilization age. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON PERFORMANCE OF CER -
TAIN ABORTIONS .— ‘‘(A) G
ENERALLY FOR UNBORN CHILDREN 20  
WEEKS OR OLDER .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the abortion shall not be per-formed or attempted, if the probable post- fertilization age, as determined under para-graph (1), of the unborn child is 20 weeks or greater. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subparagraph (A) does not apply if— ‘‘(i) in reasonable medical judgment, the abortion is necessary to save the life of a pregnant woman whose life is endangered by a physical disorder, physical illness, or phys-ical injury, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, but not including psy-chological or emotional conditions; ‘‘(ii) the pregnancy is the result of rape against an adult woman, and at least 48 hours prior to the abortion— ‘‘(I) she has obtained counseling for the rape; or ‘‘(II) she has obtained medical treatment for the rape or an injury related to the rape; or ‘‘(iii) the pregnancy is a result of rape against a minor or incest against a minor, and the rape or incest has been reported at any time prior to the abortion to either— ‘‘(I) a government agency legally author-ized to act on reports of child abuse; or ‘‘(II) a law enforcement agency. ‘‘(C) REQUIREMENT AS TO MANNER OF PROCE -
DURE PERFORMED .—Notwithstanding the defi-nitions of ‘abortion’ and ‘attempt an abor-tion’ in this section, a physician terminating or attempting to terminate a pregnancy under an exception provided by subparagraph (B) may do so only in the manner which, in reasonable medical judgment, provides the best opportunity for the unborn child to sur-vive. ‘‘(D) R
EQUIREMENT THAT A PHYSICIAN  
TRAINED IN NEONATAL RESUSCITATION BE  
PRESENT .—If, in reasonable medical judg-ment, the pain-capable unborn child has the potential to survive outside the womb, the physician who performs or attempts an abor-tion under an exception provided by subpara-graph (B) shall ensure a second physician trained in neonatal resuscitation is present and prepared to provide care to the child consistent with the requirements of subpara-graph (E). ‘‘(E) C
HILDREN BORN ALIVE AFTER AT -
TEMPTED ABORTIONS .—When a physician per-forms or attempts an abortion in accordance with this section, and the child is born alive, as defined in section 8 of title 1 (commonly known as the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act of 2002), the following shall apply: ‘‘(i) D
EGREE OF CARE REQUIRED .—Any health care practitioner present at the time shall humanely exercise the same degree of professional skill, care, and diligence to pre-serve the life and health of the child as a rea-sonably diligent and conscientious health care practitioner would render to a child born alive at the same gestational age in the course of a natural birth. ‘‘(ii) I
MMEDIATE ADMISSION TO A HOSPITAL .— Following the care required to be rendered under clause (i), the child born alive shall be immediately transported and admitted to a hospital. ‘‘(iii) M
ANDATORY REPORTING OF VIOLA -
TIONS .—A health care practitioner or any employee of a hospital, a physician’s office, or an abortion clinic who has knowledge of a failure to comply with the requirements of this subparagraph must immediately report the failure to an appropriate State or Fed-eral law enforcement agency or both. ‘‘(F) D
OCUMENTATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) D
OCUMENTATION PERTAINING TO  
ADULTS .—A physician who performs or at-tempts to perform an abortion under an ex-ception provided by subparagraph (B)(ii) shall, prior to the abortion, place in the pa-tient medical file documentation from a hos-pital licensed by the State or operated under authority of a Federal agency, a medical clinic licensed by the State or operated under authority of a Federal agency, from a personal physician licensed by the State, a counselor licensed by the State, or a victim’s rights advocate provided by a law enforce-ment agency that the adult woman seeking the abortion obtained medical treatment or counseling for the rape or an injury related to the rape. ‘‘(ii) D
OCUMENTATION PERTAINING TO MI -
NORS .—A physician who performs or at-tempts to perform an abortion under an ex-ception provided by subparagraph (B)(iii) shall, prior to the abortion, place in the pa-tient medical file documentation from a gov-ernment agency legally authorized to act on reports of child abuse that the rape or incest was reported prior to the abortion; or, as an alternative, documentation from a law en-forcement agency that the rape or incest was reported prior to the abortion. ‘‘(G) I
NFORMED CONSENT .— ‘‘(i) C
ONSENT FORM REQUIRED .—The physi-cian who intends to perform or attempt to perform an abortion under the provisions of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.071 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7714 October 3, 2017 
subparagraph (B) may not perform any part of the abortion procedure without first ob-taining a signed Informed Consent Author-ization form in accordance with this sub-paragraph. ‘‘(ii) C
ONTENT OF CONSENT FORM .—The In- formed Consent Authorization form shall be presented in person by the physician and shall consist of— ‘‘(I) a statement by the physician indi-cating the probable post-fertilization age of the pain-capable unborn child; ‘‘(II) a statement that Federal law allows abortion after 20 weeks fetal age only if the mother’s life is endangered by a physical dis-order, physical illness, or physical injury, when the pregnancy was the result of rape, or an act of incest against a minor; ‘‘(III) a statement that the abortion must be performed by the method most likely to allow the child to be born alive unless this would cause significant risk to the mother; ‘‘(IV) a statement that in any case in which an abortion procedure results in a child born alive, Federal law requires that child to be given every form of medical as-sistance that is provided to children sponta-neously born prematurely, including trans-portation and admittance to a hospital; ‘‘(V) a statement that these requirements are binding upon the physician and all other medical personnel who are subject to crimi-nal and civil penalties and that a woman on whom an abortion has been performed may take civil action if these requirements are not followed; and ‘‘(VI) affirmation that each signer has filled out the informed consent form to the best of their knowledge and understands the information contained in the form. ‘‘(iii) S
IGNATORIES REQUIRED .—The In- formed Consent Authorization form shall be signed in person by the woman seeking the abortion, the physician performing or at-tempting to perform the abortion, and a wit-ness. ‘‘(iv) R
ETENTION OF CONSENT FORM .—The physician performing or attempting to per-form an abortion must retain the signed in-formed consent form in the patient’s medical file. ‘‘(H) R
EQUIREMENT FOR DATA RETENTION .— Paragraph (j)(2) of section 164.530 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, shall apply to documentation required to be placed in a pa-tient’s medical file pursuant to subparagraph (F) of subsection (b)(2) and a consent form required to be retained in a patient’s medical file pursuant to subparagraph (G) of such subsection in the same manner and to the same extent as such paragraph applies to documentation required by paragraph (j)(1) of such section. ‘‘(I) A
DDITIONAL EXCEPTIONS AND REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N CASES OF RISK OF DEATH OR MAJOR IN -
JURY TO THE MOTHER .—Subparagraphs (C), (D), and (G) shall not apply if, in reasonable medical judgment, compliance with such paragraphs would pose a greater risk of— ‘‘(I) the death of the pregnant woman; or ‘‘(II) the substantial and irreversible phys-ical impairment of a major bodily function, not including psychological or emotional conditions, of the pregnant woman. ‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN FACILITIES .— Notwithstanding the definitions of the terms ‘medical treatment’ and ‘counseling’ in sub-section (g), the counseling or medical treat-ment described in subparagraph (B)(ii) may not be provided by a facility that performs abortions (unless that facility is a hospital). ‘‘(iii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION IN CASES OF  
REPORTS TO LAW ENFORCEMENT .—The require-ments of subparagraph (B)(ii) do not apply if the rape has been reported at any time prior to the abortion to a law enforcement agency or Department of Defense victim assistance personnel. ‘‘(iv) COMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN STATE  
LAWS .— ‘‘(I) S
TATE LAWS REGARDING REPORTING OF  
RAPE AND INCEST .—The physician who per-forms or attempts to perform an abortion under an exception provided by subparagraph (B) shall comply with such applicable State laws that are in effect as the State’s Attor-ney General may designate, regarding re-porting requirements in cases of rape or in-cest. ‘‘(II) S
TATE LAWS REGARDING PARENTAL IN -
VOLVEMENT .—The physician who intends to perform an abortion on a minor under an ex-ception provided by subparagraph (B) shall comply with any applicable State laws re-quiring parental involvement in a minor’s decision to have an abortion. ‘‘(c) C
RIMINAL PENALTY .—Whoever violates subsection (a) shall be fined under this title or imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. ‘‘(d) B
AR TO PROSECUTION .—A woman upon whom an abortion in violation of subsection (a) is performed or attempted may not be prosecuted under, or for a conspiracy to vio-late, subsection (a), or for an offense under section 2, 3, or 4 of this title based on such a violation. ‘‘(e) C
IVILREMEDIES .— ‘‘(1) C
IVIL ACTION BY A WOMAN ON WHOM AN  
ABORTION IS PERFORMED .—A woman upon whom an abortion has been performed or at-tempted in violation of any provision of this section may, in a civil action against any person who committed the violation, obtain appropriate relief. ‘‘(2) C
IVIL ACTION BY A PARENT OF A MINOR  
ON WHOM AN ABORTION IS PERFORMED .—A par- ent of a minor upon whom an abortion has been performed or attempted under an excep-tion provided for in subsection (b)(2)(B), and that was performed in violation of any provi-sion of this section may, in a civil action against any person who committed the viola-tion obtain appropriate relief, unless the pregnancy resulted from the plaintiff’s criminal conduct. ‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATE RELIEF .—Appropriate re-lief in a civil action under this subsection in-cludes— ‘‘(A) objectively verifiable money damages for all injuries, psychological and physical, occasioned by the violation; ‘‘(B) statutory damages equal to three times the cost of the abortion; and ‘‘(C) punitive damages. ‘‘(4) A
TTORNEYS FEES FOR PLAINTIFF .—The court shall award a reasonable attorney’s fee as part of the costs to a prevailing plaintiff in a civil action under this subsection. ‘‘(5) A
TTORNEYS FEES FOR DEFENDANT .—If a defendant in a civil action under this sub-section prevails and the court finds that the plaintiff’s suit was frivolous, the court shall award a reasonable attorney’s fee in favor of the defendant against the plaintiff. ‘‘(6) A
WARDS AGAINST WOMAN .—Except under paragraph (5), in a civil action under this subsection, no damages, attorney’s fee or other monetary relief may be assessed against the woman upon whom the abortion was performed or attempted. ‘‘(f) D
ATACOLLECTION .— ‘‘(1) D
ATA SUBMISSIONS .—Any physician who performs or attempts an abortion de-scribed in subsection (b)(2)(B) shall annually submit a summary of all such abortions to the National Center for Health Statistics (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Center’) not later than 60 days after the end of the cal-endar year in which the abortion was per-formed or attempted. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF SUMMARY .—The summary shall include the number of abortions per-formed or attempted on an unborn child who had a post-fertilization age of 20 weeks or more and specify the following for each abor-tion under subsection (b)(2)(B)— ‘‘(A) the probable post-fertilization age of the unborn child; ‘‘(B) the method used to carry out the abortion; ‘‘(C) the location where the abortion was conducted; ‘‘(D) the exception under subsection (b)(2)(B) under which the abortion was con-ducted; and ‘‘(E) any incident of live birth resulting from the abortion. ‘‘(3) EXCLUSIONS FROM DATA SUBMISSIONS .— A summary required under this subsection shall not contain any information identi-fying the woman whose pregnancy was ter-minated and shall be submitted consistent with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note). ‘‘(4) P
UBLIC REPORT .—The Center shall an-nually issue a public report providing statis-tics by State for the previous year compiled from all of the summaries made to the Cen-ter under this subsection. The Center shall take care to ensure that none of the informa-tion included in the public reports could rea-sonably lead to the identification of any pregnant woman upon whom an abortion was performed or attempted. The annual report shall be issued by July 1 of the calendar year following the year in which the abortions were performed or attempted. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section the fol-lowing definitions apply: ‘‘(1) A
BORTION .—The term ‘abortion’ means the use or prescription of any instrument, medicine, drug, or any other substance or de-vice— ‘‘(A) to intentionally kill the unborn child of a woman known to be pregnant; or ‘‘(B) to intentionally terminate the preg-nancy of a woman known to be pregnant, with an intention other than— ‘‘(i) after viability to produce a live birth and preserve the life and health of the child born alive; or ‘‘(ii) to remove a dead unborn child. ‘‘(2) A
TTEMPT .—The term ‘attempt’, with respect to an abortion, means conduct that, under the circumstances as the actor be-lieves them to be, constitutes a substantial step in a course of conduct planned to cul-minate in performing an abortion. ‘‘(3) C
OUNSELING .—The term ‘counseling’ means counseling provided by a counselor li-censed by the State, or a victims rights ad-vocate provided by a law enforcement agen-cy. ‘‘(4) F
ACILITY .—The term ‘facility’ means any medical or counseling group, center or clinic and includes the entire legal entity, including any entity that controls, is con-trolled by, or is under common control with such facility. ‘‘(5) F
ERTILIZATION .—The term ‘fertiliza-tion’ means the fusion of human spermatozoon with a human ovum. ‘‘(6) M
EDICAL TREATMENT .—The term ‘med-ical treatment’ means treatment provided at a hospital licensed by the State or operated under authority of a Federal agency, at a medical clinic licensed by the State or oper-ated under authority of a Federal agency, or from a personal physician licensed by the State. ‘‘(7) M
INOR.—The term ‘minor’ means an individual who has not attained the age of 18 years. ‘‘(8) P
ERFORM .—The term ‘perform’, with respect to an abortion, includes inducing an abortion through a medical or chemical intervention including writing a prescription for a drug or device intended to result in an abortion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.021 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7715 October 3, 2017 
‘‘(9) P HYSICIAN .—The term ‘physician’ means a person licensed to practice medicine and surgery or osteopathic medicine and sur-gery, or otherwise legally authorized to per-form an abortion. ‘‘(10) P
OST-FERTILIZATION AGE .—The term ‘post-fertilization age’ means the age of the unborn child as calculated from the fusion of a human spermatozoon with a human ovum. ‘‘(11) P
ROBABLE POST -FERTILIZATION AGE OF  
THE UNBORN CHILD .—The term ‘probable post- fertilization age of the unborn child’ means what, in reasonable medical judgment, will with reasonable probability be the post-fer-tilization age of the unborn child at the time the abortion is planned to be performed or induced. ‘‘(12) R
EASONABLE MEDICAL JUDGMENT .—The term ‘reasonable medical judgment’ means a medical judgment that would be made by a reasonably prudent physician, knowledge-able about the case and the treatment possi-bilities with respect to the medical condi-tions involved. ‘‘(13) U
NBORN CHILD .—The term ‘unborn child’ means an individual organism of the species homo sapiens, beginning at fertiliza-tion, until the point of being born alive as defined in section 8(b) of title 1. ‘‘(14) W
OMAN .—The term ‘woman’ means a female human being whether or not she has reached the age of majority.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 74 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘1532. Pain-capable unborn child protec-tion.’’. (c) C
HAPTER HEADING AMENDMENTS .— (1) C
HAPTER HEADING IN CHAPTER .—The chapter heading for chapter 74 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Partial-Birth Abortions’’ and inserting ‘‘Abortions’’. (2) T
ABLE OF CHAPTERS FOR PART I .—The item relating to chapter 74 in the table of chapters at the beginning of part I of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Partial-Birth Abortions’’ and inserting ‘‘Abortions’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 548, the gen-tlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. H
ANDEL ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 36. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, also known as Micah’s Law. This bill prohibits most elective abortions at 20 weeks after fertilization and thereafter. That is the beginning of the fifth month of pregnancy. That is the point in a pregnancy when a sub-stantial body of medical evidence shows that a baby in the womb can feel pain. H.R. 36 is humane legislation for in-nocent babies and for mothers. It in-cludes exceptions for the life of the mother and exceptions in the case of rape and incest. Additionally, this bill imposes criminal liability only on the medical professional performing that abortion, not on the mother. Mr. Speaker, there is broad con-sensus within the medical community babies at 5 months in the womb are not only able to feel pain, they can hear music. They can even respond to human voices. America is one of only seven coun-tries in the world that still allows elec-tive late-term abortions, joining North Korea and China. Today, we understand so much more about a baby’s development during a pregnancy. Voluntarily terminating the life of an innocent baby when we know that baby can feel pain can no longer be acceptable, and a majority of Americans agree. Hearts and minds are changing. How many of us have marveled at the vivid sonogram images of a soon-to-be-born son, niece, or grandchild? How many of us have been amazed and so very grate-ful that babies born early, as early as 20 weeks, have a very real chance of survival? b1600 Mr. Speaker, this bill reflects today’s medical understanding about a baby’s ability to feel pain. Micah’s Law re-flects those changing hearts and minds of Americans. Micah’s Law reflects the higher aspirations of this Nation, a truly moral nation, to foster a culture of life. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 36. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin my re-marks today by extending my condo-lences to the family and friends of the 59 individuals killed in the shooting in Las Vegas, and I express my best hopes for the recovery of the more than 500 persons who were injured. This Congress has a responsibility to find a way to prevent tragedies like this, as well as the daily incidents of gun violence in our communities, but instead of considering legislation to prevent gun violence, the House is spending today pushing a 20-week abor-tion ban that will disproportionately hurt women and families who face some of the most medically complex situations imaginable. So it is with great pleasure that I op-pose H.R. 36, because it is a dangerous and far-reaching attack on a woman’s constitutional right to choose whether or not to terminate a pregnancy. Roe v. Wade’s basic holding is that a woman has a constitutional right to have an abortion prior to the fetus’ vi-ability, which is generally considered by the experts to be around 24 weeks from fertilization. By banning previability abortions, H.R. 36 is a di-rect challenge to Roe. Another serious flaw, in my view, of H.R. 36 is that its narrow rape excep-tion completely misconstrues the dif-ficult challenges that survivors of sex-ual assault face and the very real rea-sons why a rape or incest may go unre-ported. So by requiring that a rape or incest survivor provide documentation to corroborate her statement that she was raped, the bill’s sponsors seem to be saying that maybe women cannot be trusted to tell the truth about sexual assault, and they certainly cannot be trusted to make their own private healthcare decisions. I urge my colleagues to oppose this dangerous and mean-spirited legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), my es-teemed colleague, the Judiciary Com-mittee chairman. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, since the Supreme Court’s decision in Roe v. Wade, medical knowledge re-garding the development of unborn ba-bies and their capacities at various stages of growth has advanced dramati-cally. To give you a sense of how much technology has advanced, the issue of The New York Times announcing the Roe v. Wade decision, in 1973, contained ads for the latest in technology, includ-ing a computer the size of a file cabinet that you could rent for $3,000 a month that only had a fraction, thousandths, of the memory of a modern cellphone, and a basic AM radio that was as big as your hand. At the time, there was nothing like the stunningly detailed images of un-born children that are so commonly celebrated on social media today. Close to 45 years later, in the age of ultrasound pictures, the same news-paper reported on the latest research on the pain experienced by unborn chil-dren, focusing on that of Dr. Sunny Anand, an Oxford-trained neonatal pe-diatrician who held an appointment at Harvard Medical School. As Dr. Anand has testified regarding abortions: ‘‘If the fetus is beyond 20 weeks of gestation, I would assume that there will be pain caused to the fetus. And I believe it will be severe and excruciating pain.’’ Congress has the power, and the re-sponsibility, to acknowledge these de-velopments in our understanding of the ability of unborn children to feel pain by prohibiting abortions after 20 weeks’ pregnancy postfertilization, the point at which scientific evidence shows the unborn can experience great suffering. The bill before us does just that, and, in doing so, it saves lives. In fact, the nonpartisan Congres-sional Budget Office is so confident that this bill would save lives that it took the rare step of estimating the number of lives that would be saved if this bill is enacted. The CBO conserv-atively estimates that this bill would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.021 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7716 October 3, 2017 
save over 2,000 lives each year, giving America the gift of thousands more children with all the wondrous human gifts they will bring to the world in so many amazing forms for generations to come. Madam Speaker, I would like to thank Judiciary Committee member T
RENT FRANKS for introducing this vital legislation. I urge my colleagues to support this bill both on behalf of unborn children and on behalf of the voters you represent, who overwhelm-ingly support this legislation. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Madam Speaker, I appreciate the time to speak on this important sub-ject. While it is important, it is also embarrassing somewhat to us, because I listen to the other side, and the first thing that the chairman does over here is he shows a New York Times ad. And because of The New York Times ad at the time of Roe v. Wade, he suggests that we should turn over Roe v. Wade because it is antiquated. Well, in 1791, the Second Amendment was adopted, and we had pistols, and we had guns that you could shoot one bullet at a time; and yesterday, we had a man in Las Vegas with guns who could shoot ‘‘da da da da da da da da da’’ and kill 59 people and wound 500. If you get me an ad from 1791, those weapons were not in that ad, but do they talk about changing the Second Amendment, do they talk about pro-tecting Americans from that type of vi-olence? No. They come here and talk about protecting the unborn, forget-ting about the rights of women guaran-teed them by Roe v. Wade, the law of the land, which is the law of the land that says viability comes at 24 weeks. They talk about what they say are medical experts and a substantial body of medical evidence. What they don’t tell you is the American College of Ob-stetricians and Gynecologists are against this bill, and there is no med-ical group or medical society in this country that is for this bill, but they know more about medicine and about pain for the unborn than do the doctors and the scientists. They bring this to us, an unconstitu-tional bill, an unconstitutional bill that the CBO estimates will cost us from $65 million to $335 million over 10 years. Their concern about the budget goes out the window. The truth of the matter is this goes back to the Rules Committee debate on this bill. We were told: It is popular; the polls show people want this. This is a political bill that has had no hearing in the Judiciary Com-mittee, had no markup in the Judici-ary Committee. That is called regular order, something we were promised by the Speaker, a new day in Congress. We were going to have opportunities for both sides to debate, the kind of things J
OHN MCCAIN, a great American hero, sees as wrong in the Senate, which is just as wrong in the House: two sides coming together to debate, to vote, to amend, to discuss. No. It comes straight to the floor because it is politically popular, more politi-cally popular this week than having a bill to allow for silencers for weapons, which was going to be the bill du jour for this week, but it was pulled. Instead, we got this unconstitutional law that flies in the face of Roe v. Wade, takes rights away from women and treats them without exceptions that are necessary to make a law prop-er concerning rape and incest. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. WAGNER ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. The bottom line is, this bill is uncon-stitutional, an attack on women’s rights, an attack on the Constitution, and we should be looking at changes in our laws about guns and violence, at least mental health, something to re-spond to what happened in Las Vegas, instead of another moment of silence. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ), my colleague and the lead sponsor of Micah’s Law. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Madam Speaker, for the sake of all of those who founded this Nation and dreamed of what America could someday be, and for the sake of all of those since then who have died in darkness so that all of us as Americans could walk in the light of freedom in this moment, it is so very important that those of us who are privileged to be Members of this United States Congress pause from time to time and remind ourselves of why we are really all here. Thomas Jefferson, whose words marked the beginning of this Nation, said: ‘‘The care of human life and hap-piness, and not their destruction, is the first and only object of good govern-ment.’’ The phrase in the Fifth Amendment encapsulates our entire Constitution. It says, no person shall ‘‘be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law.’’ The 14th Amendment says, no State shall ‘‘deny to any person within its ju-risdiction the equal protection of the laws.’’ Madam Speaker, protecting the lives of all innocent Americans and their constitutional rights is why we are really all here, and yet today a great and tragic shadow looms over America. More than 18,000 very-late-term abor-tions are occurring in America every year, placing the mothers at exponen-tially greater risk and subjecting their little, pain-capable unborn babies to torture and death without anesthesia or Federal protection of any kind; this in the land of the free and the home of the brave. It is the greatest and most insidious human rights atrocity in the United States today. Almost every other major civilized nation on Earth protects pain-capable unborn babies at this age, and every credible poll of the American people shows that they are overwhelmingly in favor of protecting them, and yet we have given these little babies less legal protection from unnecessary cruelty than the protection we have given farm animals under the Federal Humane Slaughter Act. Madam Speaker, it seems like we are never quite so eloquent as when we decry the crimes of a past generation. And how is it that sometimes we are so staggeringly blind when it comes to facing and rejecting the worst atroc-ities in our own time? Today, Madam Speaker, I am espe-cially thankful, because the winds of change are now beginning to blow and the tide of blindness and blood is fi-nally turning in America. There is a new leader who lives in the White House, and he is deeply com-mitted to protecting the least of these, our little brothers and sisters. Madam Speaker, today we are poised to pass the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act in this Chamber. No matter how it is shouted down or what distortions or deceptive what-ifs, dis-tractions, divisions, gotchas, twisting of words, twisting of subject, or blatant falsehoods the abortion industry hurls at this bill and its supporters, this bill is a deeply sincere effort, beginning at their sixth month of pregnancy, to pro-tect both mothers and their pain-capa-ble unborn babies from the atrocity of late-term abortion on demand, and ul-timately it is a bill all humane Ameri-cans will support if they truly under-stand it for themselves. b1615 Madam Speaker, this will be a vote that all of us remember for the rest of our lives. It will be a time now for the U.S. Senate to find the courage and hu-manity to take a stand for these, the most helpless of all human victims. The Senate’s action will be considered in the annals of history and, I believe, in the counsels of eternity itself. Madam Speaker, passing this bill really shouldn’t be so hard because, in spite of all the political noise, pro-tecting little pain-capable, unborn children and their mothers is not a Re-publican issue and it is not a Demo-cratic issue. It is a test of our basic hu-manity and who we are as a human family. It is time for the Members of the U.S. House and the U.S. Senate to open our eyes and our souls and remember that protecting those who cannot protect themselves is why we are really all here. It is time for us, all of us as Americans, Madam Speaker, to open our eyes and our hearts to the human-ity of these little pain-capable children of God and the inhumanity of what is being done to them. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.073 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7717 October 3, 2017 
from Colorado (Ms. D EGETTE ), the co- chair of the Pro-Choice Caucus. Ms. D
EGETTE. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman and also Ms. J
AYAPAL for allowing me to speak today. Madam Speaker, I rise for my former district director Chris and his wife, Bridget. This is their story. Bridget was pregnant with their very much-wanted second child. After the 20th week, they were stunned to learn that the brain stem of the fetus was not attached, and if the baby even sur-vived, then the newborn would likely die within hours. Doctors told the fam-ily, if they wanted more children, it would be a good idea to end the preg-nancy. After consulting with their minister, they decided to do so. The happy ending is that a year or so later another child was born, and she is happy and healthy today. As co-chair of the Pro-Choice Caucus, I know that difficult circumstances al-ways surround these highly personal decisions, and I don’t think that the U.S. Congress is the body that should impose its opinion. Just imagine the horrible choices families would have to make if H.R. 36 became law. Ninety-nine percent of abortions are conducted before the 20- week mark. Virtually all the rest are just like this situation. Madam Speaker, I urge the body to reject this bill and to move on to im-portant issues that are facing this country. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN), the Speaker of the House. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I thank her for her lead-ership. I would also say to the last speaker, this affects that 1 percent that she was referring to. Madam Speaker, life is precious. We are reminded of this in ways wonderful; we are reminded of this in ways dif-ficult. Today, I rise in support of life. I rise in support of Micah’s Law. I rise in recognition that advancements in tech-nology today both reveal more about the stages of life as well as show us the promise for preserving it. As unpleasant as it may be, tech-nology reveals something to us about suffering. It now shows us that the un-born can feel pain inside the womb. The science is in and the science is real. At 20 weeks old, ultrasound im-ages reveal that unborn babies respond to unwanted stimuli—to pain—the same exact way adults do: they recoil; they contract. In cases of abortion, these unborn ba-bies are feeling pain. They suffer. That is really hard to hear, and it is really hard to say. But now that we are seeing scientific evidence and proof that these babies are in pain, the question is: What do we do about it? We can’t claim ignorance. Their pain is no longer invisible to us, and we can-not say, as a society, with a good and upright conscience, that we can just continue to ignore it. The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-tection Act, sponsored by our colleague TRENT FRANKS , protects these babies by restricting abortion to 20 weeks after fertilization occurs, the point at which science has proven a baby can feel pain. It is easy to turn a blind eye to the pain of others. For a moment, you think that if we just ignore it, it will go away and it doesn’t exist. But our hearts and our minds are always going to remind us. We cannot stop the pain of the world by turning away from it. We must not turn away from the pain of the most vulnerable among us, the ones who have nowhere to run to. Madam Speaker, our humanity shines brightest when we stand up for those who are suffering, when we pro-tect people from pain. I simply ask my colleagues, I implore my fellow Ameri-cans, let’s be moved by this suffering. Let’s also be inspired by life. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Ms. JAYAPAL. Madam Speaker, I rise to strongly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on H.R. 36, and I rise today for Gina. Gina, who lives in Seattle, found out at her 20-week ultrasound that the baby had multiple fetal anomalies, both cardiac and brain, that were fatal. The baby would either die before birth or within the first few days or weeks of life. Gina decided to end the pregnancy, her constitutional right to make deci-sions about her own body. If Gina were in a different State with restrictive laws, she would not have been able to get the evidence-based and compas-sionate care that she deserved. This important, very personal decision was made between Gina and her doctor. The Supreme Court has made it clear that it is her right, and yet our Repub-lican colleagues continue to try to take that right away from Gina and other women in her position. This bill not only takes healthcare decisions out of the hands of patients, but, Madam Speaker, it could penalize doctors with up to 5 years in prison for performing these abortions. This is un-conscionable. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. JAYAPAL. Madam Speaker, Gina and all women deserve to have ac-cess to care that is comprehensive and compassionate. Madam Speaker, on their behalf, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. We must stop these bans and support women like Gina to continue to have their con-stitutional rights and to make deci-sions about their own bodies. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), chair-woman of the Education and the Work-force Committee. Ms. FOXX. Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from Georgia for her leadership on this issue. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. The United States currently stands alongside North Korea, China, and Vietnam as one of only seven countries that allow elective abortion to occur after 20 weeks postfertilization. At this point in their life, unborn ba-bies have a well-developed brain and nervous system as well as pain recep-tors. This fetal development is ob-served by surgeons who routinely see these unborn children react to pain. In fact, doctors administer anesthesia to these children in the womb during fetal surgeries. I am proud to support this bill, also known as Micah’s Law, because we must care for these unborn children, not cruelly inflict pain and deny them their inherent dignity by treating them as objects. One day, I hope that a cultural life will take hold in the United States and that all children will be protected under the law. However, until that day comes, it remains my solemn duty to stand up for life. Regardless of the length of this journey, I will continue to speak for those who cannot. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to vote to protect the Nation’s most vulnerable children and ensure they are not subject to unimaginable pain and to affirm life by voting in favor of this bill. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), a senior member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. DEUTCH. Madam Speaker, today I rise for Phil and his wife, to tell their story. Phil and his wife tried to get preg-nant for several years. After fertility treatment, they were thrilled when his wife finally became pregnant with identical twins. Sadly, their twins were diagnosed with twin-twin transfusion syndrome, a deadly complication. At week 21, Phil and his wife learned the devastating and frightening news that not only would both twins die, but that without an abortion, his wife was at serious risk of suffering a ruptured uterus. Their options were limited. Their doctor could not perform an abortion because he was affiliated with a Catho-lic hospital, and Phil’s wife was unable to fly due to her high-risk pregnancy. Instead, they drove from their home in Missouri to Kansas to terminate the pregnancy by induced labor and deliv-ery. Phil and his wife were devastated. After the twins’ deaths, Phil partici-pated in a baptism and grieved their loss. Phil wants lawmakers to know: ‘‘De-cisions about abortion need to be made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.075 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7718 October 3, 2017 
with the families and with the best medical information available.’’ As he rightly puts it: ‘‘There is no one-size- fits-all situation for all pregnancies.’’ Placing government limitations on the constitutionally protected healthcare options of American women and their families will only add heartache and tragedy to these most difficult and painful decisions. Madam Speaker, on behalf of Phil and his family, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS ROD-
GERS .) Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Georgia for her leadership on this legislation, and I rise to support life. Madam Speaker, this is about the values that define us as Americans. We see the potential in every life, and that includes the unborn. The Micah Act is life-affirming legislation that shows compassion for the baby and the mom. Ten years ago, I received tough news that our son had Down syndrome, an extra 21st chromosome. The doctors told us it would be a long road ahead. Today, I see more clearly. Too often others try to define a baby’s future be-fore they are even born. Part of being an American is not letting others de-fine us. I look at our son, Cole, and I see a healthy 10-year-old working his way through fifth grade. His life is different than we imagined—in a good way. He lights up a room. People are drawn to him. He plays sports and is in Cub Scouts. He is living a full life with huge potential. Madam Speaker, I am proud to sup-port this legislation that reflects our values and protects the sanctity of life, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ), a senior member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlemen for yielding the time to me. Madam Speaker, more than 40 years ago, the Supreme Court held that women have the constitutional right to terminate a pregnancy prior to viabil-ity or at any time to protect the life and health of the mother. This bill is flatly unconstitutional on both counts. The Supreme Court has blocked every other 20-week ban because 20 weeks is well before the point of viabil-ity. Further, the bill includes no excep-tion for the health of the mother, only waiving the ban if a woman’s life is at imminent risk, in clear violation of a woman’s constitutional rights. Shamefully, the bill places new and cruel restrictions even on women ac-cessing abortion after rape or incest. Once again, the Republicans are pro-claiming the falsehood that 20-week- old fetuses can feel pain, contrary to the conclusions of every reputable re-searcher in the field. What about women like Danielle from New York, who found out in the 29th week of her pregnancy that her baby’s brain was dangerously deformed and that, if she and the baby were to survive the pregnancy, the baby would only live a short, extremely painful life. Danielle and her husband had two young children and faced a heart-breaking decision: Should they put Danielle and their family through the pain and suffering of a dangerous preg-nancy and birth and allow their baby to suffer and die in pain, or should she terminate the pregnancy and mourn their baby as a family? The Constitution guarantees Danielle the right to make that choice with her family and her doctors. It does not grant that right to the politicians sit-ting in this room. b1630 I will close with Danielle’s words: ‘‘What my husband and I experienced was just so horrible. Unless people have walked in my shoes, they don’t under-stand. I did what was right for my son and my family, and it’s no one else’s business.’’ On behalf of Danielle, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this horrible bill. We must stop the bans. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman and physician from Tennessee (Mr. ROE). Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, as a proud cosponsor, I rise today in support of H.R. 36, the Pain- Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. Before coming to Congress, I worked as an OB/GYN physician for over 30 years, where I had the tremendous privilege to see life at all stages of de-velopment. Today’s technology, like 3– D and 4–D ultrasound, has given us a window into that miracle that shows the unborn child is a living, feeling human being. Due to medical achievements, pre-mature babies are surviving and thriv-ing after being born earlier and earlier, including babies born at or before 20 weeks, the 20-week cutoff by this bill. I can give you case after case. I have watched these children grow up in my hometown. As a physician who has delivered al-most 5,000 babies, it is unconscionable to me that our government allows in-nocent lives capable of feeling pain and enjoying life to be terminated. It is our responsibility as legislators to stand up and protect these lives who do not have a voice. This bill is an important step toward that goal, and I vote for life. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the distin-guished gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE). Ms. D
ELBENE. Madam Speaker, today I rise for Stephanie from my dis-trict. This is her story. Stephanie and her husband were building their family. They had one beautiful daughter when she got preg-nant for the second time, a planned and wanted pregnancy. But at 19 weeks, Stephanie got heart-breaking news. Her fetus had a dev-astating fatal birth detect. Based on her age, medical history, and test re-sults, she was strongly advised to ter-minate the pregnancy. Stephanie ultimately decided not to carry the pregnancy to term. She told me, through tears, that her daughter needed her mother, and it wasn’t worth the risk. It is a profoundly difficult sit-uation for any family, but it was their decision. H.R. 36 punishes women like Steph-anie. It takes personal medical deci-sions out of families’ hands and lets politicians decide. It also places a cruel burden on survivors of sexual assault and child abuse. It is unacceptable. On behalf of Stephanie, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ We must stop the bans. Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING). Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to address the House of Rep-resentatives on this issue, as I seek to do on each pro-life issue that we have come before this Congress. This is a powerful piece of legislation that has had a lot of hands on it to produce good work; and the difference in this debate that you hear here, Mr. Speaker, is anecdotes on this side, looking for exceptions that might sway, somehow, the people on the side that understand the rule is this: life be-gins at the moment of conception. Human life is sacred in all of its forms, and these little babies that are 20-weeks mature can and have and do survive outside the womb, and they can feel pain inside the womb. And doctors that are doing surgery on pregnant mothers give anesthetic to those chil-dren because they don’t want them flinching in the womb and suffering while they do the surgery. How can we support a ghastly proce-dure of abortion on demand to end the life of the miracles that we need to put this country in the right condition? Sixty-five percent of the babies 22 to 26 weeks old survive that are born pre-mature. As I said, we know they feel pain. So I applaud everyone who has done the work on this. I stand solidly with the entire pro-life movement we have in this country. We have a long ways to go to get to where we need to be, but this is a step in the right direction. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the distin-guished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. M
CEACHIN ). Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to share Denise’s story. Already a mother of two young children, Denise was expecting her third child. Until her 20-week scan, all her tests had come back perfectly. Her entire family was eagerly awaiting a baby boy. The scan revealed that her son’s brain had several severe deformities. He was also showing signs of other complications. It was the most painful and devastating day of Denise’s life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.076 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7719 October 3, 2017 
She spoke to numerous doctors and specialists. She spoke to her family and sought the guidance of counselors and professionals. Ultimately, she and her husband de-cided to end the pregnancy. But finding a provider and arranging for the proce-dure was very difficult. There was not a single doctor in Virginia she could go to. Denise, as a grieving mother in the middle of an absolutely emotional cri-sis, found herself desperately calling doctors and hospitals all over the coun-try to access the medical care she needed. Thanks to a family friend, she was ultimately able to find a provider in a major city within driving distance. H.R. 36 would have denied her that chance. On behalf of Denise and others like her, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. We must stop the bans. Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Mis-souri (Mrs. W
AGNER ). Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise because our family will welcome its first grandchild in the coming months. This is her 17-week ultrasound, and I cannot wait to meet her. This child is already known by her mother, Julia, quoting Psalm 139: ‘‘For You created my inmost being; You knit me together in my mother’s womb.’’ Mr. Speaker, this child is a gift from God, a gift that we have far too often abandoned in this country. Today, we know so much more. We know that, after 3 weeks, my grand-daughter had a heartbeat. After 7 weeks, she began kicking her mother, like any good Wagner child would. By week 12, she could suck her thumb, and at week 20, my granddaughter knew the sound of her mother’s voice and could feel pain. Mr. Speaker, I stand for life, from conception to natural death. I stand for H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. And on behalf of my granddaughter, I will continue to fight for the day when abortion is not only illegal, but it is unthinkable. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ). Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise for Dr. Danielle. Here’s her story. Dr. Danielle recently had three pa-tients drive from North Carolina to Washington, D.C., to access abortion care. One patient from Winston was di-agnosed with Edwards’ syndrome just before 20 weeks. Edwards’ syndrome has no treatment, and it is usually fatal before birth or within the first year of life. Given the 72-hour waiting period in North Carolina, the patient would have passed State limits for when she could access abortion. She had to drive more than 6 hours to the Washington, D.C., area for her care. North Carolina already has an awful 20-week ban. We don’t need this ban na-tionwide. On behalf of Dr. Danielle and the women she helped, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. Stop the bans. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ). Mr. M
CCARTHY. Madam Speaker, last week I had the pleasure of meeting a young boy named Micah Pickering. He was cute and shy and, you know, as young boys often are, he would give me a high five, play around and run to where everybody had to catch him. Now, he gave me this bracelet. You see, it says: ‘‘Miracles for Micah.’’ And you know what? He is a miracle. He is strong. He was born prematurely at only 20 weeks. He spent the first 128 days of his life in a neonatal intensive care unit. Though he could fit in the palm of your hand, his parents couldn’t hold him at first. His skin was so sensitive, the slightest touch would cause little Micah intensive pain. It didn’t matter where he was. If he was in that inten-sive care unit, or if he was still waiting for that expected date to be born, he could feel, and he wanted to live. The fact is that children at 20 weeks feel pain. Science increasingly shows it. The European Journal of Anesthesi-ology describes how it is critical to ad-minister anesthesia during fetal sur-gery procedures. You know, a standard text on human development, Patten’s Foundations of Embryology, shows how the basics of the nervous system are formed by week 4. Dr. Ronald Brusseau, of Boston’s Children’s Hospital, wrote that by week 18, children have developed sen-sory receptors for pain. Two independent studies in 2006 used brain scans and showed unborn chil-dren respond to pain. These children have noses, eyes, and ears. You can hear their heartbeats and feel them move. They are human. The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-tection Act—I like to call it Micah’s Law—is called what it is because chil-dren like Micah feel pain. Those chil-dren are strong, just like Micah is strong, and those children should be protected. Now, I have to admit, Madam Speak-er, across the aisle I do hear some beautiful speeches filled with compas-sion for the voiceless, the defenseless, and the marginalized. They are trying to speak for those who can’t speak for themselves. But what about Micah? What about the thousands of others like him, the same age he was born? What about the millions who were never given a chance? Look into Micah’s face—I think we all should—and tell me he isn’t human. Look at him when he was born and tell me that child doesn’t have a right to live. We should care for the voiceless, for those whose cries of pain are never heard. We should care for the defense-less, for those who will only be saved if we act to protect them. We should care for the marginalized, for those who have their very human-ity denied, even as their noses, eyes, ears, and heartbeats, every movement are visible testaments of their lives. These children need love. Their mothers need love. Let’s end the pain. These children are suffering, so let’s end the pain. These children want to live, so let’s end their pain. Micah is a beautiful kid, and there are millions of Micahs who will never smile; Micahs who will never walk; Micahs who will never scrape their knees and get into trouble; Micahs who will never learn to read; Micahs who will never fall in love and have chil-dren of their own; Micahs who will never have the chance to tell their mother and father: ‘‘I love you.’’ We will never know those Micahs. Our lives are poorer because their lives were cut short. But there are more. In-stead of pain—instead of pain—we should fill them with love. b1645 Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Madam Speaker, I rise for Tori. This is her story: Tori and her husband planned her pregnancy carefully to make sure that her maternity leave worked with her graduate studies, and they were thrilled that the plan right for their family came together and they were pregnant. At 20 weeks, during a routine ultrasound, they were devastated to learn that the fetus carried a rare dis-order that resulted either in the death of the infant shortly after delivery, or a very shortened lifespan wrought with profound disability. Their situation was now out of control. It is one deci-sion that no parent ever wants to have to make. Their decision was agonizing: end the pregnancy after 20 weeks or watch their child die or suffer. Madam Speaker, on behalf of Tori, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. We must stop the bans. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, a former abortionist, Dr. Levatino testified before Congress and described how he and other abortion-ists actually kill helpless babies. He killed 1,200 of them. He said: ‘‘Imagine, if you can, that you are a pro-choice OB–GYN like I was. Using a Sopher 13- inch clamp with rows of ridges or teeth, grasp anything you can inside the womb. Once you grasp something inside, squeeze on the clamp, set the jaws and pull hard—really hard. You feel something let go, and out pops a fully formed leg about 6 inches long. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.078 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7720 October 3, 2017 
Reach in again and grasp anything you can, and out pops an arm. Reach in again, and again, and again with the clamp, and tear out the spine, the in-testines, the heart and lungs.’’ Even if pain wasn’t present, Madam Speaker, dismembering a child is vio-lence against children, and it is inhu-mane. But these babies actually suffer excruciating pain during the abortion. Dr. Colleen Malloy from North-western University has said: ‘‘In to-day’s medical arena, we resuscitate pa-tients at 20 weeks and are able to wit-ness their ex-utero growth. I could never imagine subjecting my tiny pa-tients to horrific procedures such as those that involve limb detachment.’’ Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 36. Overwhelming majorities of Americans— some 60–64% according to pollsters—support legal protection for pain-capable unborn chil-dren. Today we know that unborn babies not only die but suffer excruciating pain during dis-memberment abortion—a cruelty that rips arms and legs off a helpless child. A former abortionist, Dr. Anthony Levatino, testified before Congress that he had per-formed 1,200 abortions—over 100 late-term abortions up to 24 weeks. Dr. Levatino described what the abortionist actually does to the helpless child. ‘‘Imagine if you can that you are a pro-choice obstetrician/ gynecologist like I was.’’ Using a Sopher 13’’ clamp with rows of ridges or teeth, ‘‘grasp anything you can’’ inside the womb. ‘‘Once you’ve grasped something inside, squeeze on the clamp to set the jaws and pull hard—really hard. You feel something let go and out pops a fully formed leg about six inches long. Reach in again and grasp anything you can . . . and out pops an arm.’’ He noted that ‘‘a second trimester D&E abortion is a blind pro-cedure.’’ He said, ‘‘Reach in again and again with that clamp and tear out the spine, intes-tines, heart and lungs.’’ Madam Speaker, even U.S. Supreme Court Justice Kennedy gets it. In his dissent to the U.S. Supreme Court’s 2000 Stenberg v Carhart decision, Justice Kennedy observed that in D&E dismemberment abortions, ‘‘The fetus, in many cases, dies just as a human adult or child would: It bleeds to death as it is torn limb from limb. The fetus can be alive at the beginning of the dismemberment process and can survive for a time while its limbs are being torn off.’’ Justice Kennedy added in the Court’s 2007 opinion in Gonzales v. Carhart that D&E abortions are ‘‘laden with the power to devalue human life . . .’’ Even if pain wasn’t present, dismembering a child is violence against children and inhu-mane. But these babies actually suffer. Dr. Robert White, professor of neurosurgery at Case Western Reserve University said an unborn child at 20 weeks gestation ‘‘is fully ca-pable of experiencing pain . . . without ques-tion, (abortion) is a dreadfully painful experi-ence . . .’’ In an expert report prepared for the U.S. Justice Department, Dr. Kanwaljeet S. Anand, a pediatrician specializing in the care of criti-cally ill newborns and children who has con-ducted intensive research of pain and stress in the human newborn and fetus said: ‘‘. . .the human fetus possesses the ability to experi-ence pain from 20 weeks gestation, if not ear-lier, and the pain perceived by the fetus is possibly more intense than that perceived by term newborns or older children . . .’’ Why? Dr. Anand points out that ‘‘the highest density of pain receptors per square inch of skin in human development occurs in utero from 20 to 30 weeks gestation . . . Thus, a fetus at 20 to 32 weeks of gestation would experience a much more intense pain than older infants or children or adults.’’ Dr. Colleen Malloy, assistant professor, Divi-sion of Neonatology at the Northwestern Uni-versity, in her testimony before the House Ju-diciary Committee said: ‘‘When we speak of infants at 20 weeks post-fertilization we no longer have to rely on inferences or ultrasound imagery, because such premature patients are kicking, moving and reacting and developing right before our eyes in the neonatal intensive care unit.’’ Dr. Malloy went on to say, ‘‘in today’s med-ical arena, we resuscitate patients at this age and are able to witness their ex-utero growth.’’ She says ‘‘I could never imagine subjecting my tiny patients to horrific procedures such as those that involve limb detachment or cardiac injection’’ In an undercover video released by David Daleidan, a Planned Parenthood Medical Di-rector explains that before beginning a late abortion she completes a clinical documenta-tion form that says ‘‘I intend to utilize dis-memberment techniques for this procedure.’’ Notice the words—‘‘dismemberment tech-niques’’—in order to ‘‘extract the fetus in mul-tiple parts.’’ But seriously, we’ve known much of this for years. In 2006 I authored the Unborn Child Pain Awareness Act that garnered 250 votes in favor—including 40 Democrats—to 162 against. I remember thinking on the day of the vote: ‘‘how can anyone vote to refuse to make child pain information part of informed con-sent?’’ Congressman T
RENT FRANKS has authored four extraordinarily important bills over the years to actually protect pain-capable babies in federal law from the violence of abortion in-cluding Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Acts that passed the House of Representa-tives in 2013 and again in 2015. Tragically, President Obama vowed to veto this child pro-tection legislation and the Senate failed to even pass it. However, should the House pass H.R. 36 today and if the Senate passes it as well, President Trump has said he would sign it. Not only will babies be protected by federal law at five months and the pain suffered by these babies averted, but H.R. 36 requires that a late abortion permitted under limited cir-cumstances provide the ‘‘best opportunity for the unborn child to survive’’ and that ‘‘a sec-ond physician trained in neonatal resuscita-tion’’ be ‘‘present and prepared to provide care to a child’’ to the same degree as the Born- Alive Infants Protection Act of 2002. Thus, ‘‘any health care practitioner present at the time shall humanely exercise the same degree of professional skill, care, and dili-gence to preserve the life and health of the child as a reasonably diligent and conscien-tious health care practitioner would render to a child born alive at the same gestational age in the course of a natural birth.’’ Moreover, ‘‘following the care required to be rendered . . . the child born alive shall be im-mediately transported and admitted to the hos-pital.’’ Sixteen states have enacted pain-capable unborn child laws that closely parallel the bill before us today. These include Ohio, Texas, Nebraska, Idaho, Oklahoma, Alabama, Geor-gia, Louisiana, Arkansas, North Dakota, South Dakota, West Virginia, Wisconsin, South Caro-lina, Kentucky and Kansas. Madam Speaker, I respectfully ask that my colleagues respect unborn children as our na-tion’s littlest patients who like any other patient may need diagnosis and benign interventions to treat disability or disease. And preemies are surviving earlier and healthier as technology and medical science advance. Micah Pickering is a healthy 5 year old today. He was born prematurely at 20 weeks and was the size of this M&M candy bag. Micah is the face of the pro-life move-ment. That is why the bill before us today is ‘‘Micah’s Law.’’ A recent study of nearly 5,000 babies pub-lished in the New England Journal of Medicine confirmed that nearly a quarter of the pre-mature babies born at 22 weeks survived. (Let me note that the 22 weeks gestational age re-ferred to in the study is equivalent to 20 weeks fetal age using the age dating system employed by H.R. 36). Researchers at Children’s Hospital of Phila-delphia (CHOP) are developing a technology that they hope—in a decade—will be the new standard of care for extremely premature in-fants. Building a bridge between the mother’s womb and the outside world, the artificial wombs provide a soft, sterile, fluid filled envi-ronment for the child to continue to grow. The babies we seek to protect from harm today may survive if treated humanely, with expertise and compassion—not the cruelty of the abortion. Four years ago, Pennsylvania abortion doc-tor Kermit Gosnell was convicted of murder, conspiracy to kill and involuntary manslaughter and sentenced to life imprisonment. Even though the news of Gosnell’s child slaughter was largely suppressed by the main-stream media, many of my colleagues may re-member that Dr. Gosnell operated a large Philadelphia abortion clinic where women died and countless babies were dismembered or chemically destroyed often by having their spi-nal cords snipped——all gruesome proce-dures causing excruciating pain to the victim. The Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, Micah’s Law, is needed now more than ever because there are Gosnells all over America, dismembering and decapitating pain- capable babies for profit. The bill protects kids from preventable pain—and death. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ). Ms. SPEIER. Madam Speaker, it is always hard for me to understand why our colleagues on the other side of the aisle embrace junk science, whether it is around global warming, where 99 per-cent of the scientists say, yes, it is happening, or in this case. We have the Royal College of Obste-tricians and Gynaecologists from 2010 indicating that ‘‘connections from the periphery to the cortex is not intact until 24 weeks. The cortex is necessary for pain perception.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.080 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7721 October 3, 2017 
In 2012, ACOG, in the Journal of American Medical Association em-braced that statement. So the vast ma-jority of physicians and scientists say there is not pain perception at 20 weeks. But let me talk about Dr. Jenn and Sammi. Sammi was 17, terrified, and pregnant when she went to a ‘‘clinic’’ that ended up being a crisis pregnancy center. The center gave Sammi a free, private ultrasound, which was actually broadcast throughout the clinic for all to see—a violation, I might say, of HIPAA. When Sammi said she wanted to end the pregnancy, the center called her almost daily saying she would die, get sick, and go to hell. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. W
AGNER ). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman. Ms. SPEIER. The center also lied about her due date, telling Sammi it was too late for an abortion. Finally, Sammi called her mom, who flew her to California to see Dr. Jenn. On behalf of Dr. Jenn and Sammi, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ). Mr. FORTENBERRY. Madam Speak-er, Maddie Brinckerhoff was an early feminist author and lecturer from the Midwest, where I live, and she had this to say about abortion: ‘‘It is evidence that either by education or cir-cumstances that she’’—the woman— ‘‘has been greatly wronged.’’ In this spirit, Madam Speaker, I think there is an opportunity here to perhaps bring Congress together around a humane proposition that re-quires thoughtful but necessary reflec-tion on the deepest meanings of pain. We all know pain. But pain teaches us profound lessons about suffering, sacrifice, patience, and the redemptive healing possibilities of encountering one another in our vulnerability as hu-mans living in the interdependency of community. Pain is something from which we naturally recoil, but it also enables us to build compassion toward those who are weak, or dependent, or alone. Madam Speaker, in letting our nat-ural impulse to respond to another who is in pain, we can grasp what it means to be truly ourselves, to be truly human, and to care deeply about every-one, and to really internalize what is at issue here. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). Ms. LEE. Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 36, which is a na-tionwide 20-week abortion ban. I would like to share a story about Lindsey, a woman from California. Lindsey ended her pregnancy at 24 weeks, after a devastating diagnosis. When Lindsey had her 12-week ultrasound, everything looked com-pletely normal. But the picture was different at the 21-month anatomy scan. Lindsey and her husband learned that their baby girl had lethal skeletal dysplasia. Lindsey sought out addi-tional opinions from three maternal- fetal specialists. They all agreed that her lungs were not developing properly and she would not survive. Lindsey and her husband chose to end the preg-nancy at 24 weeks. Lindsey wants lawmakers to know: ‘‘If I had to carry her to term, she would not have survived. As her moth-er, it is my right to spare her suffering, and that is what I did.’’ The cruel ban on the floor today would only make these heart-wrench-ing situations worse for families like Lindsey’s. On behalf of Lindsey, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. Republicans should stop playing poli-tics with women’s lives and focus on the real problems facing this govern-ment and this country, and stop inter-fering in the private lives of women. We must stop this ban. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ). Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, it is difficult to imagine what could be more important than establishing who is protected under the law and who is not; who is given a chance of life and who is denied it. As technology continues to evolve, the more we can celebrate the ability we have to save a baby at just 20 weeks after conception is truly remarkable. I remember when I first became a nurse some 40 years ago. I vowed to devote myself to the welfare of those com-mitted to my care, whether they were born or unborn. I am still committed to that today. And 40 years later, the science tells us that after 20 weeks of pregnancy, unborn babies are able to feel pain inside the womb. The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-tection Act protects those who cannot protect themselves when handed a death sentence. Madam Speaker, there are currently seven countries in the world that allow elective late abortions, countries such as North Korea and China. Why in the world is the United States on a list of countries character-ized as human rights abusers? Our Nation can do better than that. I have seen how special care is given to reduce the pain of these precious premature babies at 20 weeks in the NICU. Unborn children in the womb at this stage should be protected, too, and we must pass the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act to give these un-born children a chance to see the light of day. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, how much time remains on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Michigan has 11
1⁄2minutes remaining and the gentlewoman from Georgia has 10
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ). Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Madam Speaker, today I rise for Emi-lia. This is her story: Eighteen years ago, Emilia was preg-nant with her second child. She was happily married, financially secure, and eager to welcome a new baby into her family. After Emilia’s baby was di-agnosed with Down syndrome, she was even more determined to raise her baby with love and compassion. Imagine her devastation when, after a 20-week ultrasound, the baby was di-agnosed with fetal hydrops and a bat-tery of tests revealed her baby would not survive to term. Emilia made a wrenching decision to terminate her pregnancy rather than have her baby suffer. Emilia’s hospital didn’t provide abor-tion services, so she went to Boston and had to pass through a wall of pick-eters that told her she was a murderer. In the waiting room, she realized every other patient had the same story: no one was carrying a healthy baby. Every woman there was experi-encing profound loss. Under a 20-week ban, none of these moms can make a decision for their families with their doctors. We would make that decision for them in Con-gress. On behalf of Emilia, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. We must stop the ban. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ). Mr. WALKER. Madam Speaker, I thank Representative H
ANDEL for yielding. As a former minister and as an Amer-ican, even as a human being, I believe that every boy and girl is conceived with God-given potential and unique talents and abilities—abilities they will use to serve others and make a dif-ference. Let me put it this way: I know a young man named Luke. Luke’s moth-er was in for a surprise when, at only 24 weeks into her pregnancy, her baby boy decided it was time to meet the world. To make a long story short, Luke worked through complications with his family, and he serves in our district office in North Carolina. Every life is an opportunity. Every life is precious. A little earlier we were challenged by the accusation that Republicans only are concerned about budget. It goes out the window when it comes to this issue. You know what? You are right. We don’t put a price on life. We cherish it. Madam Speaker, I am a proud co-sponsor of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Madam Speaker, today I rise for Donna. This is her story: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.081 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7722 October 3, 2017 
She said it was a miracle. At age 41, she was finally pregnant. Early blood tests and ultrasound showed a healthy fetus. Donna was filled with the joy of an expectant mother. Then tragedy struck. Her fetus stopped growing at 26 weeks. An ultrasound showed anencephaly, a fetus without a brain, a fetus that could not sustain life on its own. Madam Speaker, this 20-week abor-tion bill is cruel punishment for women like Donna, forcing them to face weeks of pregnant agony with no hope for the life that they so wanted. This is a bill that inflicts pain, not stops it, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). Mr. BABIN. Madam Speaker, as the father of 5 and the grandfather of 13, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protec-tion Act, also known as Micah’s Law, named after Micah Pickering. Micah was born prematurely at 22 weeks of age. In fact, the same age and exact stage of development that the current despicable policy permits for legal, on-demand abortion. After receiving intensive care in his infancy, Micah is now an active, healthy, and happy kindergartner. Micah is living proof that we need to pass H.R. 36. Congress needs to take this crucial step to ensure the protec-tion of thousands of innocent lives every year, innocent lives just like pre-cious Micah. The scientific evidence is over-whelming that, by at least 20 weeks of age, unborn babies can feel excru-ciating pain during typical abortion procedures. This is both cruel and in-humane. As Members of Congress, it is our duty and our moral obligation to pass this commonsense legislation. We must protect the most defense-less. Enough is enough. I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting this critical bill to protect the sanctity of every human life. God knows it is time. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, today I rise for Eva, an Oregon doctor who is one of the compassionate pro-viders women turn to when facing an unintended or dangerous pregnancy. Oregon has rejected restrictions on abortions, but because of bans or re-strictions in other States, Dr. Eva pro-vides healthcare services, including abortion, to women from around the country. b1700 One patient was a high school senior who could not get an abortion in her home State. She spent weeks saving every penny she could to buy a plane ticket and pay for the procedure. Instead of making women fly across the country, instead of debating this bill, and instead of cutting programs like the Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program, which my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have done, we should be focused on preventing unin-tended pregnancies, and we should be expanding access to comprehensive re-productive care, something the Oregon Legislature did when they passed the landmark Reproductive Health Equity Act. Madam Speaker, when abortion is banned, it does not go away. It drives women to unsafe back alleys and to dangerous self-induced abortions. We must stop efforts to stand between women and their healthcare providers. Please vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ). Mr. HULTGREN. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. Multiple scientific studies indicate that, by 20 weeks after fertilization, an unborn child’s brain and nervous sys-tem have developed sufficiently for that child to feel pain. The United States stands among only a handful of nations that permit elective abortions after 20 weeks. It should pain us all that we fall into the same camp as North Korea and China. The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-tection Act will moderate our extreme position and ensure we protect the most vulnerable, like Micah Pickering, a lively 5-year-old I met last week. Micah was born prematurely at the same age children would be protected under H.R. 36. Micah was able to sur-vive and thrive after spending nearly 4 months in the neonatal intensive care unit. He is now in kindergarten, and I found out when talking to him that we share a love of Legos. The bottom line is this: 20 weeks is halfway through a pregnancy. It is too late to end the life of an unborn baby. It violates what Americans want, it violates science, and it violates our country’s most enduring values. Madam Speaker, I urge passage of Micah’s Law, H.R. 36. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). Ms. MOORE. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for yielding. Madam Speaker, I rise for a second time today in strident opposition to H.R. 36. This bill is unconstitutional, and it is an overt attempt to challenge women’s constitutional right to a safe and legal abortion. It is really disturbing that funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program and community health cen-ters has expired, but yet this majority is focusing on doubling down on their crusade against women’s healthcare. Let’s talk about pain a little bit here. What is especially painful about this bill is that there is an exception in this bill for rape victims only when they report to law enforcement offi-cials, thus resurrecting the debunked legitimate rape argument. Many women can’t report rape for a variety of reasons, probably also in-cluding the sanctimonious social stig-ma that their Congressman or Con-gresswoman would place upon them. So this bill underhandedly revictimizes vulnerable rape survivors. Madam Speaker, I am a survivor of rape. That is painful. This bill is a cruel and ruthless attempt to under-mine women and attack our rights to govern our bodies, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote against this uncon-stitutional bill. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Georgia for yielding. Madam Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support the Pain-Ca-pable Unborn Child Protection Act. We have a responsibility to defend the most vulnerable in our Nation, and that is exactly what this legislation does: it protects unborn children from abortion at 5 months. It is truly disheartening that I have to beg many of my colleagues to sup-port a bill like this when it is scientif-ically proven that unborn babies feel pain after 5 months. Premature infants in the NICU are protected from pain. Children in the womb should be pro-tected from pain also. I will always fight for the right to life, and I believe we have a responsi-bility to defend all innocent lives. In fact, this is close to home. I have four children: one son and three daughters. I have had to see both my wife and each one of my daughters experience difficult pregnancies and make dif-ficult choices. I can’t imagine life without my four children and my 12 beautiful grandchildren. Every child should be given a chance at life. New life is created by God, and we must give a voice to these precious babies who cannot speak for them-selves. Our Nation can and must pro-tect the most vulnerable among us. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ). Mr. CARBAJAL. Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman C
ONYERS for yielding to me. Madam Speaker, today I rise for Katie in California and in support of women everywhere who have relied on access to safe abortion procedures in their lifetime. When Katie and her husband found out as newlyweds that Katie was preg-nant, they were overjoyed. Eighteen weeks later, they discovered that the fetus had multiple severe health prob-lems, including spina bifida and a teth-ered spinal cord. This news was heart-breaking, and Katie and her husband made the decision to end the pregnancy at 22 weeks. Katie wants lawmakers in Wash-ington to know that it is not their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.082 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7723 October 3, 2017 
right to make this decision for her or other women. She says that it is a hor-rific situation, and until you have been through it, you have no idea, and you can’t make that decision for someone else. On behalf of Katie, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 36. We must stop the bans. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ). Mr. ADERHOLT. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protec-tion Act. It is a long title for a bill; however, we are talking about protecting unborn children. As it has been obvious here today, it is always difficult to talk about this issue, but when we talk about pain-capable unborn children, we are referring to, in particular, children who are still in the womb at 20 weeks. As it has been pointed out by my col-leagues time and time again, scientists have proven that unborn children, even at 20 weeks old, are capable of feeling pain. The goal of this legislation is to protect these children by ensuring that they cannot be aborted. Today, if a physician performs an in utero surgery on a 20-week-old unborn child, the standard protocol for the child is to be treated as a patient, not just a blob of tissue. That child would be given an injection of pain medica-tion before the surgery, and this is above and beyond the anesthesia given to the mother before the surgery. These babies have demonstrated to medical experts that they respond to painful stimuli because they flinch and they recoil from sharp objects. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legisla-tion when it comes to the floor. Let’s do the right thing and protect unborn children. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), who is a senior member on the Judiciary Com-mittee. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. C
ONYERS and I can remember the same type of hearings and the same type of legislation many years ago, again denying women their constitu-tional rights. I can see as clear as I can see you, Madam Speaker, the women who were sitting and begging us not to undermine them, their doctor, and their faith. So I rise today to say to my friends on the other side of the aisle: You have got it wrong. There are no mass abor-tions. There is no call for mass abor-tions. The women that are undergoing these procedures are women who have prayed and who have looked to their faith, their doctor, and their family. So I oppose this bill because it puts the lives of women at risk, it interferes with women’s constitutionally guaran-teed right of privacy, and it diverts at-tention from the real problem facing American women. Let us reauthorize SCHIP. People are crying about that in my district. How outrageous. One of the most detestable aspects of this bill is that it would curb access to care for women in the most desperate of circumstances. It is these women who receive the 1.5 percent of abortions that occur after 20 weeks. What number did I say? 10? 20? 1.5, and this is not diminishing the aspects of this. But it is those women who have prayed. They have sought doctors’ help, and they, as well, have sought their family’s consultation. We are making a mockery of these women. These women are not standing on the street corner saying, ‘‘I want to have an abortion.’’ They have a serious situation, like April Salazar. At 18 weeks, she and her husband found out that their baby had a lethal diagnosis, and if she carried the preg-nancy to term and he was born alive, he would die shortly from suffocation. It is not pain of getting him out—he would die. April hoped the news wasn’t true, so she requested more tests to confirm the diagnosis. At 21 weeks she had an abortion. This bill would have stopped April. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Texas an additional 30 seconds. Ms. JACKSON LEE. This would have stopped April, her husband, her family, her God, and her doctor from making the decision. Even the exceptions are bogus be-cause you frighten these women. The idea of Jeni, in my home State, where they had a 2-day waiting period listen-ing to a mandatory script about abor-tion and a sign-off from two separate doctors. Once you start this, you are taking it away from women who have sought their faith leader, their doctor, and their family. This is a bad bill. We need to do some important things. I would hope with the carnage of Las Vegas, to save lives, we would ban assault weapons and we would not have that gentleman having 42 guns in his home and in his posses-sion. That is what we need to fight to save lives, not this bill that under-mines the rights of women and their faith and their doctor. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 36, the ‘‘Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act’’ and the underlying bill. I opposed this irresponsible and reckless legislation the last time it was brought to the floor. I oppose this bill because it is unnecessary, puts the lives of women at risk, interferes with women’s constitutionally guaranteed right of privacy, and diverts our attention from the real problems facing the American people. A more accurate short title for this bill would be the ‘‘Violating the Rights of Women Act of 2017.’’ Instead of resuming their annual War on Women, our colleagues across the aisle should be working with Democrats to help re-build the ravaged communities hit by hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, and Maria. Madam Speaker, we could and should in-stead be voting reauthorize the important SCHIP program that has helped families get on their feet for years. Instead of voting to abridge the constitu-tional rights of women for the umpteenth time, we should bring to the floor for a first vote comprehensive immigration reform legislation or legislations repairing the harm to the Voting Rights Act of 1965 by the Supreme Court’s decision in Shelby County v. Holder. The one thing we should not be doing is de-bating irresponsible ‘‘messaging bills’’ that abridge the rights of women and poses a na-tionwide threat to the health and wellbeing of American women and a direct challenge to the Supreme Court’s ruling in Roe v. Wade. Madam Speaker, one of the most detestable aspects of this bill is that it would curb access to care for women in the most desperate of circumstances. It is these women who receive the 1.5 per-cent of abortions that occur after 20 weeks. Women like Jeni from Texas, who, at 21 weeks, was told that her fetus had multiple se-vere defects. Jeni could end the pregnancy or wait for the fetus to miscarry or die. There was no way that the pregnancy would end in a live, healthy baby. Jeni and her husband chose to terminate the pregnancy, but because they live in Texas, they were forced to endure several cruel re-strictions: a two-day waiting period, listening to a mandatory script about abortion, and a sign- off from two separate doctors. Madam Speaker, every pregnancy is dif-ferent. No politician knows, or has the right to as-sume he knows, what is best for a woman and her family. These are decisions that properly must be left to women to make, in consultation with their partners, doctors, and their God. Madam Speaker, I also strongly oppose H.R. 36 because it lacks the necessary excep-tions to protect the health and life of the moth-er. In Roe v. Wade, the Court held that a state could not prohibit a woman from exercising her right to terminate a pregnancy in order to protect her health prior to viability. While many factors go into determining fetal viability, the consensus of the medical commu-nity is that viability is acknowledged as not oc-curring prior to 24 weeks gestation. By prohibiting nearly all abortions beginning at ‘‘the probable post-fertilization age’’ of 20 weeks, H.R. 36 violates this clear and long standing constitutional rule. Madam Speaker, the constitutionally pro-tected right to privacy encompasses the right of women to choose to terminate a pregnancy before viability, and even later where con-tinuing to term poses a threat to her health and safety. This right of privacy was hard won and must be preserved inviolate. I strongly oppose H.R. 36 and urge all Members to join me in voting against this un-wise measure that put the lives and health of women at risk. I would like to include in the R
ECORD stories from two women: 
April Salazar, New York: ‘‘It would have been too hard for me to carry to term, and it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.083 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7724 October 3, 2017 
seemed pointless to make the baby suffer too when she would never survive.’’ At 18 weeks, April and her husband found out that their baby had lethal skeletal dys-plasia. He would never be able to breathe on his own. If she carried the pregnancy to term and he was born alive, he would die shortly after of suffocation. April hoped the news wasn’t true, so she requested more tests to confirm the diagnosis, which took two weeks. At 21 weeks, she had an abortion. April shares her story because she has found that it can change opinions. Several people she knows personally who previously had been anti-abortion told her that they would have done the same thing she did. Julie Bindeman, Maryland: ‘‘Everything about a later termination is already so in-credibly difficult even just picking up the phone to make the appointment. The 20- week ban adds another hurdle. It’s just cruel.’’ Julie’s doctor told her and her husband that their son’s brain had a serious abnor-mality, a diagnosis that they confirmed with tests, more ultrasounds, and an MRI. If the baby survived birth, he would never speak, walk, or have conscious thoughts based upon what had developed in his brain. Julie and her husband decided to end the pregnancy, and the soonest they could get the appoint-ment was at 22 weeks. Julie could not find a surgeon in Maryland at that time willing to perform the procedure, so she had to be in-duced for labor and delivery. Her baby was born alive and died very shortly after. 
Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Speaker, for the past 25 years, I have had the privilege of delivering over 5,000 babies. I am absolutely convinced that babies can feel pain at 14 weeks. At 16 weeks, they can recognize their mom’s voice, their brother’s voice, and their sister’s voice. Once or twice a year, I have been in that delivery room and have been forced to deliver a very premature baby, a 22-week or a 24-week baby. We are doing everything we can to save the life of that baby, calling in pedia-tricians and anesthesia people, doing everything heroically possible. How can we live in a world where we are trying to save that baby’s life in one room, and just down the road there are people killing that baby, tearing it apart limb by limb and decapitating it? What type of a world do we live in these days? How can both of those situ-ations exist in this same country? We have to ban these late-term abor-tions. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ). Mr. MESSER. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. Our Nation has long recognized that we are all endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights, chief among them is the right to life. I am unapologetically pro-life because all human life has dignity and should be protected, especially the lives of de-fenseless unborn children. Today the House is taking a critical but seemingly uncontroversial step for-ward in protecting life by prohibiting abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy, or put another way, when unborn chil-dren can feel pain. Currently, the United States is one of only seven countries worldwide, includ-ing North Korea, that still allow late- term abortions. This bill would end these horrific procedures. I pray that one day our Nation will protect all unborn children, but this important bill is a big step forward to-wards that goal. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). b1715 Mr. ENGEL. Today, I rise for Dr. Erica of New York. This is her story. Dr. Erica’s patient was raped by an unknown assailant. The patient’s emo-tions surrounding the pregnancy were extremely complex. She desperately wanted to have a child but felt guilt, shame, and isolation after being raped. She ultimately decided to continue the pregnancy. She believed it would help her grieve and grasp onto some-thing positive after such a traumatic experience. But then the patient went in for a scan at 20 weeks and was devastated to learn that the fetus had multiple lethal anomalies. This patient had to face yet another agonizing decision. Ulti-mately, she decided to end the preg-nancy. Thankfully, Dr. Erica was able to help this patient through the most dif-ficult time in her life. I want to share her words: ‘‘As a physician, it is my job to guide the patient through the risks, benefits, and alternatives of all options available to her. It is not my job to place judgment on patients that only serve to punish women who are already suffering, and it certainly is not the job of the legislature to interfere with the patient-physician relationship.’’ On behalf of Dr. Erica and the women she helps, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ We must support every woman’s right to make reproduction choices for herself. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST). Mr. MAST. Madam Speaker, this leg-islation does stir a great number of emotions in me. I do know what it is to protect life, take life, and to see life lost, and our role should always be to protect the innocent. But I also know that our role as a so-ciety has been to subsidize the geno-cide of our unborn, and that reflects how desensitized we have become to the true value of a child each year, as we kill hundreds of thousands of the most innocent among us: unborn chil-dren who smile, who grab, and who are self-aware and feel pain. If we truly are what we do, then who are we if we purposely bring unthink-able pain to a baby boy or baby girl just before their life is snuffed out of them? This legislation is a leap forward for our collective conscience as a nation, and it is a strong step forward in re-turning value to life that we see, espe-cially the most unique life that exists out there: that special creature that was created by God. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, how much time remains on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Michigan has 21⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentlewoman from Georgia has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Madam Speaker, as a proud cosponsor of this legislation, I rise towards the end of this long debate to reiterate a central idea: the reason behind this legislation is because of what we stand for as Americans. The Declaration of Independence, as we know, is our Nation’s birth certifi-cate, and it states very succinctly in the second paragraph what has come to be known as the American’s Creed: ‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evi-dent: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.’’ The reason that the Founders put the right to life first, listed as our most fundamental freedom, is because they understood that we are made in the image of a holy God. Our creator, who gave us those unalienable rights, is the one who made each and every one of us. Because of that, there is a central truth that comes through: every single person, every single life, is of inestimable dig-nity and value. Your value is not re-lated in any way to where you went to school, what you make for a living, how good-looking you are, how tal-ented you are, what your fortune was in life, whether or not you have a phys-ical disability. Your value is inherent in who you are as a creation of the God who made you. That is the reason we stand for this. It is the reason the bill is so important. We urge our colleagues to support it today. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, in closing, H.R. 36 is a dangerous and unconstitutional bill that demonstrates a fundamental dis-trust of women to make private deci-sions that are best for themselves and their families. It is, therefore, unsurprising that this legislation is strongly opposed by the Nation’s lead-ing civil rights organizations, the med-ical profession, and women’s groups. In addition, 36 religious organiza-tions noted in a letter to Members op-posing this bill that the decision to end a pregnancy must be left to an indi-vidual woman, in consultation with her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.024 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7725 October 3, 2017 
family, doctors, and any others she chooses to involve, in keeping with her personal beliefs. Madam Speaker, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to please oppose this dangerous legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, we have heard many impassioned stories this afternoon. Much has changed since Roe v. Wade was upheld in the 1970s. We have made extraordinary medical advances. Today, we know with great certainty that babies in the womb, starting at the fifth month of pregnancy, do indeed feel pain. It is extraordinarily heartbreaking when an unborn baby is diagnosed with a severe and life-threatening abnor-mality, still that baby deserves a right to life and right to dignity. My sister was born with no esophagus and given little hope to live. By the grace of God and a miracle, within just weeks of her birth, a new technology, a new treatment came forward. Today, she is the proud mother of my two nieces. Madam Speaker, this is a good bill. It is a just bill. It is a moral bill to do what we are called to do, not just as Americans but as human beings: to protect lives of the most innocent. Madam Speaker, I rise in support and urge every colleague to vote in support of this bill, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. ESHOO. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 36, the Pain-Ca-pable Unborn Child Protection Act. H.R. 36 would prohibit the performance or attempted performance of an abortion after 20 weeks, and harshly punishes physicians who violate the law. This bill has narrow exemp-tions for the life of a mother (rape and incest) but there are no exemptions in the bill for con-ditions where the fetus has conditions or diag-noses that are incompatible with life. We have spent the entirety of this Congress defending women’s reproductive rights and fighting against plans that would eliminate funding and access to the health care pro-viders of a woman’s choosing. This bill is yet another attack on a woman’s right to decide what is best for her and her body. A woman, not a politician, must be able to make health decisions that are best for her own cir-cumstances. H.R. 36 ignores that every pregnancy is dif-ferent and compromises a woman’s right to the health care she is legally entitled to. It punishes women who are already in difficult situations. The Supreme Court has repeatedly ruled that neither a state nor the federal gov-ernment can ban safe and legal abortion serv-ices pre-viability. I support a woman’s legal right to opt for or against an abortion. The decision is private. It’s a matter of faith and it’s a matter of con-science, and our Constitution recognizes this. What I do not support is a bill that takes away a woman’s Constitutional right. The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act is a shameful attempt to impose a radical political agenda on women. It strips away their indi-vidual liberties and puts their health at serious risk. This bill is wrong, this bill is dangerous, and this House should reject it. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Madam Speaker, the science is clear, as dismemberment abortion procedures pull children apart limb from limb, the baby feels pain. The baby recoils as the instruments get closer. The fight or flight in-stinct is there. If that isn’t proof of life, I don’t know what is. These late term abortions must end. My position on this matter is well-known. It has long been my mission to protect the un-born. A vast majority of Americans agree, late term abortions are wrong. Period. Full stop. This bill isn’t just for the sake of the babies. This bill protects their mothers. At 20 weeks, this horrendous procedure is risky and sub-jects mothers to serious dangers. Lives are at stake, both for mothers and their babies. I support this bill, and urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, in both chambers to do the same. Thank you Mr. F
RANKS for in- troducing this important piece of legislation. Ms. D
ELAURO. Madam Speaker, today, I rise for Dr. Liz. This is her story. Laura and Mark, a couple in Connecticut, sought prenatal care from Dr. Liz. When Laura was 20 weeks pregnant, they came in for an ultrasound. The couple was devastated when the scan showed that their baby was affected by anencephaly, meaning absence of brain devel-opment. Dr. Liz remembers watching the joy and laughter leave Laura and Mark as they absorbed this news. They sought refuge with their families and clergy, and jointly made the difficult decision to end the pregnancy rather than endure 20 more weeks, a delivery, and the certain death of the child soon thereafter. Every family should be able to make their own decisions about reproductive health. In-stead, this bill puts the federal government squarely between a woman and her doctor. It even threatens providers like Dr. Liz with five years in jail if they perform a legal, constitu-tional, and sometimes medically necessary procedure. H.R. 36 is nothing more than a cruel at-tempt to deny women their constitutional rights. The Ninth Circuit struck down Idaho’s 20-week ban in 2015, and also struck down a similar law from Arizona in 2013. We must stop the attacks on women’s health. I urge my colleagues to vote no on H.R. 36. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Ca-pable Unborn Child Protection Act. This bill would prohibit late term abortions on unborn babies who can feel pain. As we now know, babies can feel pain as early as 20 weeks. This means during dismemberment abortion and induction abortions, babies feel the pain from these procedures, while in the womb. We are one of seven countries that still allows late term abortions, putting us in the company with North Korea and China. In fact, one of my staffers great niece was born at 26 weeks, weighing just 2 lbs, 11 oz. It’s unconscionable that we allow babies such as her niece to be aborted. This bill is one step closer to achieving our goal of protecting these innocent lives. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and to protect the sanctity of life. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 548, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Madam Speaker, I have a motion to re-commit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. BROWNLEY of California. I am in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Brownley of California moves to re-commit the bill H.R. 36 to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same to the House forthwith with the fol-lowing amendment: Page 6, line 21, insert after ‘‘life’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘or health’’. Page 6, beginning on line 22, strike ‘‘whose’’ and all that follows through ‘‘condi-tions’’ on page 7, ending in line 3. Page 11, line 20, insert after ‘‘life’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘or health’’. Page 11, beginning on line 21, strike ‘‘by’’ and all that follows through ‘‘injury’’ on line 22 and insert ‘‘or’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Madam Speaker, this is the final amendment to H.R. 36, which will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, the bill will imme-diately proceed to final passage, as amended. Madam Speaker, as many of my col-leagues know, I am a mom. I have two wonderful children. I am so very proud of them because both of them have de-cided to pursue careers that will save lives. My daughter, Hannah, currently lives in Africa, working for an NGO to fight poverty and AIDS. My son, Fred, is a doctor at Northwestern. Looking around this room, I see many other moms. We know the amaz-ing joy that comes with parenthood. Most of us have been fortunate that our children were born without com-plications. Unfortunately, for some women, this is not always the case. Throughout this debate, Members have been sharing the stories of women who wanted to be moms, but who found themselves in unimaginable situations and who were forced to make one of the most gut-wrenching decisions of their lives—whether to terminate her preg-nancy due to health risks. This is much like one woman from Michigan, who I will call Pam. Pam was already raising children and was excited and proud to be pregnant with another child. But Pam’s preg-nancy was causing her heart to fail. She consulted with multiple special-ists, who all told her that her own health was in jeopardy if the pregnancy continued. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.086 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7726 October 3, 2017 
Pam’s doctors advised her that the safest option was to terminate the pregnancy. But it was a very difficult decision for Pam and her family to make, as anyone in this room can sure-ly imagine. Pam, of course, had to think about her children, her family, and her own life. Imagine what that decision must be like. Just take a moment and think about that. Now, imagine finding out that politi-cians in Washington, D.C., have told Pam that she was not allowed to make that decision on her own, with her fam-ily. Imagine that: politicians putting her health in jeopardy, telling a woman and her family that the government was going to criminalize a doctor pro-viding her care, that her children might not have a mother while growing up. That is what this bill would do. As currently written, H.R. 36 shows no concern for the long-term health of the mother, her future ability to bear children, or her ability to care for her family. This bill would force women to carry pregnancies to term, even when their health is at risk. Even if the fetus has no chance of survival, this bill would require a woman to go to full term. Imagine what that would be like. Madam Speaker, my amendment simply adds the health of the mother to the existing exemptions in this bill. Without my amendment, H.R. 36 de-values the health and well-being of women and puts their life at risk. It tells our mothers, our daughters, our nieces, and our granddaughters that decisions about their long-term health are not their own. This is not the first bill that has been brought to the floor that shows dis-regard for women and their families. This bill fits a disturbing pattern. Just this year, the House has consid-ered legislation that tells women that they need to get their employer’s per-mission if they want affordable birth control. The House has considered bills that would eliminate women’s essential health benefits, like maternity care and mammograms. The House has considered legislation to cut funding for women’s healthcare centers. The House has also considered legis-lation that would allow insurance com-panies to charge women higher pre-miums and label pregnancy as a pre-existing condition. Tomorrow, we will consider a budget that decimates programs that are crit-ical to the health and welfare of women and families so that we can give a mas-sive tax cut to the wealthiest 1 per-cent. Just take one moment to think about those priorities. Madam Speaker, bills like this one disrespect and devalue women. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the mo-tion to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. ROBY. Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Alabama is recognized for 5 minutes. Mrs. ROBY. Madam Speaker, I am grateful for the opportunity to share my strong support for the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, or Micah’s Law. My colleagues who oppose this bill adamantly defend a mother’s ability to have a late-term abortion and a doc-tor’s ability to perform it. But, Madam Speaker, I have heard no mention of the third person in the room: the un-born baby. I am astounded that the opposition chooses to focus solely on the two indi-viduals who can speak for themselves, with no mention of the one who can-not. That is exactly what we are here to do today. We are here to speak up for those who can’t speak for them-selves. We are here to defend those who cannot defend themselves. Our bill seeks to do this by restrict-ing abortions after 20 weeks, or at the 6th month of pregnancy, the point at which research shows the unborn ba-bies can feel pain. Last week, I, too, had the oppor-tunity to meet the little boy this bill was named for: Micah Pickering. As many of you know, he was born at 22 weeks and spent 4 long months in in-tensive care. b1730 Micah survived, and this year he is in kindergarten. You see, children like Micah, who are born prematurely, are treated as patients. Special care is given to reduce their pain and increase their chances for survival, just as it should be. So, Madam Speaker, my question to those who would oppose this bill is this: What is the difference between a baby born at 6 months outside the womb and a baby at 6 months inside the womb? How can one be treated like a miracle they are created to be and the other be treated like medical waste? If a baby like Micah can survive outside the womb given the appro-priate care, shouldn’t we give other ba-bies like him the same protection and chance to live? I have listened to my colleagues on the other side call this bill extreme. I say to oppose this bill is extreme. If we won’t stop abortions at 6 months of pregnancy when a baby feels pain, when will we stop them? We have to draw a line somewhere. To say aborting a little baby who can actually feel the pain of the procedure being forced upon them crosses the line is a gross understatement. Madam Speaker, I am unapologetically pro-life, and I oppose abortion at any stage. I will always fight to grant greater protections for life under the law. As a society, I pray that we will start assigning greater value to life at all stages in this coun-try. Madam Speaker, so often we get caught up in the policies of this issue and we forget that these are babies, for goodness’ sake. They feel pain, and we need to protect them. That is why I urge my colleagues to oppose this mo-tion to recommit and join me in sup-porting this underlying bill. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5- minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered, and suspending the rules and passing S. 782. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 187, nays 238, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 548] YEAS—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.088 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7727 October 3, 2017 
Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—238 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—8 
Bridenstine Foster Himes Kihuen Long Loudermilk Rosen Titus b1755 Messrs. BUCSHON, MURPHY of Pennsylvania, and DENHAM changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. BISHOP of Georgia and KEATING changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. FOSTER. Madam Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 548. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 237, noes 189, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 549] AYES—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Bridenstine Himes Kihuen Long Loudermilk Rosen Titus 
b1802 So the bill was passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.039 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7728 October 3, 2017 
The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. ROSEN. Madam Speaker, on October 3rd, on rollcall votes 546, 547, 548, 549, and 550, I was not present because I was tending to my community in Las Vegas, in the after-math of the deadliest mass shooting in United States history. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall vote 546, ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall vote 547, ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall vote 548, ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall vote 549, and ‘‘Yea’’ on roll-call vote 550. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. CON. RES. 71, CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–339) on the resolution (H. Res. 553) providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 71) establishing the congressional budg-et for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
RESTRICTING ABORTIONS AFTER 20 WEEKS (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, a meas-ure that will restrict abortions after 20 weeks. Substantial scientific evidence has proven that abortions inflict pain on unborn children who have reached the age of 20 weeks. It has also been proven that, at 20 weeks, an unborn child is capable of surviving outside the womb. Just last week, I had the honor of meeting Micah Pickering, who had been born prematurely at 20 weeks. Micah is now a vibrant 5-year-old boy who is living a full and healthy life. Currently, the United States is one of only seven countries that allow abor-tions after 20 weeks. This bill is a com-monsense measure that will protect our next generation and end the egre-gious practice of late-term abortions. During my time as a member of the New York State Assembly, I was the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.093 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7729 October 3, 2017 
prime sponsor of the Pain-Capable Un-born Child Protection Act and was hon-ored to champion this bill in an effort to protect the most vulnerable in our society. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to protect the sanctity of life by voting ‘‘yes’’ on the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. 
f 
b1815 WHAT A RENEGOTIATED NAFTA COULD MEAN FOR AMERICA’S WORKERS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, during the August recess, I held a field hear-ing in Ohio to hear firsthand accounts from American workers and farmers and all our constituents on what a re-negotiated NAFTA could mean for jobs in Ohio and America. At the end of my remarks, I will in-clude in the R
ECORD the testimony of Roger Wise, of the Ohio and National Farmers Union, and Nick ‘‘Sonny’’ Nardi, of the Teamsters Local 416 in Greater Cleveland. Roger discussed the loss of American jobs to low-wage workers south of the border, and Nick emphasized the need to overhaul U.S. trade policy, including outlawing child labor, with stronger labor rights and true enforcement, call-ing for a tri-national Labor Secretariat to hear and resolve labor issues. I am grateful for their contributions, as only by listening to those who have witnessed the effects of bad trade agreements can we move forward and bring jobs back to America and prevent exploitation of workers abroad. 
TESTIMONY OF ROGER WISE, OHIO AND  N
ATIONAL FARMERS UNION (August 3, 2017 NAFTA Remarks) Good afternoon. Thank you Rep. Kaptur, Elizabeth of the Citizens Trade Campaign and President Mark Payne, Local 1250 for hosting this very timely event about this very important topic. My name is Roger Wise and I am a 4th gen-eration full-time family farmer and have been so for more than 40 years. I am here today on behalf of the Ohio and National Farmers Union. NFU is the oldest active farm organization in the country, advocating since 1902. Ohio has been chartered since 1934. Nationally we represent over 200,000 family farmers and ranchers and fishers. Here in Ohio we tout 2500 of those members. Four of them are here with me today, Marge and Mardy Townsend from Astabula County, and of course Congresswoman Kaptur. The Farmers Union organization works through grassroots driven policy to improve the well-being and quality of life for family farmers, ranchers, fishers and rural commu-nities. Each year at our national fly in we bestow on like-minded members of Congress our most prestigious award, the Golden Tri-angle. Rep. Kaptur has received it more than 25 years running, more than any other legis-lator; and we are grateful for her support. I remember vividly when the Secretary of Agriculture, Earl Butz declared the United States would plant ‘‘fence row to fence row’’ and we would export our nation to prosperity and feed the world along the way. That 70’s expansion lasted only a few years because American farmers soon produced massive surpluses, interest rates, inflation ad input costs skyrocketed, prices plummeted and competing countries developed their own farming techniques. The farm cries of the 80’s began and lasted for the next 25 years. Farm program payments accounted for 50% of farm income. The mantra was that profit came in ‘‘economies of scale’’, and we must ‘‘get big or get out’’. Many family farmers and ranchers did exactly that, some by choice, many by the force of the bank. Trade agreement seeds were planted and gathered momentum in the 80’s. NAFTA was the poster child. Assurances were given that no jobs would be lost, in fact, many more would be created; and the economies of the United States, Mexico and Canada would explode for he benefit of the people in all 3 countries. President Clinton signed on to the agreement ensuring us this would be the economic model for the world. Now, 25 years later we know the rosey as-sumptions and predictions did not play out in reality like they did on paper. American workers lost their manufacturing jobs to low wage Mexican workers who were also deci-mated product quality eroded, unions were decimated, family farmers either quit or were forced out of business, the middle class began to shrink and the trade deficit began to climb. Agriculture, however, through it all was championed because the United States con-sistently enjoyed trade surpluses primarily form corn and soy exports. Unfortunately though, family farmers, ranchers, and con-sumers did not benefit from NAFTA. With the exception of the boom year 2008–2013, which were due to the Renewable Fuel Standard, not NAFTA, close inspection re-veals vertically integrated multi-national companies reaped the profits while farmers in all 3 countries saw margins decline to the point of non-profitability; and all the while our trade deficits soared. Additionally, trade deals opened the door to consolidation and mega-mergers which led to less competition, non-competitive markets, higher costs, fewer choices and reduced research and de-velopment. An example of the latter is herbi-cide weed resistance. For decades Country of Origin Labelling, ‘‘COOL’’ has been the signature issue the Farmers Union. We pushed for its passage with great vigor because it benefits pro-ducers and 95% of consumers support it. Sim-ply, it requires beef pork and poultry to be labeled with the country from which these products came. Rep. Kaptur has been inde-fatigable promoting this issue. In fact, she is more steadfast supporting and promoting COOL than any congressperson in D.C. and we are grateful for her efforts. This require-ment is not unique and this virtually all of our trading partners have a form of COOL and all of them are WTO compliant. Our coalition efforts paid off in 2002, when COOL was included in the Farm Bill. Unfor-tunately, special interests, uncaring about its popularity and practicality, lobbied to prevent its funding and the measure was not implemented. Our efforts continued and in the 2008 Farm Bill COOL was mandatory and it became law of the land. Again special interests went to work to de-rail the law. They challenged it 3 times in Federal Court and lost each time. Undeterred and well financed, Canada and Mexico were coerced into filing suit with the WTO. Ironically, the tribunal was chaired by none other than Mexico. With the deck clear-ly stacked against us, our case was lost and Congress, under bogus threats of economic reprisals repealed COOL. For NAFTA to be meaningfully renegoti-ated, re-instating COOL must be a high pri-ority for the benefit of farmers and con-sumers. Food production and its safety are na-tional security issues as well as an economic ones. Trade agreements have led to reduced border inspections of food imports. Further, these agreements have deemed other coun-ties less stringent safety regulations ade-quate for our import inspections. This relax-ing of regulations puts our farmers and ranchers at a disadvantage because our prod-ucts are routinely of higher quality. Currency manipulation and the overvalued U.S. dollar makes our exports more expen-sive relegating us to the supplies of last re-sort which also adds to the trade deficit. Farmers and ranchers were not helped by America’s withdrawal from the Paris Cli-mate Agreement. Farmers are poised to help mitigate climate change both here and around the world through conservation, car-bon sequestration and other initiatives to as-sure sustainability for decades to come. Cli-mate change must be part of any meaningful trade agreement based on public funded, peer reviewed science based research. To conclude, the record must be clear. NFU is not anti trade or protectionist. We are keenly aware that the economy is global and trade is a critical component of world economics. We do, however, believe that trade deals should benefit farmers and work-ers in all counties. Living wages, competi-tive markets, with safety and welfare in the work place guaranteed; and all nations must strive for a clean and healthy environment to preserve our planet for centuries hence. Only then will trade be fair and our deficit decline. Thank you NAFTA FIELD HEARING WITHREP. MARCY  K
APTUR  
TESTIMONY OF NICK ‘‘SONNY ’’ NARDI , 
PRESIDENT , TEAMSTERS LOCAL 416  Good afternoon. My name is Sonny Nardi and I am president of Teamsters Local 416 in Cleveland. In May 2000, 320 Teamsters got laid off from the Mr. Coffee plant in Glenwillow, about 20 miles east of here. Their jobs went to Mexico because of the North American ‘‘so-called’’ Free Trade Agreement. My Local, Teamsters 416, lost hundreds of jobs to NAFTA —120 jobs at HOSPECO on 79th and Car-negie in Cleveland, —60 jobs at Muller Electric on Pain Avenue in Cleveland —96 jobs in Bedford Heights, The Mr. Cof-fee Filter Division —115 jobs at Blue Coral Car Wax in Maple Heights These were all good paying jobs with bene-fits and many were inner city jobs, workers could walk to work and had much tenure. Most of of these guys, because their pro-duction jobs were simply shifted to Mexican plants, were eligible for some federal bene-fits under a narrow NAFTA program called ‘‘Trade Adjustment Assistance,’’ or TAA. Here in Ohio, under NAFTA TAA, more than 150,000 workers have been certified as lost their jobs due to offshoring—plant relocation like Mr. Coffee—or because of increased im-ports from Mexico and Canada that reduce production and jobs at American companies. But, as everybody knows, the TAA totals are the tip of the iceberg because that pro-gram certifies only the manufacturing jobs that we have lost because of NAFTA—not the services jobs that depend on a strong manufacturing base. So, when you factor in those jobs, as well as the manufacturing jobs Ohio has lost due to our flawed and failed so-called ‘‘free 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.096 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7730 October 3, 2017 
trade’’ policies, than Ohio. And, on a per-sonal note, as a longtime northern Ohio Teamster leader, there aren’t many Local unions that have been decimated, the way 416 has, by NAFTA. And on another point of personal privilege, I want to say that American workers, not just here in Cleveland but all over the coun-try, have had no better friend, no greater ally, than Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur. Some folks here are probably too young to remember the NAFTA Accountability Act back in the mid-90s. That was Marcy Kaptur shining a legislative light on the NAFTA dis-aster even as the jobs were staring to flow south. That’s why this field hearing is so impor-tant and that’s why the renegotiation of NAFTA is an historic opportunity. So I want to spend a couple of minutes on how we can overhaul the NAFTA to begin to repair the damage. Specifically, I want to de-scribe some things that must be included in a new NAFTA, new Chapters, as well as some old parts of NAFTA that must come out. But let me be really clear at the outset: if the Trump trade team does not renegotiate NAFTA in a thorough way that works for workers, then the US should quit the deal al-together. I can’t speak for the other folks on this panel today, but the Teamsters demand a complete overhaul of the NAFTA model. No cut-n-paste of the Trans-Pacific-Partnership, no tweaking around the edges. We want a NAFTA upgrade that puts in interests of working families first and foremost. To achieve this goal, the top priority has to be a new Labor Rights Chapter to replace the weak and unenforceable side agreement added to NAFTA to get Congress to support ratification in 1993. When it comes to North American worker rights, we’ve got to level the playing field, so Mexican workers and union organizers have the same rights we take for granted up here. That will reduce the incentive for corpora-tions to relocate jobs down there, if they can’t oppress labor or avoid collective bar-gaining The new NAFTA must prohibit child labor and forced labor and protect the freedom of association and the right to bargain collec-tively through independent unions. Further, those fundamental labor rights must be en-forceable by the same or better trade sanc-tions that protect commercial interests. Moreover, a truly modernized NAFTA should establish a process to determine basic living wage rates in all regions of all free countries and an enforcement mechanism to guarantee a decent standard of living, in-cluding to save for retirement. All these basic labor rights and the sanc-tions that protect them and the commitment to living wage must be enforced by an inde-pendent tri-national labor secretariat that can hear labor cases and resolve them on be-half of all workers, including migrant work-ers. Last point on labor: this new NAFTA chap-ter will serve as a template for future nego-tiations, so it is crucial that America get it right this time. Another new chapter that must be part of the NAFTA replacement model is Currency. One of the reasons we could not support the TPP was the previous administration refused to include enforceable disciplines against currency manipulation. America has learned the hard way how our trading partners manage their currencies against the dollar to increase their exports to us (and limit imports from us), which in-creases our trade deficits, which costs Amer-ican jobs. We’re not saying that Mexico or Canada is currently manipulating their cur-rencies. But we are saying that a replace-ment trade model that we will support must finally address the issue of currency mis-alignment. Let me finish by mentioning a couple bad NAFTA provisions that must come out dur-ing renegotiation. The first is Government Procurement, which is NAFTA chapter 10. It has under-mined ‘‘Buy American’’ laws by requiring the federal government to treat foreign bid-ders as if they were US bidders. To Buy American is to Hire American; that’s how it works, and we want our jobs back and our tax dollars spent at home. Going into these new NAFTA talks, the U.S. should retract all procurement commit-ments that undermine responsible bidding standards and all domestic or local pref-erences. Teamsters and taxpayers from both sides of the partisan divide support ‘‘Buy American’’—and we don’t want the new NAFTA to weaken that economic policy, es-pecially as we look forward to the infrastruc-ture investment that this country needs so badly. The second thing that must come out is the controversial system of private cor-porate courts that protect foreign investors. NAFTA’s chapter 11 introduced so-called ‘‘investor-state dispute settlement’’ (ISDS) into our ‘‘free trade’’ deals, giving foreign companies superior rights over U.S. firms. ISDS undermines the rule of law and facili-tates offshoring by creating unique privi-leges and secretive arbitration chambers in which foreign investors, but not American firms, can challenge laws the claim will cut profits. A third bad provision, of particular inter-est to the Teamsters, is in Chapter 12, which deals with trade in services. The old NAFTA opened up American highways to unsafe Mexican-domiciled long-haul carriers. We and our allies like Advocates for High-way Safety, the Sierra Club and the Owner- Operator Independent Truckers, have fought for many years, in the Congress and in the courts, to keep that provision from being fully implemented. The original intent of the NAFTA nego-tiators was to keep US interstates closed to Mexican carries until the safety of the trucks and drivers could be certified. That never happened. Accordingly, we call on the new NAFTA RE-negotiators to end this con-troversy once and for all. The new NAFTA should require Mexican-domiciled trucks to transfer their loads to US trucks in the 20 mile wide border commercial zone. In conclusion, I have named two new chap-ters that must be included in NAFTA 2.0 and three bad aspects that must come out—five reforms that will keep and create middle class jobs and help America lead the way to-wards a new trade policy program, a tem-plate for all future international commercial agreements. But, seeing as we are enjoying the hospi-tality of our UAW brothers and sisters here in Local 1250, I want to mention one last NAFTA fix. The Rules of Origin for autos and auto parts should be beefed up. The ‘‘regional value content’’ should be raised and all loop-holes closed. In order to enjoy the low tariffs and NAFTA market access, all cars and trucks that are made in the three countries should not have components that are made in other countries where wages are sup-pressed by companies that oppress workers and pay them less than their labor is worth. That solidarity is what this opportunity is all about. Autoworkers and Steelworkers and Machinists and Teamsters, the labor unions that have had the worst experience under NAFTA and now have the greatest stake in real overhaul in its renegotiation. We must stand in solidarity with our broth-ers and sisters in the independent unions in Canada and Mexico. And, in turn, all of labor must stand in solidarity with environmental activists, consumer advocates and the family farmers. Together, we have been fighting NAFTA and its expansion for a generation. Now we can work together, with our allies in Con-gress, to finally fix it. Thank You f 
HONORING JIM POWELL ON HIS 80TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. ROE of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Jim Powell, of Johnson City, Tennessee, for his 80th birthday. In addition to being a successful busi-nessman, Jim has devoted his life to many worthy endeavors, such as help-ing students achieve their dreams of attending college. Growing up, Jim never dreamed of going to college until a teacher helped him apply for a scholarship to the Uni-versity of Tennessee. Eleven years later, Jim and his wife, Sandy, opened Powell Construction Company, which has been successfully operating for the past 48 years and employs more than 500 people. All of this wouldn’t have been pos-sible without the kind encouragement of Jim’s teacher. In an effort to pay that kindness forward, Jim created the Powell Foundation, which has provided over 4,000 scholarships to the Univer-sity of Tennessee and to East Ten-nessee State University. Our community is a better place to live and work because of Jim and Sandy Powell. Jim exemplifies the Vol-unteer spirit. I commend him for his selfless contributions to east Ten-nessee, and wish him nothing but the best on his 80th birthday. Happy birthday, Jim. 
f 
HONORING THE VICTIMS OF THE LAS VEGAS SHOOTING (Mr. GOMEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of one of my con-stituents, Michelle Vo, who lost her life in Sunday’s mass shooting in Las Vegas. Michelle was described by her friends and family as an ambitious, hard work-er, known for her charisma and fierce independence. She embodied the Amer-ican Dream in every single way. Her middle name, My, means ‘‘America’’ in Vietnamese. Her mother emigrated from Vietnam and raised Michelle and her sisters near San Jose. Michelle would go on to graduate from UC Davis before moving to Eagle Rock, in my district, to work as an insurance agent in nearby Pasa-dena. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.046 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7731 October 3, 2017 
My heart goes out to Michelle Vo, her family and friends, and the other victims of the Las Vegas shooting. I am heartbroken and angry about the events in Las Vegas. These inci-dents are far too common in our coun-try, and it is my sincere hope that Con-gress takes action to lessen these types of tragic events. 
f 
OUR LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFI-CERS RUN TO DANGER, NOT AWAY FROM IT (Mr. HARRIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, the Na-tion stands in mourning over the trag-edy in Las Vegas. No one ever wants to be in that situation. But it, once again, reminds us that, when there is danger, our law enforcement officers run to it, not away from it. We are going to hear many stories from that tragedy in Las Vegas, but many of them will concern those brave law enforcement officers who, at the risk of their own life, protected and saved the lives of many, many others. So, as we mourn the tragedy in Las Vegas, let us always remember and be thankful for those law enforcement of-ficers who protect us each and every day. 
f 
DREAMERS ARE AMERICANS TOO (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the story of Leonardo Reyes of Salem, Oregon, and urge Speaker R
YAN to put forth a clean Dream Act bill. Leo is an undocumented Oregonian. His mother brought Leo and his sib-lings to Oregon when he was 10 years old. His mother was a victim of domes-tic violence and felt she needed to get as far away from her husband as pos-sible to keep Leo and his siblings safe. His mother left everything she knew in Mexico in order to pursue a better life for her children. Leo has attended Davis Elementary School, Reynolds Middle School, McKay High School, graduated from Chemeketa Community College, and is currently pursuing a bachelor’s degree in interdisciplinary studies at Western Oregon University. He works full-time helping senior citizens and individuals with disabil-ities access healthcare and food bene-fits. Additionally, Leo was a cofounder of the Oregon DACA Coalition, which raises awareness in the community by empowering Oregon youth to engage in our democratic process. Leo considers himself an American, and I do too. He believes that being an American is a set of values and ideals which we all hold dear. We need to pass a clean Dream Act bill that will recognize Leo and over 800,000 DREAMers as equal members in our community. f 
COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, it is time we go after the perpetrators of on-line sex trafficking. A recent investiga-tion revealed what I have been saying for years, that websites like backpage.com knowingly facilitate human trafficking due to existing law which has been wrongly interpreted and allows these sites to get away without criminal liability. That is why I am cosponsoring legis-lation to specifically allow States to investigate and prosecute websites that facilitate sex trafficking. H.R. 1855 is bipartisan legislation that will em-power law enforcement to combat on-line sex trafficking more effectively. This is an important step forward in the fight to end the suffering of 12-, 13-, and 14-year-old girls and boys— children—who are the victims of sex trafficking. So, Mr. Speaker, law enforcement needs more tools to put an end to the heinous practice of exploitation and modern-day slavery, and clamping down on backpage.com’s ability to ad-vertise young girls for sex is crucial and critical to holding them account-able. 
f 
IT IS TIME TO REAUTHORIZE THE CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, in 1997, with a very, very bipartisan budg-et reconciliation deal, we passed a magnificent statement about this Na-tion’s commitment to children, and that was the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program that all of us were so very proud of. It started in 1997 as the first real health reform since Medicare and Medicaid, and millions of children were able to get healthcare. Maybe at that time their parents could not, but they could be covered: children with sickle cell, children with heart defects, children with various hereditary or ge-netic diseases who were impacted, chil-dren with cancer, leukemia, all of these children, or children injured on a play-ing field, children could be covered. It is time to reauthorize the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program. In fact, I call upon the leadership to be able to establish martial law so that we can pass the reauthorization of the Children’s Health Insurance Program coming this week before we go home. The Democrats have been pushing. The leadership of the Democrats have been pushing. They have been asking for the passage of the Children’s Health Insurance Program. I can tell you that those, Mr. Speak-er, impacted by the hurricanes, they need that healthcare. I ask for its pas-sage. f 
VIRGIN ISLANDERS ARE AMERICANS TOO (Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, Hurri-canes Irma and Maria have wreaked havoc on the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puer-to Rico, and numerous Caribbean na-tions. Although the full extent of the two hurricanes’ impact has yet to be assessed, it is clear that the damage from these storms is unparalleled. The people of the Virgin Islands have lost their homes and possessions. Busi-ness has been lost, along with hos-pitals, schools, and utility systems. In the coming months, I ask that all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle approve the full amount of funding and support needed for short- and long- term relief. For example, tomorrow, the Energy and Commerce Committee will con-sider legislation to extend the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program for 5 years. I ask my colleagues to remem-ber the people and children of the Vir-gin Islands. Just over one-third of the children of the Virgin Islands lived below the pov-erty level even prior to Hurricanes Irma and Maria. After the hurricanes, our antipoverty needs will grow expo-nentially. We need Medicaid and CHIP provi-sions to provide the Virgin Islands with additional funding and higher rates of Federal matching funds so that poor Americans and children in the Virgin Islands can remain covered. This, in addition to further changes to Federal program requirements, will help the Virgin Islands with the resources it needs to build. So I urge my colleagues to please re-member that Virgin Islanders are Americans too, just the same as con-stituents elsewhere across the country. 
f 
GOING FORWARD AS AMERICANS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
AST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, there are so many things on the minds of Americans: three hurricanes in a month, disasters in Houston, Florida, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands. We just heard our colleague from the Virgin Is-lands speak of the problems that that island has. Millions of Americans harmed in so many ways, lives lost, just yesterday, the tragedy in Las Vegas. It is hard not to focus only on those issues, but in many, many ways, Las 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.098 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7732 October 3, 2017 
Vegas aside, the issue of the hurricanes and what we will do as Americans going forward is on my mind and, I sus-pect, on the minds of many. As we review and as we figure out how to deal with those disasters and how we rebuild, I would like us all to keep in mind that our goal, in addition to bringing these economies back to-gether again, putting people back in their homes, their businesses, and the infrastructure, that we keep in mind that we ought to be looking for better jobs and better wages for all Ameri-cans—and certainly for those in the low- and middle-income brackets—and a better future. We think about Puerto Rico and their future. How do we make it a bet-ter future? Well, we certainly know that there is a problem in much of America, stagnation of wages, so high-er pay becomes critically important. We need to deal with the cost issues that go into this, and we need to make sure that all Americans, wherever they may be, in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Is-lands, or Washington, Virginia, wher-ever, that they have the tools to com-pete. So today we are going to take 1 hour, and we are going to talk about ideas that need to be discussed here in the House of Representatives: legislation, existing programs such as the Jones Act, shipbuilding, and the like. b1830 I would like to ask my colleague, B
RENDAN BOYLE , to begin the discus-sion with a bill that he and his col-leagues, or our colleagues, are intro-ducing. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B
OYLE ). Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gen-tleman from California for yielding. Before I have the opportunity to speak about that, I just want to say briefly what a contrast we see between the Republican tax plan that was re-leased last week and the bill that my colleagues, the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ), and I will be talking about. The Republican tax plan that was re-leased last week, I think everyone has acknowledged by now that it is a mas-sive giveaway to the wealthiest 1 per-cent. The nonpartisan Tax Policy Cen-ter estimates that 79.7 percent of the top 1 percent would get the benefit. But what most people don’t realize is that, under that same tax plan, many middle class families and working class families would see their taxes go up, not down. The same nonpartisan Tax Policy Center estimates that 30 percent of middle class families would see their taxes go up. We did an estimate of my district in northeast Philadelphia, and suburban Philadelphia. A majority of middle class and working class families in my district would see their taxes go up, all to pay for a massive tax cut for the wealthiest 1 percent. That is wrong. Now, contrast that approach with what we are introducing this week, and I especially praise the leadership of my colleague, Congresswoman SCHA-
KOWSKY , who was the first one to intro-duce this idea. We are introducing the Patriot Employer Tax Credit Act. It has always bothered me, as someone who has seen jobs leave my district and go overseas and go abroad, that our Tax Code gives an incentive for that sort of behavior; that a company like Mondelez International that closed the factory that existed for more than half a century in Philadelphia, and shipped over 300 jobs to Mexico, that they are able to claim a few tax deductions while doing that. The Patriot Employer Tax Credit Act closes those deductions, and it takes the money and devotes 100 percent of it to benefit those responsible employers, those companies that are providing jobs here at home in America, that are well paid with good benefits. Now, my colleague, Congresswoman S
CHAKOWSKY , will go into greater de-tail about some of the aspects of the Patriot Employer Tax Credit Act. But I really think that this should be a bi-partisan bill. It is a chance for our col-leagues on the other side, even this ad-ministration, that says it is concerned about losing American jobs overseas, to join with us on the Democratic side of the aisle. Support the Patriot Em-ployer Tax Credit Act and reject the sort of Wall Street-driven tax cockamamie ideas that give a massive tax cut to the wealthiest 1 percent and require working class and middle class families to pay for it. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ) for his thoughts. I started off with a better deal, better wages, better jobs, or jobs at all. The Make It In America agenda, which we have been talking about here for 5 or 6 years, long before President Trump came along, involves tax policy. I am bringing to our attention tonight a tax issue that will create jobs in America and, frankly, no longer pro-mote the offshoring of jobs. Another piece of our puzzle on mak-ing it in America, and better wages, better jobs, and better future, is some-thing that has been much discussed in recent days, particularly with regard to the Puerto Rican situation, and that is the Jones Act. Joining me tonight to discuss the Jones Act, why it is important to America, why it is a major job oppor-tunity and continuation for American mariners, American shipowners, as well as America’s shipyards, is Ms. J
AYAPAL . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ). Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding. It was wonderful to see the gentleman out in Seattle exploring our maritime sector. We are very proud of the maritime industry. And in the State of Wash-ington, and in my district, the Seventh Congressional District of Washington State, sometimes people know about us for Boeing airplanes, but they really should know us for our national deep-water port and all of the maritime that we have there. Obviously, Mr. Speaker, since Hurri-cane Maria hit Puerto Rico last month, residents have been without power. Many of them have not had access to relief supplies, including food and water. Many have lost their lives. It has been heartbreaking to watch. We all stand united in pushing this admin-istration to do everything possible to ensure that the people of Puerto Rico have access to relief supplies and that the administration is doing everything it can to assist and rebuild. These are American citizens, and we have an obligation to do everything we can to help after this devastating hur-ricane. The reason I am here today is to join my colleague, the gentleman from California, because in the wake of Hur-ricane Maria, we did see a false nar-rative spreading through the media and social channels about the Jones Act. It caused us to reflect on the fact that perhaps not everybody knows the his-tory of the Jones Act. Not everybody understands exactly what it does and how it supports so strongly American jobs that benefit so many of us. There are people who thought that perhaps the Jones Act was to blame for the fact that supplies were not making it out of the docks and into Puerto Rico, and so I am very grateful to the gentleman from California, and Repub-lican colleague across the aisle, Rep-resentative HUNTER , for holding an in-formal hearing on this very topic and inviting in shipbuilders, shipping com-panies, as well as the maritime labor industry to tell us a little bit about what was happening in Puerto Rico. And so this is an opportunity, really, for us to talk about what the Jones Act means, because when you are talking about Make It In America, when you are talking about better wages, better jobs, and a better deal for the Amer-ican public, then the Jones Act, in many ways, is the epitome of exactly that. The Jones Act has been in effect for nearly 100 years and inspired by cabo-tage laws that were in place since the first session of Congress in 1789. The law requires that when goods are shipped via water between two points in the United States, they must be shipped on U.S.-made vessels that are owned and operated by Americans. This is where the critical industry comes in. In terms of Puerto Rico, the Jones Act is not the reason that the distribution of relief supplies has been slow to move in Puerto Rico. In fact, reports are that thousands of con-tainers containing fuel, emergency housing, food, water, and other essen-tials are trapped at the Port of San 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.100 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7733 October 3, 2017 
Juan. To date, at least 11,300 con-tainers with millions of pounds of relief supplies have been delivered. To put this in perspective, just one such state-of-the-art container ship ar-rived in Puerto Rico just 3 days after Hurricane Maria made landfall, car-rying more than 35 million pounds of cargo, the equivalent of about 1,900 cargo planes. You can see here on the chart that the Jones Act current ca-pacity is 22,000 TEUs with a maximum carrying capacity of 1.079 billion pounds. So just imagine that the additional surge capacity, as of now, is 5,430 TEUs with a max carrying capacity of 258 million pounds. So the issue has not been that ships are not delivering. Our American ships are delivering supplies. But unfortunately, because of the in-frastructure, the lack of infrastruc-ture, the destruction to the roads, and the issues around refrigeration across the island—unfortunately, warehouses have been destroyed—there is nowhere to store those products, and there is no refrigeration. So what we are seeing is the capacity at the docks continuing to increase. So over the next 2 weeks alone, Jones Act vessels will deliver more than 9,000 con-tainers to Puerto Rico, including at least 3,300 FEMA loads full of relief cargo. So despite these volumes, the resi-dents of Puerto Rico are suffering, not because ships aren’t being able to de-liver there, but because of the lack of infrastructure that I mentioned, lack of refrigeration, all of those things. So currently, the point that is very important, I think, for everybody to understand is that American flagships have the capacity to meet Puerto Rico’s relief cargo needs, and the em-phasis needs to be on moving cargo from the Port of San Juan into the is-land, and focusing on rebuilding the in-frastructure that has suffered because of this devastating hurricane. Mr. Speaker, some have called for an outright repeal of the Jones Act de-spite these facts. Why should Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle support the Jones Act? Because it is in-credibly important to our country’s economy and to the maritime industry, which supports nearly 500,000 jobs and is responsible for over $92 billion in gross economic output each year. So in my home State of Washington, which ranks sixth in the country for Jones Act jobs, this law supports over 16,000 jobs and helps generate approxi-mately $1.1 billion in labor income. More than 19 million tons of cargo originate from my home State of Wash-ington every year, and the State im-ports more than 28 million tons annu-ally. Without these jobs, our economy would suffer tremendously. In my district, Washington’s Seventh Congressional District, the Jones Act directly supports nearly 2,000 jobs, in-directly supports more than 6,500-re-lated jobs. And to be clear, everywhere in the country where we have Jones Act jobs, they are better jobs, better wages, and a better future for our Americans across the country. Shipyard jobs pay incredibly well. They earn workers about 45 percent more than the national average for pri-vate sector jobs. And this is an area, as we saw in the hearing that was had, this is an area where business and mar-itime labor, our merchant marines, are proud to work together to make sure that we provide for the national secu-rity of our country through the Jones Act, and also that we provide these deep investments in good-paying union jobs. Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt that we have to invest in Puerto Rico by providing comprehensive relief, includ-ing water and food and housing and medical care, and we have to do every-thing we can to rebuild the infrastruc-ture. But at the same time, we must make sure that we continue bipartisan support for this bedrock maritime law. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the State of Washington for very clearly laying out why the Jones Act is good for all of us. We held a hearing today, an exten-sive hearing on the maritime industry and on the Jones Act in the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee, the Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation Subcommittee, and it was laid out with facts and figures, many of those behind you on the chart. There has been a lot of talk about the Jones Act somehow harming Puerto Rico. The fact is, the truth is exactly the op-posite. The Jones Act allows for three Amer-ican shipping companies using Amer-ican ships with American mariners to deliver twice a week—each of those companies—twice a week on what amounts to a milk run from Jackson-ville, Florida, to Puerto Rico, all the goods and services that they need. With the hurricane having happened, these three companies are providing all of the FEMA, all of the emergency aid, and they have additional capacity that has not yet been used in delivering the goods and services that Puerto Rico needs in the wake of the hurricane. In addition to that, the Jones Act is not just between the islands of Puerto Rico, Guam, or Hawaii. It is the inland waterways of America—the great Mis-sissippi River system, all of the barges and tugs and the rest. If the Jones Act didn’t exist, we would have companies, mariners, and sailors operating in the heart of our country from everywhere in the world. This is a major national security issue beyond what we will talk about. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) so very much for partici-pating in this. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) to carry on with these issues. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) for yielding. He has done a great job of really making Congress aware and the American public aware of just how important the Jones Act is to our country. There have been a lot of misconcep-tions out there, a lot of reports on the news that were just quick to pick up on a sound bite. But the fact of the matter is, when you talk about trade, when you talk about taxes, labor, and other things that you have added, national security, it is the Jones Act that is keeping all of those things going strong in America. I just really appre-ciate the gentleman doing that. When we talk about middle class jobs in this country, there has been a lot of talk in this country about how we have lost a lot of middle class jobs over the last 20 years. b1845 These jobs, because of the Jones Act, have been protected, and we need to make sure that we keep those jobs here in America going strong. I am so glad that the gentleman also cleared up the confusion about what was really going on in relation to Puer-to Rico, that American ships were doing what they were supposed to be doing, and that there were other issues on why people weren’t getting supplies. The American public needs to know that. When the gentleman starts talking about minimum wage, middle class wages, obviously, the Merchant Ma-rines, the mariners out there who work on these cargo and container ships, help keep that middle class strong in America. One of the reasons why they are able to do that is because many of those jobs related to the Jones Act, as the gentleman knows, are union jobs. The people who run those unions work very hard to make sure people have good wages and that they have good benefits so they can take care of their families and be able to send them to college. As the gentleman knows, I have talked with the gentleman before, and he heard Representative B
OYLE earlier, who is also the co-chair of the Blue Collar Caucus, talk about how impor-tant these issues are to us, and I know as well as Mr. G
ARAMENDI and everyone else within our caucus. I just want to point this out very briefly. According to the Center for Economic and Policy Research, union-ized workers are compared to their nonunionized counterparts in showing that their wages are 14 percent higher on average. Again, if you have jobs that are paying 14 percent higher on average, we need to protect those jobs because we want people to have more spending power to be able to make our economy strong and great, not less spending power. The union wage premium is even larger for some demographic groups that, on average, receive lower pay, in-cluding workers of color and those without a college education. According 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.102 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7734 October 3, 2017 
to the Center for American Progress Action Fund, unions increase workers’ benefits really substantially. Ninety- four percent of union workers have ac-cess to retirement benefits while only 65 percent of nonunion workers do. As the gentleman knows, we discuss Social Security in this Chamber quite often, and how we are going into our retirement years and whether or not we are going to be able to take care of ourselves when we are no longer able to perform certain physical functions is obviously something that is very im-portant. Union workers are 28 percent more likely to have health insurance and pay a lower share of premiums for it. They are also 54 percent more likely to have a retirement plan than nonunion workers at workplaces. Union women in the United States are more likely to take parental leave, which is also more likely to be paid. Again, whether it is the Jones Act or Davis-Bacon, we need to make sure that in this country we keep these jobs going strong and that we keep the con-versation going in that direction. Again, I just want to thank the gen-tleman for the work that he has done to raise awareness on this issue. We need to continue to talk about this just so the American public understands just how important this is to our econ-omy and to our society as we continue to grow our workforce into the 21st century. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much for yielding. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. V
EASEY very much for bring-ing to our attention the role of the unions in maintaining wages through-out the United States. If we are look-ing for a better deal, better jobs, better wages, and a better future, certainly the union members in the maritime in-dustry will—and have been able to— achieve that. The great risk is legislation may be moving through the Senate and the House that would terminate the Jones Act and, along with it, some 400,000 jobs in the United States, 100,000 of those directly in the shipyards that are building these American-built ships for the intercoastal and for the brown water, the river transportation, as well as the open ocean transportation. So we have got something here that is very important, and that is Make It In America, a better deal for Ameri-cans comes through the Jones Act. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. V
EASEY  very much for his remarks. Mr. Speaker, I notice that my col-league from Chicago, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , is here once again to pick up on some-thing we talked about earlier in our Make It In America agenda. If she would look here, number two on the Make It In America agenda is taxes. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) to talk about taxes. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I wanted to just pick up on something that Congressman VEASEY said, but first let me just thank the gentleman from California for his relentless push to make sure that we have good jobs in America, that that is part of our better deal. We are not just talking about jobs. We are talking about good jobs. I wanted to just say that when it comes to women, if women want equal pay for equal work now, join a union. There aren’t any union contracts that say: Oh, we are going to pay men up here and women over here, not 79 cents on the dollar for a woman in a labor union. So I encourage my friends—my sis-ters—to join a union. M
ARC VEASEY and B RENDAN BOYLE  are both the co-chairs of what we call the Blue Collar Caucus. I am part of it. Notice my blue collar today. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman is properly dressed for the Blue Collar Caucus. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I am a proud member of that caucus be-cause workers, as we know, are just not getting a fair deal right now in today’s economy. The U.S. is the richest coun-try in the world and in the history of the world. We are richer than we have ever been. Now, most people don’t ac-tually feel that because the ordinary worker has not seen any wage growth in the last 2, maybe 2
1⁄2or 3 decades. The income gap between top executives and the average worker is bigger than ever. At the same time, corporations are raking in record profits as they ship jobs overseas. So, obviously, it is time for us to fix the economy that is rigged against America’s working families. We can start with our Tax Code or end with our Tax Code or in the middle with our Tax Code. We need to do something about our Tax Code. So today I am joining with Congress-men B
OYLE and V EASEY to introduce— we introduced just a few minutes ago— the Patriot Employer Act, and that is H.R. 3925. It is a first step toward fixing a broken tax system. Instead of giving tax breaks to com-panies that offshore jobs and that pay poverty wages, our bill encourages businesses to create good jobs here at home. Here is how the bill works. We re-ward patriot employers with a tax credit for each employee’s wages. To qualify for the patriot employers tax credit, a business must fulfill the fol-lowing checklist: One, invest in American jobs, no offshoring or tax inversion schemes; Two, pay living wages; Three, contribute to workers’ retire-ment security through a defined ben-efit or defined contribution plan; Four, provide quality health insur-ance; Five, provide paid leave; Six, and lastly, have practices in place to support employment of our troops, our veterans, and people with disabilities. There is a companion bill that was introduced by Senator S
HERROD  BROWN , and I am sure he will get more cosponsors. Small businesses, under 50 employ-ees, can qualify for the tax credits by meeting only some of these criteria. Unlike the Trump-GOP tax giveaway proposal, our bill is responsible. It pays for the new tax credits by closing exist-ing tax loopholes that incentivize cor-porations to invest overseas. I think most Americans get that there is actu-ally an advantage now for companies who decide to take their jobs out of the United States. Under the current Tax Code, multi-national corporations get to defer taxes on overseas earnings until they bring those profits back to the United States. Through creative accounting, corporations essentially get to avoid taxes in perpetuity. That is forever. At the same time, those corporations can deduct interest expenses on invest-ments overseas, such as building a new manufacturing plant somewhere. That is totally backward. We are rewarding corporations that are avoiding U.S. taxes and offshoring American jobs. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, ex-cuse me for a moment, forgive me for interrupting, but the gentlewoman said something that caught my attention. American corporations that build a factory in China are able to deduct that cost of that factory against their American taxes? Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. That is exactly right, Mr. Speaker. If a corporation de-ducts interest expenses on investments overseas, and that would include build-ing a new manufacturing plant offshore somewhere. So we don’t want to be rewarding corporations that are avoiding U.S. taxes and offshoring American jobs and giving them benefits. So the Patriot Employer Act fixes that. It raises taxes on corporations that offshore and re-duces taxes on businesses that invest in good, American jobs. The President talks about America first. This is exactly the kind of thing that we should be doing. Let’s not cre-ate incentives to take those jobs away. But still, the Trump-GOP tax plan is a betrayal of American workers. I don’t know if he knows that. It does nothing to raise wages. In fact, 80 percent of the plan’s tax cuts would go to the top 1 percent of earners. At the same time, 30 percent of mid-dle class families—$50,000 to $150,000— would actually see a tax increase under the plan. As for corporate taxes, it doubles down on the problem in the current Tax Code. While our current Tax Code lets multinationals put off paying taxes on offshore profits, the new Re-publican plan would give permanent tax breaks for offshoring. The Republican tax plan means less revenue for investments that grow the middle class, like education and infra-structure, which we need so badly, which he said he wanted to do. We want to do it with him. It means more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.104 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7735 October 3, 2017 
jobs shipped abroad. For many middle class families, it would mean a smaller paycheck. So we are offering a different path. The Patriot Employer Act, together with stronger unions and greater pub-lic investment, offers a real solution to the growing inequity in our country. There are responsible businesses in our country. If a business pays fair wages and provides good benefits, we should support that. We shouldn’t make them compete with corporations that don’t. In the end, it is a question of whose side are you on: the offshoring corpora-tion or the American worker? Mr. Speaker, I urge my House col-leagues to reject tax cuts for million-aires, billionaires, and multinational corporations, and to invest in Amer-ican workers and not offshoring. So I just want to thank the gen-tleman from California so much for let-ting me come today and talk about this new bill that was introduced. I think it is totally consistent with our better deal, better wages, better future, and better jobs for America. I thank Congressman G
ARAMENDI so much for his leadership on this issue. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman so very much for bringing the voice of Chicago to the floor on a very good piece of legisla-tion. I believe that has already gone across the desk, and I didn’t get a chance to sign on to it before the gen-tlewoman put it across the desk, but I will forgive the gentlewoman for that. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I am going to come to the gentleman right now and get his signature. Mr. GARAMENDI. As a proud mem-ber of the Blue Collar Caucus, I thank the gentlewoman for both wearing blue and bringing a message from that cau-cus. It is extremely important. The Make It In America agenda, which we have been talking about here for at least the last 8 or 9 years, has all of these pieces. The gentlewoman talked about trade, taxes, infrastruc-ture, education, and labor—all the pieces of this puzzle. As we discussed today, there are pro-grams that are clearly going to be at risk. If the Jones Act somehow gets re-pealed or gets waived or otherwise is made less effective, then there are some 400,000 jobs in American ship-yards across the Nation that will be lost. These are shipyards in Philadel-phia, the Gulf Coast, and out in the West, as we heard Ms. J
AYAPAL talk about Seattle. San Diego has a major shipyard, the NASSCO shipyard. These are places where the Jones Act allows for Amer-ican ships to be built not in China, but, rather, in America. Make It In Amer-ica. The Jones Act does that. Mr. Speaker, I will give you a couple of examples. One of the companies that ships goods from Jacksonville, Florida, to Puerto Rico is the TOTE shipping company. They recently spent nearly $400 million on two of the most ad-vanced clean energy ships anywhere in the world. b1900 These ships were built in San Diego. They are LNG-powered, natural gas- powered ships, and they are now plying the Jacksonville-Puerto Rico trade twice a week, back and forth. Crowley is another company oper-ating in that same area, again, twice a week, back and forth. They, too, will soon have LNG-powered ships oper-ating in that area—ships built in America with American workers and American steel, American engines, and the rest. So this is critically important. There are 100,000 jobs in the shipyards. If we repeal the Jones Act, they are gone and, along with it, the ability of the American shipbuilding industry to sup-ply commercial ships to move critical national security men and equipment wherever it needs to go in the world. The U.S. military is dependent on the American merchant marine system to move 90 percent of the personnel, equipment, supplies, tanks, artillery, and all the rest around the world. We have huge airplanes. They are essen-tial. We see those operating in Puerto Rico now. But they are not supplying the great mass of goods and services that are needed. So the plea from all of us who under-stand what the Jones Act is really about is to say don’t do away with this critical piece of America’s infrastruc-ture. At the hearing today, I heard my Re-publican colleague, Mr. HUNTER , chair-man of the committee, quote the great free market idol, Adam Smith. All too often, the free marketers of the world read those paragraphs that serve their purposes, but if they were to read the next few paragraphs in Adam Smith’s work, ‘‘The Wealth of Nations,’’ they would read that Adam Smith said very clearly at the period of time he was writing that it was abso-lutely essential for the British Govern-ment to protect the British merchant marine and the British maritime indus-try. That same admonition should come to the American Congress the same way: protect this vital industry, pro-tect the merchant marines. We do not want and we cannot have foreign ships, foreign tugboats, foreign barges operating up and down the Mis-sissippi River. What are they carrying? They are carrying gasoline, diesel oil, natural gas, volatile substances. They are car-rying cement. They are carrying grain. Do you want to have Yemeni sailors on the Mississippi? Do you want to have ships owned by China, tugboats, barges owned by China on the Mis-sissippi River? If that is what you want, then do away the Jones Act, because that is ex-actly what would happen. If you want good American wages with good Amer-ican mariners operating on the inland waterways through the Gulf Coast and up the East Coast, if that is what you want, then you better keep the Jones Act. If you do away with the Jones Act, it is guaranteed we will have the elimi-nation of the American maritime in-dustry. If you want American ships operating on the West Coast from Seattle to An-chorage, then you better keep the Jones Act, similarly with Hawaii and Guam. Most of all, do you want to have the United States military phone China and say: We need to ship a few things to the South China Sea to deal with your encroachment on the islands in the South China Sea; gee, Mr. China, would you please send us some ships so that we can put the military equip-ment on those ships? Is that what we want? For those men and women here in this Congress and the Senate that want to do away with the Jones Act, think about it. If you do away with the Jones Act, you do away with the American merchant marine. Then this country relies upon China, the largest ship- owning nation in the world, or maybe sailors from wherever. What back-ground would they have? So let’s pay attention here. Adam Smith said to the British Government: Maintain the cabotage laws. Do not allow the maritime industry for Great Britain to go away. So we should be paying attention to the master of the free market system, who wasn’t totally for the free market but understood the necessity of pro-tecting certain industries that are crit-ical to the future of a country. One more thing is on my mind. Two years ago, the Congress of the United States decided that we ought to, for the first time in some 50 years, export our crude oil. We have been exporting natural gas in the form of liquefied natural gas for some time. We added to that the export of oil. Is that strategic national asset on American ships with American sailors? The answer is no. But if we passed a couple of paragraphs of law and re-quired, as we once did with the North Slope oil when that opened up in the sixties, that that oil be transported on American-built ships with American sailors, if we were to reinstitute that law for just a small percentage of the strategic national asset, crude oil and natural gas, just a small percentage of that on American-built ships with American sailors, we could build ships in America. Not just a few ships, but over the course of the next 20 or 30 years, 50 or 60 ships, providing thou-sands upon thousands of jobs in our American shipyards. Right now, where are those ships built? China, Japan, and Korea, but not in America. We ought to pay attention to the 1960 law that opened up the North Slope of Alaska that required that oil from Alaska be on American- built ships with American sailors. That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.105 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7736 October 3, 2017 
lasted for almost 40 years. Then slowly, slowly it was set aside. Now that oil is on ships that are built in China, Korea, and Japan. If we want good-paying jobs in Amer-ica, if we want a better future, if we want better jobs, if we want an oppor-tunity for Americans to earn a good middle class wage in the shipyards on the ships, then maintain the Jones Act and think seriously about a law that would create even more jobs in Amer-ican shipyards. We will soon be introducing a bill called the Energizing American Mari-time Act. Using a strategic national asset that we are now able to export, natural gas and oil, we require that a small percentage of that—not 50 per-cent, not 70 percent, not even 40 per-cent, but maybe 20 percent—be on American ships with American sailors. There are many, many things we can do to create good-paying jobs in Amer-ica. The Jones Act is one such law that has been in place for nearly a century. It served America well and will con-tinue to serve America well if we main-tain it and if we don’t allow waivers that simply blow holes in that law, and if we take a strong Make It In America agenda. The President likes to talk about it, but talk is cheap. Legislation makes that talk real. Trade policy, taxes: We just heard about the patriot tax encouraging American businesses with real tax in-centives and discouraging American businesses that want to offshore the jobs. Energy policy: I think I just talked about energy policy a moment ago. Put that oil and natural gas on American ships. Labor: Good-paying jobs in the ship-yards, good-paying jobs on the ships. Education: The maritime academies provide the education that is necessary to do that. Infrastructure: Freight movement, the ports, channels deepening, main-taining the locks on the Mississippi and the Ohio. Infrastructure, again, good-paying jobs. We can do a lot. It takes laws and it takes men and women on the Demo-cratic side and the Republican side that come together and say: We can do this. We can do this for America and for America’s workers. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
WESTERN CAUCUS: WILDFIRES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
OSAR ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to bring this Chamber’s attention to the devastating wildfires that have ravaged the Nation this year. The National Interagency Fire Cen-ter reports that there have been 49,563 fires that have burned 8,422,251 acres so far in 2017. Wow. Another 80 million throughout the country are at high- risk status, including one-quarter of the 193 million-acre National Forest System. Though the Forest Service has spent a record $2.3 billion to fight fires in 2017, these resources are being spent on the back end. Mr. Speaker, the country has lit-erally been on fire, particularly West-ern communities. It is far past time that this Chamber pass H.R. 2936 and get serious about combating cata-strophic wildfires before they get start-ed. Mr. WESTERMAN ’s bipartisan bill adopts a forward-thinking, active man-agement strategy and also provides al-location reforms that would cease the practice of fire borrowing. I will likely have more comments later, but we have a few folks pressed for time, so I am going to end my com-ments there. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ), my friend. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I really appreciate the gentleman’s efforts to be able to highlight the threat from wildfires that we are having in the West. Mr. Speaker, in recent weeks, the aftermath of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma have dominated our news cycles. Our hearts certainly go out to the peo-ple who have been impacted as they re-build their lives and continue to work to ensure that they have the resources they need. When we hear the term ‘‘natural dis-aster,’’ most of us probably think of hurricanes, tornadoes, or earthquakes. Unless you come from the Western United States, you probably don’t think of wildfires as a natural disaster. But they are, and they have dev-astating effects. Wildfire season is a part of life in the West, but this year’s fire season is shaping up to be the worst in history. Years of mismanagement of our na-tional forests have led to conditions where fires are burning longer and hot-ter than ever before. We need to address this problem on two fronts: one, through better forest management; and, two, by updating wildfire response so it is more in line with the Federal response to other nat-ural disasters. On the forest management front, we need to give the Forest Service the tools to engage in actual forest man-agement. This means removing the dead and downed timber that serves as a fuel source for either man-made or naturally occurring fires, empowering local foresters and land managers to identify and designate areas of high risk, and supporting collaboration be-tween all levels of government. These principles are laid out in the Resilient Federal Forests Act by my colleague, Mr. WESTERMAN from Ar-kansas. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation. We must also reform the Federal budgeting process for wildfire preven-tion and the suppression efforts. For too long, the process the Federal Gov-ernment has used to allocate money to fight catastrophic wildfires has under-mined forest management efforts that could prevent these types of fires from igniting in the first place. Under current law, if firefighting costs exceed an agency’s budget, it must shift money from non-firefighting accounts to make up the difference. Last year, the Forest Service had to transfer $700 million from other budg-eted line items to cover firefighting costs, which brought the agency’s total firefighting efforts to about 55 percent of the entire budget. You would think that firefighting wouldn’t be the biggest line item in the budget for an agency tasked with maintaining healthy forests. It is crit-ical that we treat wildfires like other natural disasters after an agency’s wildfire suppression funds are ex-hausted. The cost of any extraordinary firefighting that goes beyond the agen-cy’s annual budget should be funded through a budget cap adjustment simi-lar to what is used by FEMA for other natural disasters. It is my hope that we can continue to bring more attention to wildfires that are burning across the West and the impacts they are having on our com-munities, and also that we can work together to advance policies that bet-ter support forest management and fire prevention and suppression efforts and forest health. b1915 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the vice chairman for his comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ). Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Ari-zona, who I consider a friend and one of the great leaders in the Congress, for leading this Special Order and for bringing this important matter before the Chamber. 2017 will go down as the worst wild-fire season in history. My home State of Utah has definitely felt the effects. In June, the Brian Head fire burned more than 71,000 acres in my State. It burned for nearly a month, creating more than $36 million in damage. And that doesn’t count the millions—indeed tens of millions of dollars it took to fight the fire. While the fire was burning through my district, I was able to meet with local, State, and Federal leaders to take a tour of the fire and to survey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.107 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7737 October 3, 2017 
the damage and to try to find a solu-tion. The images I saw as I toured this fire were truly heartbreaking. Dozens of evacuated homes, burned homes, ru-ined forests, firefighters and volunteers who were working day and night to try to contain the fire, ash-filled lakes. I took more than an hour in a heli-copter to fly around the circumference of this fire. As I was flying around looking down, thinking about, among other things, the wildlife that had been devastated by this fire, I wondered: How long will it take for us to recover from this, for this beautiful landscape to recover? And I can promise you this, it will not happen in my lifetime. My family owns a ranch, and almost 70 years ago, we had a similar fire. You can still see the scars from that fire, which is several generations now. One incident manager told me: ‘‘In 29 years of fighting fires, I have never seen a fire move so fast, burn so quick-ly and so hot that it could not be con-trolled or fought head-on.’’ You have to wonder: Why is that? The answer is very unfortunate. It is due to mismanagement. Current mismanagement—and it is mismanagement—has left our forests vulnerable to insects and disease that make for a ripe forest for catastrophic fires. These heavy-handed regulations paralyze forest managers so they can’t accomplish the critical tasks that are necessary for proper forest manage-ment. This failure to treat high-risk areas and to remove hazardous buildup has left our land susceptible to fires that grow in size, severity, and cost. So you have to ask yourself: What is the answer? How do we stop this? How do we stop it from happening again? And the answer is really quite sim-ple. Federal policies have contributed to recent catastrophic fires, and wild-life management begins with proper land management. That is why I support Representative W
ESTERMAN ’s bipartisan Resilient Fed-eral Forests Act, which allows agencies to do this work so that we can prevent these catastrophic wildfires. I look forward to the House passing this important legislation. Let us bring back the beauty of our forests. Let us bring back the health of our forests. Let us prevent these catastrophic fires that rage out of control. I thank Mr. G
OSAR for bringing this again to the floor. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Utah, who has seen the challenging aspects and destruction from the fires, for his remarks. I also now want to acknowledge my friend from Montana, who is actually still seeing the ravaging of the fires. In fact, Seeley Lake, Montana, set a record for the worst air quality ever re-corded there, 18 times greater than the EPA safe particulate limit. Wow, that is a record that we have got to stop. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ). Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for bringing the attention of the House to this important matter. This summer, we had catastrophic wildfires in Montana. We burned 1.2 million acres. That is the equivalent of the size of the State of Delaware. I have seen this destruction firsthand. I visited with incident commanders and firefighters on five separate wildfires this summer. In Lincoln County, the air quality was so unhealthy that teachers pro-vided masks to the kids in school so they could breathe. In August, I had Secretary Zinke and Secretary Perdue come to Montana and tour the Lolo Peak fire, one of the most expensive fires that was fought this summer. I have worked to bring relief to Mon-tanans. In July, emergency relief for farmers and ranchers was provided by opening up the C.M. Russell recreation area to grazing. We had hungry cows left from pasture being consumed and grass available. It was a commonsense solution to put those two together. Also in July, we successfully urged FEMA Director Brock Long to recon-sider their denial of one of our fires and declare Montana eligible for emergency funds. For these two things, I am thankful. So the negative impact has been se-vere. And while there has been some re-lief, including welcome rain and snow, we can’t rely on that. Again, this sum-mer, over a million acres burned in Montana alone; we lost two fire-fighters; livelihoods were threatened; wildlife habitats were destroyed; smoke hung in the air; and ash rained down on our homes and our cars. Air quality reached dangerous levels in our communities. In fact, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Montana donated 150 air filters to our schools so our children could breathe. I have also seen firsthand the posi-tive results of managed forests. Just 2 weeks ago, I toured a BLM forest near Miles City, Montana, and showed the effect of treating and managing forests. A fire burned in 2015 through a forest through the crowns, and when it reached a forest that had been man-aged, the fire quickly dropped into the undergrowth, burned through the grass, but none of the trees were lost. In the untreated forest, there is just dead trees that won’t recover in our lifetime. In the treated area, all of the trees survived. In fact, when an over-grown forest is thinned, more surface water came back, there is better habi-tat for wildlife, and we just have a bet-ter result. I saw that also on the Roaring Lion fire, which occurred in the Bitterroot Valley in 2016, where, there, private property owners had managed their private property. When the fire on pub-lic land reached there, it was quickly extinguished and hundreds of homes were saved. So the benefits of properly managed forests are clear. We have healthier forests. There is more wildlife, more hunting, more recreational opportuni-ties, more good-paying jobs, and wildfires are less severe. One of the biggest problems we have is litigation. We need more collabo-rative projects, but litigation is one of the greatest problems. Parties come to the table in good faith, they work col-laboratively only to be overturned by court action by radical environmental extremists. The Stonewall Vegetation Project in Lincoln, Montana, is a good example. Here, the Forest Service worked to-gether with local landowners over a 8- year period to develop a collaborative forest management project. Once it was approved a year ago, the lawyers swooped in, arguing the project would disrupt lynx habitat. The judge over-turned the decision. Fires raged this summer. Now there is no more habitat for lynx, and all that carbon has been released into atmosphere. Benefits of forest management are clear. As I have mentioned, healthier forests, more wildlife, more hunting, jobs, and less severe fires. It is time to act. We can’t control the weather, but we can control how we manage our for-ests. It is time to reform our forest management by passing BRUCE  W
ESTERMAN ’s Resilient Federal Forests Act, and we also must put common-sense guardrails on the Endangered Species Act to reduce frivolous law-suits. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Montana, who I am sorry to see have such a hard time this year in forest management, for his remarks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ), my friend and colleague. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman G
OSAR of the Western Caucus for arranging this Spe-cial Order tonight and especially for his exemplary leadership as chairman of the Western Caucus. The wildfire crisis facing our forests across the West comes down to a very simple adage. Excess timber comes out of the forest one way or the other. It is either carried out or it burns out, but it comes out. When we carried out our excess tim-ber, we had healthy resilient forests and we had thriving, prosperous com-munities. Excess timber sales from Federal lands not only generated reve-nues for our mountain communities, but created thousands of job. But in the 1970s, we adopted laws like the National Environmental Policy Act and the Endangered Species Act that have resulted in endlessly time-con-suming and cost-prohibitive restric-tions and requirements that have made the scientific management of our for-ests virtually impossible. Timber sales from our Federal lands has dropped 80 percent in the inter-vening years, with a concomitant in-crease in forest fires. In California alone, the number of saw mills has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.110 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7738 October 3, 2017 
dropped from 149 in 1981 to just 27 today. Timber that once had room to grow healthy and strong now fights for its life against other trees trying to oc-cupy the same ground. Average tree density in the Sierra Nevada is three to four times the den-sity that the land can actually support. In this weakened condition, trees lose their natural defenses to drought and disease and pestilence, and they ulti-mately succumb to catastrophic wild-fire. Three years ago, an estimated 25 mil-lion trees in the Sierra fell victim to these stressors. Two years ago, that number doubled to 50 million trees. Last year, more than 100 million dead trees are now waiting to burn in the Si-erra. Well, after 45 years of experience with these environmental laws—all passed with the promise that they would improve our forest environ-ment—I think we are entitled to ask: How’s the forest environment doing? All around us the answer is damning. These laws have not only failed to im-prove our forest environment, but they are literally killing our forests. The same politicians responsible for these failed laws have recently con-jured up two new excuses. One is cli-mate change. The other is that we are putting out too many fires. Putting out too many fires? That invites an important question: Exactly which fires did they propose that we allow to burn? Perhaps the King fire that almost wiped out the towns of Georgetown and Foresthill on its way to Lake Tahoe in 2014? Or perhaps the Detwiler fire this year that almost wiped out the town of Mariposa on its way to the Yosemite Valley? Or any one of the more than 1,000 fires in the Sierra that CAL FIRE has put out this year, any one of which could have grown into a megafire but for the vigilance and competence of our fire agencies? Which of these fires would they allow to burn into a conflagration? True, controlled burns play an impor-tant role in clearing out underbrush, but as firefighters bitterly complained to me at the command center at the Detwiler fire this year, these same laws make it virtually impossible to get permits to do the controlled burns. The other reason that we hear is cli-mate change. Well, let’s put that to the smell test. Throughout our vast for-ests, it is often very easy to visually identify the property lines between well-managed private forests and the neglected Federal lands. Now, I have seen it myself on aerial inspections. The private managed for-ests are green, healthy, and thriving. The neglected Federal forests are densely overcrowded and often scarred by fire because we can’t even salvage the fire-killed timber while it still has value. You can literally tell from the condition of the forest where the prop-erty line is. How clever of our climate to know exactly what is the boundary line between private and government lands. And if carbon dioxide is the problem, doesn’t it make sense to mill fully grown trees to sequester the carbon and replace them with young, growing trees that absorb much higher levels of carbon? But, again, these same laws prevent this. This is not complicated. Our forests are catastrophically overgrown. Drought is a catalyst. It is not the cause. In overgrown forests, much snow evaporates in dense canopies and can-not reach the ground. The transpira-tion volume in an overgrown forest is a big problem in a normal rain year; in a drought, it becomes lethal. Pestilence is a catalyst; it is not a cause. Healthy trees can naturally re-sist bark beetles; stressed trees cannot. b1930 A properly managed forest matches the tree density to the ability of the land to support it, but we cannot prop-erly manage our forests because of the laws now in place. Mr. W
ESTERMAN ’s Resilient Federal Forests Act and other measures will re-store proper scientific management of our national forests, but we are run-ning out of time to enact them, be-cause we are running out of forests to save. Mr. Speaker, I again thank the gen-tleman for yielding today, I thank him for his leadership, and I thank him for arranging this hour tonight. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for his thoughts. He brought up some specific facts that need reiteration just because they are so plentiful. The Forest Service only harvested 2.5 billion board feet in 2016, compared to over 10 billion board feet in 1990. To make matters worse, litigation and other challenges have caused a signifi-cant reduction in active sawmills na-tionwide from over 1,300 in 1995, to just over 220 today. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ). Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for yield-ing and for his leadership on this, and to my other colleagues from the West, who understand what we face, the prob-lems we face, and what has happened to our forests. I stand united with all of you in the Western Caucus, because this is some-thing we have done some work on in the past and then we have been stalled out, especially in the last 8 years. I know that President Trump stands with us, wanting to pass legislation, get it down to his desk so he can sign it so we can begin to be better stewards of our great public forests, these public forest lands important to all of us. As we saw painfully this summer, smoke chokes our citizens, it chokes children. Literally, in my district, ele-mentary school children had to be sent home because of the smoke in their schools because of forest fires. In Oregon, we have seen some of the worst fires in our State’s history. It seemed as if every day came with new reports of more fire, more smoke. While this year’s fire season has been particularly intense and devastating, images like these are nothing new for Oregonians. Each summer, smoke has filled our skies in Oregon year after year after year. Vast swaths of our land in our beautiful State are charred. Unlike private forest owners, the State of Oregon, which I am very proud to be a resident of, and our forest pol-icy and tribal lands and county lands, after a fire, they go in and clean it up, they replant, they get a new, healthy, young forest growing, which if you are concerned about reducing carbon emis-sions, you want healthy trees, because they actually sequester carbon. Burned, dead, decaying old trees actu-ally emit carbon. So we can do good things for the ecology of our world by planting new trees after a fire. We will talk about that in a minute. Smoke inhalation has become a health hazard for Oregonians in their communities. I can’t tell you how many in my communities, day after day after day, were given warnings by our health authority that the air was too dangerous to breathe, that it was unhealthy to breathe. A recent study found that wildfires contribute three times as much fine particulate matter into the air as pre-viously thought, and this definitely can cause respiratory problems and make it difficult to breathe, as the citizens of our great State found this summer. Wildfires also pollute our atmosphere with carbon. In 2002, the Biscuit fire in southwest Oregon burned more than 500,000 acres, half a million acres. The carbon dioxide emitted during that fire amounted to almost one-quarter of the carbon dioxide emitted in the entire State of Oregon this year. By the way, we have burned 678,000 acres this year in Oregon at a cost of more than $340 million to fight those fires, State, local, and Federal costs, mostly Federal. Tomorrow, the Energy and Com-merce Committee, which I chair, will hold a hearing to take a look at the air impact of fires, in part because I have constituents who have seen that, in some cases, fires are not aggressively fought if they are in certain federally designated areas, wilderness areas. There is a temptation, apparently, to not use all our tools, and to instead let them burn. That doesn’t take into ac-count what happens to air quality and the health of our citizens when fires are allowed to ravage and burn. So we will take a look at the issues involving air quality and pollutants emitted into the atmosphere and dis-cuss how better management of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.111 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7739 October 3, 2017 
forests could help prevent catastrophic fires and actually protect our airshed and our health. Each of us today faces a similar situ-ation. Devastating fires ignite across the West as fuel loads build across our public lands—Mr. M
CCLINTOCK did a great job laying that out—while bro-ken Federal forest policy stands in the way of better management, healthier air, protection of our habitat and our watersheds and our streams and our forested communities. 8.2 million acres burned this year. By the way, my colleagues, that is an area larger than Maryland, it is three-and-a- half or so times the size of, I believe, Puerto Rico, which has been wiped out. We talk about the devastation and dis-aster there and in the Virgin Islands and every other place, but somehow we sort of overlook the fact that we lose this almost every year in our West and in our forested land. Communities watched their mills close, meanwhile, as Federal policy and lawsuits and litigation has prevented proper management of our forests. So we have lost our jobs, we have lost our infrastructure, we have lost the reve-nues for our schools, and, in some cases, for basic services like law en-forcement. Now, promises that somehow recre-ation and outdoor activities would re-place those good family-wage jobs, tourism, they are falling short, because guess what, events are being canceled because now the fires are destroying the airshed. Constituents of mine have been send-ing photos this year about some of the fires. This one right here is from Mike, who was returning from a hunting trip just a few weeks ago. This was the Eagle Creek fire burning in the scenic Columbia River Gorge area between Cascade Locks and where I live in Hood River. We had an evacuation notice within a half a mile of where I live on Rand Road. It was level 1, but they had them higher than that as you got closer to this fire. Meanwhile, events like Cycle Oregon, its 30th anniversary, canceled because of the smoke; Sisters Folk Festival canceled because of the smoke. Down in Ashland, the Oregon Shakespeare Theater, world-renowned festival, they had to cancel nine of their shows at a cost of $400,000 direct revenue loss, not to mention the concerns they have about indirect loss, people who didn’t show up for other performances, and might even affect their annual sales. People are really tired of this. They expect this Congress to take action to try and protect and become good stew-ards of our national forest land, but this picture tells you what we faced. The Columbia Gorge, where I grew up right near here, I can’t remember a time the freeway was closed as long as it was this summer. We had to go over across the river to Washington to our good friends on Highway 14. All the freeway traffic was diverted there, and there is still one lane here that can’t pass, because now we are worried about mudslides and rockslides and trees coming down the hillsides. We need to get back to positive, ac-tive management in our Federal for-ests. Five years in a row, the U.S. House has enacted legislation, sent it over to the Senate, that would give our profes-sional foresters, our scientists, the tools that they clamor for and need to better manage our forests and reduce the overloading of debris, of dead and dying trees, open up these stands to what they should be naturally, get back in balance with nature. Every year this goes over to the other body, and somehow it never comes back. That has to change. So tonight, I thank my friend from Arizona who organized this. He knows what forest fires are like in Arizona. My colleague from Washington, my colleague from California, myself, our colleague from Montana, we have dealt with this year after year after year. Now, more than half of the Forest Service budget is spent fighting fire. That is not what we should do as a matter of bad policy. We need to change Federal policy. We need to let our scientists manage these forests, restore jobs to our forested communities, protect our airsheds, our watersheds, and get back in balance. So I commend my colleagues in the Western Caucus for moving this for-ward. I just finished a very positive meet-ing with the Speaker of the House, who is committed to helping us on this matter. I look forward to us having the opportunity to vote on the Resilient Federal Forests bill and get our Senate colleagues on board as well. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman so greatly for his indul-gence in coming down and expressing the problems that have been faced in Oregon and thank him for the timely hearing tomorrow in Energy and Com-merce. We certainly appreciate it. We need to enlighten all Americans as to the tragedy that is going on in our public Western lands. Mr. WALDEN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GOSAR. I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I hope they will tune in tomorrow and watch the testimony at that hearing. I think they will get a better understanding of what the people in our districts have faced. For a month this summer, schools had to be closed, festivals can-celed, people choking, going to the hos-pitals. This is serious stuff, and we need to address it. Mr. GOSAR. I want to highlight one thing that the gentleman actually brought to attention. Catastrophic fires also cause significant damage to the environment. Robust data from NASA has concluded that one cata-strophic wildfire can emit more carbon emissions in a few days than total ve-hicle emissions in an entire State over the course of the year. Phenomenal. We just have to make sure people under-stand. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. Mr. WALDEN. We appreciate it. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ), my dear friend. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Arizona, my good friend, Mr. G
OSAR , for holding this Special Order and for giving us the opportunity not only to address the House on this very important issue, but also to address our Nation. Mr. Speaker, this year alone, over 8 million acres have burned across our country. And get this: ten times that, another 80 million acres, are considered high risk to threat of catastrophic wildfires. If this doesn’t amount to a national disaster, nothing does. If we don’t ac-knowledge that it does, this will only continue to devastate our rural com-munities across the Nation. The previous speaker, my friend from Oregon, talked about the impact of the health to people living in these com-munities. I could attest to you myself, living in central Washington, we had smoke where the visibility was less than a quarter of a mile for weeks at a time. I knew people who had chronic coughs as a result of this smoke. My-self, get this: I had to come back to our Nation’s Capital for my cough to clear up over our August break. The air was that bad. So, Mr. Speaker, this evening, as you have heard from my colleagues from across the Western United States, as we gather to draw attention to this devastation, these catastrophic wildfires, what they pose to our com-munities, so States from Arkansas to Arizona, from Colorado to California, Montana to New Mexico, from Wyo-ming, from Oregon, to the great State of Washington, we are here to stress the importance of addressing the bro-ken funding systems as well as the lack of resources that are necessary to ade-quately prevent and then suppress and fight these wildfires. So we gather to highlight the dire need to reform the mismanagement of our Federal forests, which leads to the exacerbation of this devastation. Mr. Speaker, we gather to give voice to our often forgotten communities and our constituents. Now, you have heard these Special Orders before. We as Members of Con-gress take these good opportunities to simply speak about a problem and bring light to its actuality, to let peo-ple know about it, but tonight is dif-ferent, because my colleagues and I are here not just to talk about this, not just to highlight the major problem of wildfires across the country, but, in fact, we bring good news as well. We offer solutions to this important issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.113 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7740 October 3, 2017 
So this evening, I rise in support and urge support of two provisions origi-nating right here in Congress, the peo-ple’s House, to address these issues. First of all, H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act, which is spon-sored by my good friend from the State of Arkansas, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , which addresses the disastrous consequences of catastrophic wildfires by utilizing tools the Forest Service and other agencies can use to reduce the threats that are posed by wildfires, by insects, by disease infestation, and dangerous old forest overgrowth that serve as a tinderbox for wildfires. This legislation would enable the necessary management techniques to address our forest health crises and sig-nificantly improve the resiliency of our Nation’s forests. On top of that, H.R. 167, the Wildfire Disaster Funding Act, which is spon-sored by my good friend and colleague from Idaho, Mr. S
IMPSON , fixes the way that we budget for wildfire suppression by treating these catastrophic wildfires like any other natural disaster, which they are. Currently, agencies like the Forest Service are forced to borrow funding from accounts outside of their fire-fighting in order to address these fire suppression costs. This has become known as fire borrowing. This tool was intended to be an extraordinary meas-ure, but in the past 8 of the last 12 years, the Forest Service has had to move funds from other operating ac-counts to fight these fires. Mr. Speaker, this problem is sys-temic, it is dire, and we must address it. b1945 The Wildfire Disaster Funding Act is a necessary solution to solve the crisis. Mr. Speaker, the fourth district of the State of Washington, which I am proud to call my home, has been dev-astated by wildfires in recent years, from the Carlton Complex Fire of 2014, which at the time was the largest in State history, to the Okanogan Com-plex Fire, which only the next year surpassed that record. In addition to that, we lost three firefighters in the process. Our communities know what it means to live with the overwhelming consequences of continual disastrous wildfires year after year after year, and it doesn’t have to be this way. We can solve this problem. My colleagues and I gather tonight to shed light on this problem and to offer solutions and to let our constitu-ents know that we will not give up in this effort. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Washington. Mr. Speaker, the two speakers have now brought up the issue that the House has repeatedly passed resolu-tions and ideas in regards to funding and taking care and mitigating our for-est tragedy. There is an old adage around here that the Democrats may be the opposition, but the Senate is al-ways the enemy. What we are here to do is light a fire under the Senate. Their talk is cheap; their actions speak. So let’s light a fire. To do that, I now yield to the gen-tleman whose Resilient Federal For-ests Act is the topic for this evening, H.R. 2936. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN .) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) for his lead-ership in setting up this Special Order on the importance of proper forest management, proper forest manage-ment on our Nation’s Federal lands. I would also like to thank him for his unwavering support of my bill, H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. It is my sincere hope that we see H.R. 2936 move off the floor of the House with strong bipartisan support and then move through the Senate and get it on the President’s desk so he can sign this and we can start the process of reversing something that has been going on for many years. As a person educated in forestry, I can tell you that forests grow slowly. We almost don’t recognize the change in the forest because it happens so slowly over time. But given enough years, we see what has happened to our timberland out West. I have a map here of all the forest fires that we have seen out West this summer. We didn’t just get to this point over-night. It happened over a series of years. It happened when, back in the 1990s, I believe, we had an overreaction to probably some forest management practices that weren’t the best that they could be. The pendulum swung way too far, and we got in a position where, what I say is, we were loving our trees to death, and we stopped managing our trees. But we kept putting fires out, and fire is nature’s natural way to manage overgrown forests. So what we have seen happen over time is we have seen more insects and disease infestations. As these trees grow closer together and fill the growing space, they start com-peting for water; they start competing for sunlight; they compete for nutri-ents; they become weak, and they be-come susceptible to insect attacks; they become susceptible to disease; and then they die. We get lightning strikes or we get fires to get out, and then we are dealing with a catastrophic event. But it doesn’t have to be this way. If we would employ sound forest manage-ment practices, we can do a lot to miti-gate the intensity and the number of these fires. As we look at issues that are created with these fires, we know that this has been the worst fire season on record, but it broke the record that was set in 2015 as the worst fire season on record. I predict that, if we don’t start man-aging our forests now, in the next com-ing years we are going to see new worst fire seasons on record. This is a process that will continue to get worse unless we address the problem. It is to the point where it is going to take time to reverse what has happened and to get the forest back into a healthy state. I was notified this week about a sheep farmer down here in southeast Wyoming, in Torrington, who was a young guy getting into the business, and he lost five sheep. He took them to the veterinarian to do a postmortem analysis and found out they died from smoke inhalation. Now, the fire that was creating the smoke that was drifting down there was about 800 miles away in Montana. If it is causing that kind of health risk to sheep, what is it doing to the resi-dents that live out here? I know that there have been schools closed, there have been people who have to stay in-doors, but this creates a health risk. It is more than just a risk to healthy for-ests. It is a risk to healthy humans. We have got another map here, and this shows the smoke drift on a par-ticular day. I believe this was Sep-tember 14. This is a map that was pro-duced by NOAA, and you can see where the fires were, and you can see how the winds carry the smoke. The red shows the most intense areas of smoke, the lighter green the intermediate, and then the darker green shows where the least smoke intensity was. This map really illustrates how fires in certain areas, the smoke gets picked up by the wind and gets carried to dif-ferent places across the country. When I look at this map of the West-ern United States—and me being from Arkansas, some might ask: How do these fires affect forestry in Arkansas? Well, we have talked about fire bor-rowing. When we take money from one account in the Forest Service budget and put it in the firefighting account, that takes money away from manage-ment practices that could take place on the forest in Arkansas and other places to the east where we don’t have as many catastrophic fires. On top of that, we see how the smoke drift af-fects many, many parts of the country. When we think about the smoke, what is that smoke? It is mainly car-bon. One of the main purposes of a healthy forest is to fulfill the cycle of photosynthesis, where it pulls carton dioxide out of the atmosphere, takes that in through the leaves, converts it into sugars, and releases oxygen back into the air. The forests clean the air except when they are burning at the rate that they are burning right now, at 8.5 million acres of our Federal timberland that went up in smoke, put-ting hundreds of millions of tons of carbon into the atmosphere. If we want to talk about taking carbon out of the atmosphere, the solution to that is a healthy forest. But not only do forests clean the at-mosphere, they clean the water. The more ground cover we have, the more water gets filtered as it goes into the ground, as it goes into streams. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.115 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7741 October 3, 2017 
But overstocked forests can also pre-vent water from actually getting into the ground table and getting into streams. In areas in the West where we are having water shortage problems, proper management of forests can help to alleviate those problems. We are not talking about clear-cut-ting. I get so tired of people saying, ‘‘All they want to do is clear-cut our Federal forests.’’ We don’t want to clear-cut the Federal forests. We want to manage them. We want to use prac-tices like thinning from below, where we take out small stock, where we take out the smaller trees. Some of it is merchantable; some of it is not. We can produce timber that can be used in the rural areas where it is grown to help the economies out there. But the end goal is to have a healthy forest with larger trees spaced further apart without all the fuel ladders going down to the ground so that, when a fire moves through these areas, it burns at a low temperature through the ground. And guess what. That creates great wildlife habitats when we do that. There are so many benefits of having a healthy forest, and as a forester, a forester who was trained at a school that was started by Gifford Pinchot, who is the father, along with Teddy Roosevelt, of our Federal forests, it is embarrassing to me what has happened to our Federal lands across this coun-try. Roosevelt and Pinchot talked about conservation. They talked about leav-ing our resources in better shape than we found them in. Right now, we are not doing that. We are allowing the lack of management to destroy these resources for future generations. We are allowing the lack of management to emit hundreds of millions of tons of carbon into the atmosphere and also take that vegetation away that pro-vides wildlife habitat, that provides a filter for clean water, and that provides timber that is pulling carbon out of the atmosphere. We can do better than this. We have provisions in the Resilient Federal For-ests Act to allow the Forest Service to actually manage the timber. We re-quire them to do a no-management analysis, because when you look at the dynamic nature of a forest, if you say, ‘‘We are not going to do anything,’’ well, you just made a management de-cision. Again, the trees are living, growing organisms. Even though the Forest Service says, ‘‘We are not managing it,’’ they are going to continue to grow. They are going to fill the growing space. If we continue to suppress fire, the fuel load is going to get worse, and we are going to have more and more forests subject to catastrophic wildfire of, I believe it is, 192 million acres of Federal timberland in this country. About 60 million acres right now, ac-cording to the Forest Service, is sub-ject to catastrophic wildfire. It is time to act. We have waited too long, and the problem continues to get worse. It will continue to get more se-vere as time moves on if we don’t start intervening now. Mr. G
OSAR , I want to again thank you for putting this together, for the efforts that you are putting forth so that we can take a proactive stance to make not only our air cleaner by not having all these catastrophic wildfires, but to conserve our forests so that they are healthy, so that they are func-tioning the way that they should be. I want to thank you again for all that you are doing, the work for the Western Caucus and all the members here, realizing, on both sides of the aisle, how important it is that we do the right thing, that we pass H.R. 2936, and that we start addressing this prob-lem now. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas for his excellent leadership. He is very mod-est. Listen, folks, I made a comment. Around here in Washington, D.C., we talk about the Democrats being the op-position and the Senate being the prob-lem. Well, as you know, this is a very bipartisan bill. He is very modest. Let’s go back through what H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act, ac-tually does. It allows for the streamlined review of projects up to 30,000 acres if the management strategy is put forward by collaborative stakeholders. Imagine that, something so simple. It also requires litigants opposing ac-tive management projects to propose an alternative proposal as opposed to just saying ‘‘no.’’ ‘‘No’’ isn’t a solution. It is what you are for. It removes incentives for extreme special interest groups to file frivolous lawsuits—boy, once again, coming to the table with a solution. It empowers local stakeholders and decisionmakers. So often we overlook the people on the ground, on Main Street, who have to live with the con-sequences for bad policy decisions. It also empowers Tribal communities to be part of the solution and to help reduce the risk of wildfire. We see this time and again, that the Native Tribes that are in charge of their forests have pristine management practices. H.R. 2936 also maintains current pro-tections for our environmentally sen-sitive areas, including wilderness and roadless areas. What a concession. We need to be clear about larger risk areas and get to these in a more timely manner that we really want to handle. This bill is good for forest-dependent species as it allows for improvements to their habitat. This bill adopts a forward-thinking, active management strategy that com-bats dangerous wildfires before they get started, which includes reforms that would end the practice of fire bor-rowing. I want to thank the gentleman for his excellent piece of legislation. It is time that it moves forward. Once again, it is not the House that is the problem, but our colleagues across the street. Once again, talk is cheap; actions speak. Americans need help. The fact that these disasters are quite natural might lead one to think they are inevitable, but according to forestry officials and experts, it is our stunted Federal forestry management and underfunded and misallocated For-est Service accounts that are to blame. b2000 Our system is broken. These fires start naturally and decimate our nat-ural ecosystems, but the ultimate cause at the level of their severity and recurrence is manmade. The facts about the relationship be-tween management and wildfires speak for themselves. Forest Service data in-dicates that active forest management reduces wildfire intensity, while im-proving forest health. In spite of this, only 1 to 2 percent of high risk areas are actively treated and subject to for-est management. The United States Forest Service ex-pends too many resources fighting fires after they break out to work to pre-vent them in any significant way be-fore they start. By performing routine thinning, culling hazardous fuels on the forest floors, and conducting con-trolled burns, they could accomplish exactly that, but such a course of ac-tion would require ample resources and wise allocation. As you could guess, my professional diagnosis is that both of those are in short supply. I hope my friends on the other side of the aisle are able to hear what I say next. If you care about carbon emis-sions, you should care deeply about this issue, no matter where you live in the country, no matter where you live. NASA data shows that one wildfire can emit more carbon in a few days than total vehicle emissions in a State for the whole year. To put it in per-spective, controlled burning releases roughly 10 percent as much, and is only one part of an overall active manage-ment strategy. So the correct choice in this situa-tion is obvious: we spend a little more on the front end so that we can save ourselves much of the economic, envi-ronmental, and familial displacement costs on the back end. These costs are year after year, and they are cata-strophic when they are left untreated. Treatment is the right course of ac-tion, but it requires a little bit of plan-ning, due diligence, and yes, action on our part. I know Congress is a big fan of the word, but when you look at the track record, Congress isn’t a big fan of actually acting. In response to this dire situation, Members of Congress from across the country will be sharing their thoughts and experiences within their home States. They will be discussing this during the year, and this past year of terrible wildfires. These are stories that need to be recounted. They will also be speaking about the solutions that we have come together 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.117 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7742 October 3, 2017 
with, for forestry officials and stake-holders across the country. Tackling this problem has become a collabo-rative and holistic national policy ef-fort, and the policy proposals we have produced are reflective of this fact. They are also bipartisan. But, Mr. Speaker, we can’t let this just be a rhetorical exercise. We are united in demanding Congress do some-thing. This Chamber has the knowledge and aptitude to deliver policy solu-tions. Now we need the political will to turn that knowledge into congressional action. Only then will huge portions of the country finally see some relief from these disasters. When your home is on fire, it is straightforward, it is a nonpartisan issue. You call the fire department, and after the problem is dealt with, you make sure that you eliminate what caused the fire so that you don’t see it again. Mr. Speaker, our Nation was on fire this year, and I demand that we, as this Chamber, unite in the same spirit of decisive problem solving as we do for our natural disasters. Let’s put these fires out, and then let’s stop the brunt for next year’s fires before they start. In my four terms as a Congressman from Arizona, I have had to witness the largest catastrophic fire in Arizona his-tory, and also the most catastrophic life-taking, the Yarnell fire. The first was the Wild Well fire in northeast Ari-zona, and the second was the Yarnell fire that is now in the movie theaters that took the lives of 19 firefighters. That is a travesty. This is something that gives when it is managed right. The people back home know the right answer. Let’s give them the tools, the working power, and the policy that allows them, instead of being victims, to be stalwart solutions for a policy that gives back. As the gentleman from Arkansas said, as Teddy Roosevelt said: Leave our natural resources better than we found them. Mr. Speaker, the speakers tonight shared their stories. We want America to hear those loud and clear. These are natural disasters no different than hur-ricanes, but these, in one case, are dif-ferent. They are manmade. Let’s bring this commonsense policy that Mr. W
ESTERMAN has put forward. He is a true advocate and smart in re-gards to those reforms; that is why we want to make sure that H.R. 2936 gets moved through this Chamber, and then put the onus back on the Senate, so that we actually reward the people for good policy and making sure that the victims are turned upside down and made stalwart solution makers. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF FANNIE LOU HAMER The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP -
SON) for 30 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, tonight, I am privileged to rise in support of recognizing a true hero in not only the State of Mis-sissippi, but this country as a whole. Her name is Fannie Lou Hamer. Fannie Lou Hamer will be 100 years old this week. I am happy to say that part of who I am can be attributed to my asso-ciation with Ms. Hamer. Mr. Speaker, before I get into my message, I would like to yield to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ). Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague and my friend, Mr. B
ENNIE THOMPSON , for organizing this important Special Order hour honoring his fellow Mis-sissippian, Ms. Fannie Lou Hamer. Yesterday, Cosmopolitan published an article written by Zerlina Maxwell, aptly titled ‘‘Trust Black Women.’’ In the article, Maxwell, a fellow New Jerseyian, quoted her colleague, who said: ‘‘Black women have been a part of every great movement that has hap-pened in this country. We always show up.’’ Tonight, we celebrate the birth of Fannie Lou Hamer, a black woman who, like many of us, always showed up. In 1964, Fannie Lou Hamer showed up at the Democratic National Conven-tion to speak on behalf of the Mis-sissippi Freedom Democratic Party and highlight the hurdles, both physical and political, that were preventing Blacks in the South from showing up at the ballot box. During her testimony, she recounted her 26-mile journey to Indianola, Mis-sissippi, to register to vote at the coun-ty courthouse where seven other men and women were looking to do the same. On the way, they encountered coordinated opposition from local and State law enforcement and men and women who sought to deter them from exercising their right to vote. Upon returning home, Fannie Lou Hamer found that she had been fired from her job. According to The New York Times, she said: ‘‘They kicked me off the plantation; they set me free. It is the best thing that could happen. Now I can work for my people.’’ That same year, Fannie Lou Hamer ran for Congress as a candidate from Mississippi’s Second Congressional Dis-trict. And even in her defeat, Ms. Hamer continued to show up and work for her people. In 2014, 50 years after her testimony and her run for Congress, residents in New Jersey’s 12th Congressional Dis-trict elected me, the State’s first ever African-American woman to represent them here in the House of Representa-tives. During my freshman term, I joined my two amazing colleagues, Represent-ative R
OBIN KELLY of Illinois and Rep-resentative Y
VETTE CLARKE e of New York, to form the first ever Congres-sional Caucus on Black Women and Girls, a body of elected officials who work to ensure that Congress shows up for us. And in 2016, I stood at the Demo-cratic National Convention, standing on the shoulders of Ms. Hamer’s legacy, and proudly told America that this Na-tion is stronger when everyone has a chance to succeed. Ms. Hamer would beam with pride knowing that my colleagues and I con-tinue to beat back hurdles placed at the feet of minorities and the poor that restrict their access to the vote. Ms. Hamer, however, would be very sad to know that, instead of being fired for trying to exercise the right to vote, they change polling places or amend requirements for valid identification. It is the same game, she would recog-nize, it is just different tactics. I am honored to stand here to honor the birthday of Ms. Fannie Lou Hamer, walk alongside her footsteps of great-ness and, like she so often did, lift as I climb. We as women, and women of color, have to be the standard bearers we have been and continue to be. We have always and will continue to fight for what is right and what is necessary, even if we must do this alone. As we battle back against the racism, the sexism, and the bigotry that runneth over in this administration, we must always be awake, alert, and to show up. Today, in honoring the birthday of Fannie Lou Hamer, we simultaneously celebrate the strength of women, the ways we can encourage one another to be our sisters’ keepers, and continue to build a future for the next generation of women ready and waiting to show up and to lead. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I will tell the gentlewoman from New Jersey that I had the oppor-tunity to meet Ms. Hamer as a young college student at Tougaloo College. Facts about it, one of the first cam-paigns I worked on as a college student was Ms. Hamer’s campaign for Con-gress, even though, as the gentle-woman indicated, she lost. But I now represent the Second District of Mis-sissippi, and it was Ms. Hamer’s spirit that still lives on. In Sunflower County, Mississippi, the majority of the population is African American. At the time she registered to vote, we had no African Americans elected officials in Sunflower County. I am happy to report to you now that the sheriff is African American; the chancery clerk, the circuit clerk, four of the five county supervisors are Afri-can American; so Ms. Hamer’s work has not been in vain. As you also indicated, the Devil is busy creating tricks to disenfranchise people—voter ID, closing voting polls, making it more difficult for people in rural areas to get to the polls to vote, especially in areas where you don’t have public transportation. So, Ms. Hamer’s 100th birthday should be spent rededicating ourselves 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.119 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7743 October 3, 2017 
to her legacy. One of the things that everyone loves to quote is Ms. Hamer’s words that she is ‘‘sick and tired of being sick and tired.’’ Well, that goes a long way, especially given the adminis-tration we are being challenged with here in Washington now. Hopefully, Ms. Hamer’s spirit will live on. Congresswoman K
AREN BASSand my-self visited Ms. Hamer’s grave this past Saturday in Ruleville, Mississippi, and it was very touching. The community, in her death, has really embraced not only she, but her husband, Pat, and created a monument downtown Ruleville to her memory. When I was a freshman Member of this body, I named the post office in Ruleville, Mississippi, after Ms. Hamer, and I am happy to say that the mayor of Ruleville, Mississippi, now is an Af-rican-American female. So Ms. Hamer’s legacy, her involve-ment with SNCC, her involvement with the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party, all those things have made not just Mississippi, but this country a bet-ter place—affordable housing, all those things that she wanted, access to not only healthcare, but access to afford-able healthcare, many of those items she talked about. As a Christian woman, she believed in nonviolence, but she also believed in direct action. She was assaulted in the Winona, Mississippi, jail for advocating the right to vote. b2015 In spite of what she encountered, she served as a shining example of what a truly committed individual can accom-plish. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I yield to the gentlewoman from New Jersey. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I did not ever have the pleas-ure and honor of meeting her in person, but I remember watching television during that Democratic National Con-vention, which was taking place in my home State in the great city of Atlan-tic City. I remember the conscious bearing en-ergy that evolved around all of that ac-tivity, and it made me very proud. And I would say that, indeed, Fannie Lou Hamer’s work has not gone, has not been in vain. But she also is smiling down knowing that what she started, you are continuing on, and that you are serving in the very district that she loved enough to fight for way back when. It is my honor to know you, and to know that you have been touched by her. So that means that with less than 6 degrees of separation, I have been touched by her, and that is my bless-ing. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to say to the gentlewoman that that 1964 Atlantic City Democratic National Convention set the tone for opening up the Demo-cratic Party to people of all races and colors because Mrs. Hamer challenged the all-White makeup of the Mis-sissippi delegation by saying Black people couldn’t participate. They were systematically excluded from the se-lection process, and she appealed to that convention to do better. I am happy, as you know, to report that the convention heard Mrs. Hamer and decided that an all-White delega-tion from the State with the highest percentage of African Americans in the country could not be justified. So the delegation was not only integrated at the convention, but, for a time, we shared the chairmanships of the party. We had a co-chair that was White and a co-chair that was African American. So Mrs. Hamer’s spirit still lives on. One of the real issues that really touches most of our hearts is that she was a very humble person. She had the kind of spirit in her delivery that you just had to pay attention to. She had the aura when she walked in a room that whatever you were doing, you had to stop and pay attention to this very simple person who came in. But every time she opened her mouth, something very prophetic would come out. So for a lot of individuals who think that Fannie Lou Hamer’s time has come and gone, I think it is fitting and proper that at this 100th birthday cele-bration, we recommit ourselves to many of the things that Mrs. Hamer stood for: inclusion; not leaving people out because they don’t live in the big house on the hill; to make sure that our children receive the best education possible. All of those things Mrs. Hamer was noted for. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I yield to the gentlewoman from New Jersey. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I think it is vitally important on this 100th anniversary of Ms. Hamer’s birth to also recognize that we are still fighting for the unfettered ac-cess to the vote, and that here in Con-gress, we have the opportunity to eliminate barriers and to fix the prob-lems with the Civil Rights Act that just negatively impacts access and un-fettered access to voting. There are just so many fundamental things that we could be doing today that honor the work that she did and that she gave her life’s work to. In closing for me, I want to just say that I thank the gentleman so very much for doing this because I know that there are people who listen to these moments of Special Orders hours on C–SPAN, or catch it in some other form. It is important for our commu-nities to recognize just how significant this woman’s role was in ensuring that they have the access to the things that they have access to today, and to de-mand their right to vote, and to exer-cise that right to vote every chance they get. I am very grateful for the gentleman carrying this message this evening. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the very kind comments. But to talk about Mrs. Hamer and her work is easy. It speaks for itself. I am very privileged, as I indicated, to have known her, to have participated in a number of meetings. One of the other things that I real-ized, she didn’t—as we used to say, there were no big Is and little yous. She saw everyone the same. It didn’t matter whether you belonged to the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Com-mittee, or the Black Panther Party, or the Deacons for Defense and Justice. You still had room at the table under Mrs. Hamer’s tutelage. Many of us are privileged to have known her in that way, and we try to pattern our lives after her. The National Council of Negro Women really worked very hard with Mrs. Hamer in producing affordable housing and to making sure that farm-ers cooperatives could be developed in the Mississippi Delta. Because as some would choose to forget, Mrs. Hamer was put off the plantation that she lived on because she was encouraging people to register and vote. But those were the times that we all lived in, and we saw it. When I ran for Congress, there were people who worked on farms who were required to work overtime so that they couldn’t go to the polls before they closed. So there are a lot of things that we saw during Mrs. Hamer’s time. The tricks are still being played. So it is in the spirit of Fannie Lou that we pay tribute tonight to her. It is in that spirit of Fannie Lou that we wish her a happy 100th birthday. But it is also in her spirit that, as they say in South Africa, ‘‘the struggle con-tinues,’’ ‘‘a luta continua.’’ I know in the Congressional Black Caucus we call ourselves the con-science of Congress. We have to be. If we don’t speak up for many of the peo-ple that Mrs. Hamer loved the most, who will? We were sent here to care for the opposition on behalf of the people who can’t afford to hire lobbyists; on behalf of the people who can’t get on a plane and fly to Washington and talk to their congressperson; on behalf of the little child who not only is strug-gling to get into the Head Start pro-gram, but whose parents are having a hard time. So our representation as members of the Congressional Black Caucus is predicated on many of the things that Mrs. Hamer stood for in her lifetime. We can’t ever forget her spirit. We can’t ever forget her energy. And even though we have the opportunity as Members of Congress to meet people from all over the world, one of the things that she used to say is: ‘‘You know, I walked among kings, but I have always kept the common touch.’’ It is in that spirit that I appreciate the gentlewoman helping me carry forth this time for Mrs. Hamer as she celebrates here 100th birthday. If the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.121 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7744 October 3, 2017 
gentlewoman has some closing com-ments or something she would like to add, I yield to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ). Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I would just like to note that there was an amazing demonstration of peo-ple in front of the Supreme Court de-manding that we do something about gerrymandering because that is an-other way of negatively impacting the impact of one man and one vote. So it is, again, fitting to be honoring this woman who gave her life’s work to ensuring that everybody who was eligi-ble to vote was given the right to vote; to eliminate any obstacles that were placed in their way so that we could open up opportunities to elect people who would be fair in the policies that are important; to ensure that there is equality of opportunity in this country for all people, predicated upon their ability to do the intellect and their willingness to work hard, therefore, the content of their character versus the color of their skin. So it is indeed an honor to have shared this moment with you. Thank you for the invitation. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Thank you very much Mrs. W
ATSON  C
OLEMAN for your participation. The last point I would like to make is, in Mrs. Hamer’s day, it was poll tax. It was: How many bubbles are in a bar of soap? How many grains of sand are on the beach? Now it is moving the polls in the in-terest of saving money, but you are disenfranchising people who don’t have the ability to go further. It is the ger-rymandering of districts so that you have the richest people in an area in the same district as the poorest people in that area. There are no real commu-nities of interest. If I am worried about paying the light bill or the rent, then there is a great possibility that I won’t go vote. But if I own a house and own a car and know where my next meal is coming from, I will go vote. So we have what we call communities of interest, and Mrs. Hamer talked about that. So, again, we wanted to make sure that this week did not go by without giving Mrs. Hamer her due recognition for her 100th birthday. There will be a lot of other activities after this Special Order hour in memory of Mrs. Hamer. We have a movie that will be pro-duced talking about her life and legacy and her contribution to this great country of ours. I look forward to that as well as making sure that our chil-dren and grandchildren understand who this great woman was and what she meant to this country of ours and so many of us who pattern after her. So, again, thank you very much. Mr. Speaker, I rise to call attention to Presi-dent Trump’s lack of concern for the thou-sands of Americans affected by the hurricanes throughout the U.S. and most recently in the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico, which has reminded us of the devastation Hurricane Katrina caused. Instead of showing compas-sion to those suffering, the president and his administration have condemned African-Amer-ican athletes and a Black, female sports com-mentator for exercising their constitutional right to protest and voice their opinions. Today, I stand with the athletes who choose to take a knee during the national anthem and those who speak out fighting against racial in-equality that still persists throughout this coun-try. I suggest President Trump spends less time tweeting discriminatory comments and more time focusing on the issues of our country. Tonight, I recognize a civil rights hero whose work is no small part of the reason I and many other African-American members of Congress are able to stand before you today. Ms. Fannie Lou Hamer was born in 1917 in Montgomery County, Mississippi. During the civil rights era, Ms. Hamer, at the age of just 6–years-old joined her family picking cotton on the plantation of W.D. Marlow in Sunflower County, Mississippi. Though, she began to pick cotton at a young age, Ms. Hamer was able to complete many years in school learning how to read and write, which helped her serve hundreds of African-Americans throughout her life. In the 1960s, Ms. Hamer joined the Student Non-Violent Coordinating Committee, an orga-nization providing African-Americans the op-portunity to register to vote. Ms. Hamer taught Black Mississippians how to read and write in order for them to pass discriminatory literacy tests designed to prevent Black Americans from registering to vote. In 1962, Ms. Hamer along with 17 Black Mississippians traveled by bus from Ruleville, Mississippi, to Indianola, Mississippi, to reg-ister to vote. Upon arrival, the group was blocked from entry by local law enforcement. But, Ms. Hamer and one of her fellow trav-elers were able to fill out a voter application and take the literacy test, but due to discrimi-nation the two were unable to register. This did not deter Ms. Hamer’s passion and willing-ness to fight racism throughout Mississippi. On the group’s way back to Ruleville, the bus was stopped by local police officers and the driver was arrested. In that very moment of racism and trail, Ms. Hamer began to sing Negro spirituals leaving a clear message to her oppressors that she would never give up. Her leadership was a beacon of hope for so many Black Mississippians that in 1964, Ms. Hamer ran for Congress to represent Mis-sissippi’s Second Congressional District as a Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party can-didate, a party which she founded to promote equal rights for African-Americans in Mis-sissippi. During the 1960s, very few women espe-cially women of color threw their hat into the ring for a Congressional bid. Her willingness to run in Mississippi at that time was and con-tinues to be a powerful act in itself. Though she was unsuccessful, her speeches, mes-sages and visits to African-Americans around the state resonated. Ms. Hamer provided inspiration for me to work for the Student Non-Violent Coordinating Committee, while I attended Tougaloo College continuing Ms. Hamer’s work to get African- Americans across Mississippi registered to vote. I remember volunteering for Ms. Hamer’s Congressional campaign and getting inspired to serve the people of Mississippi. Today, I represent Mississippi’s Second Congressional District, and I cannot help but think that Ms. Hamer is smiling down on me. Her courage and brilliance is one of the reasons I stand on this floor today. I am honored to be able to give time to honor a legend and civil rights icon. Ms. Fannie Lou Hamer’s legacy will forever live on, and I stand here today along with my col-leagues to pay homage to a true hero. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks on my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, let me first begin by thanking my friend and colleague Rep. B
ENNIE THOMPSON for leading today’s effort in honoring the life and legacy of Fannie Lou Hamer. October 6th marks the 100th anniver-sary of her birth in Montgomery County, Mis-sissippi. An honorary member of Delta Sigma Theta, Fannie Lou Hamer dedicated her life to the fight for civil rights. Born in 1917, she was the daughter of sharecroppers and the youngest of 20 siblings. By the age of six, she was helping her family in the cotton fields. Fannie Lou Hamer was a woman of cour-age. She used her voice to raise awareness about the plight of African Americans in the Mississippi Delta. She was a woman of strength who was able to channel the injus-tices committed against her into activism. Working for the Student Nonviolent Coordi-nating Committee, Hamer helped African Americans register to vote and worked to end segregation. After attempting to register to vote herself in August 1962, Hamer lost her job and was kicked out of her home. The following year, she and fellow activists returning from a train-ing workshop were unjustly jailed and severely beaten. While the beating left permanent dam-age, the officers were later acquitted by an all- white jury. Hamer was also a trailblazing political activ-ist. She helped to found the Mississippi Free-dom Democratic Party and the National Wom-en’s Political Caucus. She almost derailed the re-election of President Lyndon Johnson and changed the Democratic Party’s delegate se-lection process. In 1968, she would become the first African American to serve as an offi-cial delegate at a national-party convention since Reconstruction and the first woman ever from Mississippi. Although unsuccessful in her bids for elect-ed office, Hamer remained committed to vot-ing rights and antipoverty efforts. She filed a lawsuit to push forward desegregation efforts in local schools, led the cotton pickers resist-ance movement and helped to bring a Head Start program to her community. Fannie Lou Hamer’s contributions to the American Civil Rights movement and our na-tion are undeniable. As then UN Ambassador Andrew Young eulogized at her funeral, ‘‘None of us would be where we are now had she not been there then.’’ His words still ring true 40 years later. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03OC7.123 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7745 October 3, 2017 
HOUSE BILLS AND JOINT RESOLU-TION APPROVED BY THE PRESI-DENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills and a joint resolution of the following titles: 
August 2, 2017: H.R. 3364. An Act to provide congressional review and to counter aggression by the Gov-ernments of Iran, the Russian Federation, and North Korea, and for other purposes. August 4, 2017: H.R. 3298. An Act to authorize the Capitol Police Board to make payments from the United States Capitol Police Memorial Fund to employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line-of- duty injuries, and for other purposes. August 16, 2017: H.R. 2210. An Act to designate the commu-nity living center of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Butler Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Sergeant Jo-seph George Kusick VA Community Living Center’’. H.R. 3218. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. August 18, 2017: H.R. 374. An Act to remove the sunset pro-vision of section 203 of Public Law 105–384, and for other purposes. H.R. 510. An Act to establish a system for integration of Rapid DNA instruments for use by law enforcement to reduce violent crime and reduce the current DNA analysis backlog. H.R. 873. An Act to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to es-tablish the National Global War on Ter-rorism Memorial as a commemorative work in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. H.R. 2430. An Act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user-fee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilar biological products, and for other purposes. August 22, 2017: H.J. Res. 76. A joint resolution granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the estab-lishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission. H.R. 339. An Act to amend Public Law 94– 241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Is-lands. August 23, 2017: H.R. 2288. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and proc-esses relating to appeals of decisions regard-ing claims for benefits under the laws admin-istered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. September 8, 2017: H.R. 601. An Act making continuing appro-priations for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes. September 12, 2017: H.R. 3732. An Act to amend section 1113 of the Social Security Act to provide authority for increased fiscal year 2017 and 2018 pay-ments for temporary assistance to United States citizens returned from foreign coun-tries. September 15, 2017: H.R. 624. An Act to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on Federal documents sent by mail, and for other pur-poses. September 27, 2017: H.R. 3110. An Act to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to modify the term of the independent member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council. September 29, 2017: H.R. 3819. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring pro-visions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. H.R. 3823. An Act to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, to provide disaster tax relief, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE BILLS AND JOINT RESO-LUTION APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills and a joint resolution, of the Senate of the following titles: 
August 12, 2017: S. 114. An Act to authorize appropriations and to appropriate amounts for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, to improve hiring authorities of the Department, to authorize major med-ical facility leases, and for other purposes. September 14, 2017: S.J. Res. 49. A joint resolution condemning the violence and domestic terrorist attack that took place during events between Au-gust 11 and August 12, 2017, in Charlottes-ville, Virginia, recognizing the first respond-ers who lost their lives while monitoring the events, offering deepest condolences to the families and friends of those individuals who were killed and deepest sympathies and sup-port to those individuals who were injured by the violence, expressing support for the Charlottesville community, rejecting White nationalists, White supremacists, the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, and other hate groups, and urging the President and the President’s Cabinet to use all available resources to ad-dress the threats posed by those groups. September 15, 2017: S. 1616. An Act to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Bob Dole, in recognition for his service to the nation as a soldier, legis-lator, and statesman. September 29, 2017: S. 1866. An Act to provide the Secretary of Education with waiver authority for the re-allocation rules and authority to extend the deadline by which funds have to be reallo-cated in the campus-based aid programs under the Higher Education Act of 1965 due to Hurricane Harvey, Hurricane Irma, and Hurricane Maria, to provide equitable serv-ices to children and teachers in private schools, and for other purposes. f LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Ms. R
OSEN (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and tomorrow on ac-count of work in district relating to tragic shooting in Las Vegas. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 396. An act to make technical amend-ments to certain marine fish conservation statutes, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on September 28, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 3819. To amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, October 4, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first, second, and third quarters of 2017, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO CANADA, EXPENDED BETWEEN SEPT. 14 AND SEPT. 16, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Bill Huizenga ................................................... 9 /14 9 /16 Canada ........................................ ......... .................... 739.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 739.00 Hon. Jeff Duncan ..................................................... 9 /14 9 /16 Canada ........................................ ......... .................... 739.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 739.00 Hon. Gregory Meeks ................................................. 9 /14 9 /16 Canada .......................................... ....... .................... 739.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 739.00 Raaed Haddad ......................................................... 9 /14 9 /16 Canada ........................................ ......... .................... 739.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 739.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.048 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7746 October 3, 2017 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO CANADA, EXPENDED BETWEEN SEPT. 14 AND SEPT. 16, 2017—Continue d 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Rebecca Ulrich ........................................................ 9 /14 9 /16 Canada ....................................... .......... .................... 739.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 739.00 Brian Skretny ........................................................... 9 /14 9 /16 Canada ..................................... ............ .................... 739.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 739.00 Claire Figel .............................................................. 9 /14 9 /16 Canada ................................... .............. .................... 739.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 739.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 5,173.00 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 5,173.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. BILL HUIZENGA, Sept. 26, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO CHILE, PERU, AND GUATEMALA, EXPENDED BETWEEN SEPT. 15 AND SEP T. 22, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Peter Roskam .................................................. 9 /15 9 /17 Chile ........................................... .......... .................... 1,026.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,026.00 Hon. David Price ...................................................... 9 /15 9 /17 Chile ........................................ ............. .................... 1,026.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,026.00 Hon. Bill Flores ........................................................ 9 /15 9 /17 Chile ...................................... ............... .................... 1,026.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,026.00 Hon. Susan Davis .................................................... 9 /15 9 /17 Chile .......................................... ........... .................... 1,026.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,026.00 Hon. Dina Titus ....................................................... 9 /15 9 /17 Chile ........................................ ............. .................... 1,026.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,026.00 Hon. Tom Rice ......................................................... 9 /15 9 /17 Chile ........................................ ............. .................... 1,026.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,026.00 Hon. Steve Knight .................................................... 9 /15 9 /17 Chile ......................................... ............ .................... 1,026.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,026.00 Hon. Norma Torres ................................................... 9 /15 9 /17 Chile .......................................... ........... .................... 1,026.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,026.00 Hon. Lucille Roybal-Allard ....................................... 9 /15 9 /17 Chile ............................................. ........ .................... 1,026.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,026.00 Janice Robinson ....................................................... 9 /15 9 /17 Chile ........................................ ............. .................... 1,026.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,026.00 Mark Epley ............................................................... 9 /15 9 /17 Chile ..................................... ................ .................... 1,026.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,026.00 Jeff Billman ............................................................. 9 /15 9 /17 Chile ..................................... ................ .................... 1,026.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,026.00 Justin Wein .............................................................. 9 /15 9 /17 Chile ..................................... ................ .................... 1,026.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,026.00 Hon. Peter Roskam .................................................. 9 /17 9 /20 Peru ............................................ .......... .................... 1,081.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,081.00 Hon. David Price ...................................................... 9 /17 9 /20 Peru ......................................... ............. .................... 1,081.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,081.00 Hon. Bill Flores ........................................................ 9 /17 9 /20 Peru ....................................... ............... .................... 1,081.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,081.00 Hon. Susan Davis .................................................... 9 /17 9 /20 Peru ........................................... ........... .................... 1,081.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,081.00 Hon. Dina Titus ....................................................... 9 /17 9 /20 Peru ......................................... ............. .................... 1,081.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,081.00 Hon. Tom Rice ......................................................... 9 /17 9 /20 Peru ......................................... ............. .................... 1,081.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,081.00 Hon. Steve Knight .................................................... 9 /17 9 /20 Peru .......................................... ............ .................... 1,081.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,081.00 Hon. Norma Torres ................................................... 9 /17 9 /20 Peru ........................................... ........... .................... 1,081.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,081.00 Hon. Lucille Roybal-Allard ....................................... 9 /17 9 /20 Peru .............................................. ........ .................... 1,081.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,081.00 Janice Robinson ....................................................... 9 /17 9 /20 Peru ......................................... ............. .................... 1,081.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,081.00 Mark Epley ............................................................... 9 /17 9 /20 Peru ...................................... ................ .................... 1,081.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,081.00 Jeff Billman ............................................................. 9 /17 9 /20 Peru ...................................... ................ .................... 1,081.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,081.00 Justin Wein .............................................................. 9 /17 9 /20 Peru ...................................... ................ .................... 1,081.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,081.00 Hon. Peter Roskam .................................................. 9 /20 9 /22 Guatemala ....................................... ..... .................... 575.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 575.96 Hon. David Price ...................................................... 9 /20 9 /22 Guatemala .................................... ........ .................... 575.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 575.96 Hon. Bill Flores ........................................................ 9 /20 9 /22 Guatemala .................................. .......... .................... 575.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 575.96 Hon. Susan Davis .................................................... 9 /20 9 /22 Guatemala ...................................... ...... .................... 575.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 575.96 Hon. Dina Titus ....................................................... 9 /20 9 /22 Guatemala .................................... ........ .................... 575.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 575.96 Hon. Tom Rice ......................................................... 9 /20 9 /22 Guatemala .................................... ........ .................... 575.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 575.96 Hon. Steve Knight .................................................... 9 /20 9 /22 Guatemala ..................................... ....... .................... 575.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 575.96 Hon. Norma Torres ................................................... 9 /20 9 /22 Guatemala ...................................... ...... .................... 575.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 575.96 Hon. Lucille Roybal-Allard ....................................... 9 /20 9 /22 Guatemala ......................................... ... .................... 575.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 575.96 Janice Robinson ....................................................... 9 /20 9 /22 Guatemala .................................... ........ .................... 575.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 575.96 Mark Epley ............................................................... 9 /20 9 /22 Guatemala ................................. ........... .................... 575.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 575.96 Jeff Billman ............................................................. 9 /20 9 /22 Guatemala ................................. ........... .................... 575.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 575.96 Justin Wein .............................................................. 9 /20 9 /22 Guatemala ................................. ........... .................... 575.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 575.96 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 24,146.64 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. PETER J. ROSKAM, Sept. 28, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. William F. Shuster .......................................... 3 /30 3 /31 Canada ............................................ ..... .................... 312.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 312.00 Hon. Bruce Westerman ............................................ 3 /30 3 /31 Canada ............................................. .... .................... 312.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 312.00 Hon. Robert Woodall ................................................ 3 /30 3 /31 Canada .......................................... ....... .................... 312.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 312.00 Fleming Legg ........................................................... 3 /30 3 /31 Canada ...................................... ........... .................... 312.00 .................... 976.06 .................... .................... .................... 1, 288.06 Holly Lyons ............................................................... 3 /30 3 /31 Canada ................................... .............. .................... 312.00 .................... 814.81 .................... .................... ................... . 1,126.81 Mathew Sturges ....................................................... 3 /30 3 /31 Canada ........................................ ......... .................... 312.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 312.00 Chris Vieson ............................................................ 3 /30 3 /31 Canada ..................................... ............ .................... 312.00 .................... 814.81 .................... .................... .................... 1 ,126.81 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,184.00 .................... 2,605.68 .................... .................... ....... ............. 4,789.68 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. BILL SHUSTER, Chairman, Sept. 15, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUN. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Alex Burkett ............................................................. 4 /7 4 /8 France ...................................... ............. .................... 449.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 449.00 Hon. Blake Farenthold ............................................. 4 /7 4 /8 France ............................................. ...... .................... 449.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 449.00 Hon. Garret Graves .................................................. 4 /7 4 /8 France ........................................... ........ .................... 449.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 449.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.050 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7747 October 3, 2017 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUN. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Sam Graves ..................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 France ........................................... ........ .................... 449.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 449.00 Keith Hall ................................................................. 4 /7 4 /8 France .................................... ............... .................... 449.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 449.00 Justin Harclerode ..................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 France ......................................... .......... .................... 449.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 449.00 Fleming Legg ........................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 France ........................................ ........... .................... 449.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 449.00 Caryn Lund .............................................................. 4 /7 4 /8 France ....................................... ............ .................... 449.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 449.00 Collin McCune ......................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 France ......................................... .......... .................... 449.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 449.00 Hon. Mark Sanford .................................................. 4 /7 4 /8 France ............................................ ....... .................... 449.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 449.00 Hon. William F. Shuster .......................................... 4 /7 4 /8 France .............................................. ..... .................... 449.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 449.00 Hon. Albio Sires ....................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 France ........................................ ........... .................... 449.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 449.00 Hon. Randy Weber ................................................... 4 /7 4 /8 France ............................................ ....... .................... 449.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 449.00 CMTE Expenses ............................................... ............. ................. ..................................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 4,287.00 .................... 5,801.00 ... ................. 10,088.00 Alex Burkett ............................................................. 4 /8 4 /10 Latvia ..................................... ............... .................... 479.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 479.87 Hon. Blake Farenthold ............................................. 4 /8 4 /10 Latvia ............................................ ........ .................... 479.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 479.87 Hon. Garret Graves .................................................. 4 /8 4 /10 Latvia .......................................... .......... .................... 479.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 479.87 Hon. Sam Graves ..................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Latvia .......................................... .......... .................... 479.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 479.87 Keith Hall ................................................................. 4 /8 4 /10 Latvia ................................... ................. .................... 479.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. 479.87 Justin Harclerode ..................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Latvia ........................................ ............ .................... 479.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 479.87 Fleming Legg ........................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Latvia ....................................... ............. .................... 479.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 479.87 Caryn Lund .............................................................. 4 /8 4 /10 Latvia ...................................... .............. .................... 479.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 479.87 Collin McCune ......................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Latvia ........................................ ............ .................... 479.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 479.87 Hon. Mark Sanford .................................................. 4 /8 4 /10 Latvia ........................................... ......... .................... 479.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 479.87 Hon. William F. Shuster .......................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Latvia ............................................. ....... .................... 479.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 479.87 Hon. Albio Sires ....................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Latvia ....................................... ............. .................... 479.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 479.87 Hon. Randy Weber ................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Latvia ........................................... ......... .................... 479.87 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 479.87 CMTE Expenses ............................................... ............. ................. ..................................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 802.77 .................... 874.46 ....... ............. 1,677.23 Alex Burkett ............................................................. 4 /10 4 /12 Poland .................................... ............... .................... 569.92 .................... 60.12 .................... .................... ................... . 630.04 Hon. Blake Farenthold ............................................. 4 /10 4 /12 Poland ........................................... ........ .................... 569.92 .................... 60.12 .................... .................... .................... 630.04  Hon. Garret Graves .................................................. 4 /10 4 /12 Poland ......................................... .......... .................... 569.92 .................... 4,782.78 .................... .................... .................... 5 ,352.70 Hon. Sam Graves ..................................................... 4 /10 4 /12 Poland ......................................... .......... .................... 569.92 .................... 60.12 .................... .................... .................... 630. 04 Keith Hall ................................................................. 4 /10 4 /12 Poland .................................. ................. .................... 569.92 .................... 60.12 .................... .................... ................. ... 630.04 Justin Harclerode ..................................................... 4 /10 4 /12 Poland ....................................... ............ .................... 569.92 .................... 60.12 .................... .................... .................... 63 0.04 Hon. Duncan Hunter ................................................ 4 /9 4 /12 Poland ............................................ ....... .................... 762.92 .................... 9,436.42 .................... .................... .................... 10,1 99.34 Fleming Legg ........................................................... 4 /10 4 /12 Poland ...................................... ............. .................... 569.92 .................... 60.12 .................... .................... .................... 6 30.04 Caryn Lund .............................................................. 4 /10 4 /12 Poland ..................................... .............. .................... 569.92 .................... 60.12 .................... .................... ....................
630.04 Collin McCune ......................................................... 4 /10 4 /12 Poland ....................................... ............ .................... 569.92 .................... 60.12 .................... .................... .................... 63 0.04 Hon. Mark Sanford .................................................. 4 /10 4 /12 Poland .......................................... ......... .................... 569.92 .................... 60.12 .................... .................... .................... 630.0 4 Hon. William F. Shuster .......................................... 4 /10 4 /12 Poland ............................................ ....... .................... 569.92 .................... 60.12 .................... .................... .................... 630.04 Hon. Albio Sires ....................................................... 4 /10 4 /12 Poland ...................................... ............. .................... 569.92 .................... 60.12 .................... .................... .................... 6 30.04 Hon. Randy Weber ................................................... 4 /10 4 /12 Poland .......................................... ......... .................... 569.92 .................... 60.12 .................... .................... .................... 630.0 4 CMTE Expenses ............................................... ............. ................. ..................................... .......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,527.07 .................... 4,745.25 ... ................. 6,272.32 Alex Burkett ............................................................. 4 /12 4 /14 Netherlands ............................... ........... .................... 736.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 736.92 Hon. Blake Farenthold ............................................. 4 /12 4 /14 Netherlands ...................................... .... .................... 736.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 736.92 Hon. Sam Graves ..................................................... 4 /12 4 /14 Netherlands .................................... ...... .................... 736.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 736.92 Keith Hall ................................................................. 4 /12 4 /14 Netherlands ............................. ............. .................... 736.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 736.92 Justin Harclerode ..................................................... 4 /12 4 /14 Netherlands .................................. ........ .................... 736.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 736.92 Duncan Hunter ........................................................ 4 /12 4 /14 Netherlands ................................... ....... .................... 736.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 736.92 Fleming Legg ........................................................... 4 /12 4 /14 Netherlands ................................. ......... .................... 736.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 736.92 Caryn Lund .............................................................. 4 /12 4 /14 Netherlands ................................ .......... .................... 736.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 736.92 Collin McCune ......................................................... 4 /12 4 /14 Netherlands .................................. ........ .................... 736.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 736.92 Hon. Mark Sanford .................................................. 4 /12 4 /14 Netherlands ..................................... ..... .................... 736.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 736.92 Hon. William F. Shuster .......................................... 4 /12 4 /14 Netherlands ....................................... ... .................... 736.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 736.92 Hon. Albio Sires ....................................................... 4 /12 4 /14 Netherlands ................................. ......... .................... 736.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 736.92 Hon. Randy Weber ................................................... 4 /12 4 /14 Netherlands ..................................... ..... .................... 736.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 736.92 Hon. Peter DeFazio .................................................. 5 /7 5 /15 Greece, Bosnia, Albania, Macedonia, Kosovo, Italy. .................... 3,022.38 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 3,022.38 Hon. Mike Bost ........................................................ 5 /25 5 /26 Ottawa, Canada ............................... .... .................... 360.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 360.00 Norman Alex Burkette .............................................. 5 /25 5 /26 Ottawa, Canada ................................... .................... 360.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 360.00 Hon. Barbara Comstock .......................................... 5 /25 5 /26 Ottawa, Canada ................................... ... ................. 360.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 360 .00 Hon. Rodney Davis .................................................. 5 /25 5 /26 Ottawa, Canada .................................. . .................... 360.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 360.00 Kathy Dedrick .......................................................... 5 /25 5 /26 Ottawa, Canada .............................. ..... .................... 360.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 360.00 Hon. Peter A. DeFazio .............................................. 5 /25 5 /26 Ottawa, Canada .................................. . .................... 360.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 360.00 Hon. Jeff Denham .................................................... 5 /25 5 /26 Ottawa, Canada ................................. .. .................... 360.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 360.00 Hon. Blake Farenthold ............................................. 5 /25 5 /26 Ottawa, Canada ................................... .................... 360.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 360.00 Hon. John Faso ........................................................ 5 /25 5 /26 Ottawa, Canada ............................... .... .................... 360.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 360.00 Hon. Drew Ferguson ................................................ 5 /25 5 /26 Ottawa, Canada ................................... .................... 360.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 360.00 Hon. Garret Neal Graves ......................................... 5 /25 5 /26 Ottawa, Canada ................................... .. .................. 360.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 36 0.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 74,542.72 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. BILL SHUSTER, Chairman, Sept. 15, 2017. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2744. A letter from the Acting Director, Program Development and Regulation Anal-ysis, Rural Utilities Service, Rural Develop-ment, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Water and Waste Loans and Grants (RIN: 0572-AC36) received September 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 2745. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Estab-lishment of TRICARE Select and Other TRICARE Reforms [Docket ID: DOD-2017- HA-0039] (RIN: 0720-AB70) received Sep-tember 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 2746. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2016 report on mining activities, pur-suant to the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 2747. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Regulatory Affairs Division, Con-sumer Product Safety Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Safe-ty Standard for Infant Bouncer Seats [Dock-et No.: CPSC-2015-0028] received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2748. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Protection of Strato-spheric Ozone: Refrigerant Management Reg-ulations for Small Cans of Motor Vehicle Re-frigerant [EPA-HQ-OAR-2017-0213; FRL-9968- 68-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AT43) received September 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2749. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Oxathiapiprolin; Pesticide Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0049; FRL-9966- 68] received September 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2750. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Interstate Transport of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.050 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7748 October 3, 2017 
Fine Particulate Matter: Revision of Federal Implementation Plan Requirements for Texas [EPA-HQ-OAR-2016-0598; FRL-9968-46- OAR] (RIN: 2060-AT16) received September 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2751. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Fluoxastrobin; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0727; FRL- 9966-09] received September 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2752. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Fluazifop-P-Butyl; Pes-ticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0878; FRL-9966-67] received September 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 2753. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Iowa Air Quality Implementation Plans; Elements of the Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2012 Annual Fine Particulate Matter (PM2.5) National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) [EPA-R07-OAR-2017-0517; FRL-9968- 66-Region 7] received September 27, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2754. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Imple-mentation Plans; State of Iowa; Elements of the Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) [EPA-R07-OAR- 2017-0267; FRL-9968-62-Region 7] received Sep-tember 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2755. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; New York; Re-gional Haze Five-Year Progress Report State Implementation Plan [EPA-R02-OAR-2015- 0498; FRL-9968-64-Region 2] received Sep-tember 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2756. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; New Jersey; Re-gional Haze Five-Year Progress Report State Implementation Plan [EPA-R02-OAR-2016- 0413; FRL-9968-63-Region 2] received Sep-tember 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2757. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Enhanced Moni-toring; California [EPA-R09-OAR-2017-0411; FRL-9968-38-Region 9] received September 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2758. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Removal of Clean Air Inter-state Rule (CAIR) Trading Programs [EPA- R03-OAR-2017-0215; FRL-9968-34-Region 3] re-ceived September 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2759. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Utah; Revisions to Ozone Offset Require-ments in Davis and Salt Lake Counties [EPA-R08-OAR-2016-0620; FRL-9968-74-Region 8] received September 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2760. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Nonattainment New Source Review Requirements for the 2008 8- Hour Ozone Standard [EPA-R03-OAR-2017- 0398; FRL-9968-51-Region 3] received Sep-tember 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2761. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; 2011 Base Year Inventory for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard for the Baltimore, Maryland Nonattainment Area [EPA-R03- OAR-2017-0396; FRL-9968-54-Region 3] re-ceived September 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2762. A letter from the Deputy Director, ODRM, Health Resources and Services Ad-ministration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — 340B Drug Pricing Pro-gram Ceiling Price and Manufacturer Civil Monetary Penalties Regulation (RIN: 0906- AB11) received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2763. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting two (2) notifi-cations of a federal vacancy, designation of acting officer, or discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 2764. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting three (3) noti-fications of a designation of acting officer, nomination, or discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Pub-lic Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 2765. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting two (2) notifi-cations of a designation of acting officer, nomination, or discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Pub-lic Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 2766. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting two (2) notifi-cations of a designation of acting officer, nomination, or discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Pub-lic Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 2767. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting two (2) notifi-cations of a designation of acting officer, nomination, or discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Pub-lic Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 2768. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting three (3) noti-fications of a designation of acting officer, nomination, or discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Pub-lic Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 2769. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notifica-tion of an action on nomination and dis-continuation of service in acting role, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 2770. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notifica-tion of a designation of acting officer and ac-tion on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 2771. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-9184; Product Identifier 2016-NM-060-AD; Amendment 39-19032; AD 2017-19-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Sep-tember 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2772. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0524; Product Identifier 2016- NM-122-AD; Amendment 39-19034; AD 2017-19- 04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2773. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Prohibition Against Cer-tain Flights in Damascus (OSTT) Flight In-formation Region (FIR) [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0768; Amendment No.: 91-?] (RIN: 2120- AL07) received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 553. Resolution providing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L03OC7.000 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7749 October 3, 2017 
for consideration of the concurrent resolu-tion (H. Con. Res. 71) establishing the con-gressional budget for the United States Gov-ernment for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027 (Rept. 115–339). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. M CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. M OONEY  of West Virginia, Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, and Mrs. B
USTOS ): H.R. 3913. A bill to amend the Surface Min-ing Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ESTES of Kansas (for himself, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Ms. J ENKINS of Kan-sas, and Mr. Y
ODER ): H.R. 3914. A bill to remove the limitation imposed as a result of receiving funding under the Land and Water Conservation Fund on the conversion of Lake Afton Park in Sedgwick County, Kansas, to a use other than public outdoor recreation; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LUCAS (for himself and Mr. H
ECK): H.R. 3915. A bill to clarify membership re-quirements for the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CALVERT (for himself, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. C OSTA , and Mr. V
ALADAO ): H.R. 3916. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to vest in the Secretary of the Interior functions under that Act with respect to species of fish that spawn in fresh or estuarine waters and migrate to ocean waters, and species of fish that spawn in ocean waters and migrate to fresh waters; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself and Mr. R
UIZ): H.R. 3917. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to extend funding for the special diabetes program for Indians; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. E VANS , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. H IMES, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S
IRES, Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. E
STY of Con-necticut, and Mr. S
OTO): H.R. 3918. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend public safety officers’ death benefits to fire police officers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California): H.R. 3919. A bill to streamline the em-ployer reporting process and strengthen the eligibility verification process for the pre-mium assistance tax credit and cost-sharing subsidy; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 3920. A bill to establish a Medicare demonstration program on the use of third- party interest-free payment arrangements to reduce Medicare hospital part A bad debt claims; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 3921. A bill to extend funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 3922. A bill to extend funding for cer-tain public health programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for him-self, Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L
EE, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R USH, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. M AX-
INEWATERS of California, Mrs. W AT-
SON COLEMAN , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. G
OMEZ , Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. S
ERRANO , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H.R. 3923. A bill to provide standards for fa-cilities at which aliens in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security are de-tained, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-self, Ms. D
EGETTE , and Mr. R EED): H.R. 3924. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to extend funding for the special diabetes program for type I diabetes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. V
EASEY ): H.R. 3925. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax credit to Patriot employers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 3926. A bill to provide for an extension for community health centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 3927. A bill to amend title XXI to allow for the blending of risk pools of chil-dren’s health insurance buy-in programs with the risk pools of State child health plans under such title, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself and Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia): H.R. 3928. A bill to ensure that patients re-ceive accurate health care information by prohibiting misleading and deceptive adver-tising or representation in the provision of health care services, to require the identi-fication of the license of health care profes-sionals, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 3929. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out a program to provide payments to communities in which a nuclear power plant that has ceased generating elec-tricity and that stores spent nuclear fuel on-site is located, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. V ELA, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. C
UELLAR ): H.R. 3930. A bill to establish the Office of Hurricane Harvey Small Business Recovery Grants in the Small Business Administration to compensate certain small business con-cerns for substantial economic injury suf-fered as a result of Hurricane Harvey in Au-gust 2017; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANCE (for himself and Ms. M
ATSUI ): H.R. 3931. A bill to increase the number of States that may conduct Medicaid dem-onstration programs to improve access to community mental health services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LANCE (for himself and Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico): H.R. 3932. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to provide for increased Puerto Rico Medicaid payments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RENACCI (for himself and Mr. K
ILMER ): H.R. 3933. A bill to establish and reinstate certain reporting requirements regarding ef-forts to recruit, hire, and retain health care professionals for the Veterans Health Admin-istration; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. ROHRABACHER (for himself, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C ON-
AWAY , and Mr. S ESSIONS ): H.R. 3934. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to exclude from creditable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.022 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7750 October 3, 2017 
wages and self-employment income wages earned for services by aliens illegally per-formed in the United States and self-employ-ment income derived from a trade or busi-ness illegally conducted in the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SHIMKUS (for himself and Mr. L
ONG): H.R. 3935. A bill to provide for an extension of funding for the National Health Service Corps; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself and Mr. C
APUANO ): H.R. 3936. A bill to forgive the indebtedness of the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 554. A resolution recognizing the life and legacy of Richard (Dick) Gregory and honoring his contributions to the civil rights movement and to American comedy; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. M CKINLEY: H.R. 3913. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. ESTES of Kansas: H.R. 3914. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. LUCAS: H.R. 3915. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution states that Congress shall have the power ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution states the Congress shall have the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 3916. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution, specifically clause 1 and clause 18. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 3917. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1: Section 8: Clause 3 By Mr. COURTNEY: H.R. 3918. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 3919. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution which states, ‘‘(t)he Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-ties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and gen-eral welfare of the United States.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 ‘‘Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the indian tribes.’’ By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 3920. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 3921. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 3922. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 3923. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 3924. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 3925. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 3926. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 3927. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 3928. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. By Mr. COURTNEY: H.R. 3929. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 3930. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 3931. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the United States Constitution which states the Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 3932. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the United States Constitution which states the Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States. By Mr. RENACCI: H.R. 3933. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H.R. 3934. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. SHIMKUS: H.R. 3935. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 3936. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 and Clause 18 of the United States Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 102: Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 103: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 113: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 173: Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. B EN R
AY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 184: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 233: Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. C RIST, and Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 392: Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. P OLIQUIN , and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 431: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 445: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 502: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. D
EMINGS , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 535: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 564: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 638: Ms. E
SHOO and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 673: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 741: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 747: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 788: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 792: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 807: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 810: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L03OC7.100 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7751 October 3, 2017 
H.R. 820: Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 821: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 866: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 897: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 927: Mr. H
IMES and Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . H.R. 1017: Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. H IMES, and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 1036: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 1038: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1046: Mr. C
OOPER and Mrs. N OEM. H.R. 1090: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1099: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 1116: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 1133: Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. D ENHAM , and Mr. T
AYLOR . H.R. 1148: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1155: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. D ENT, and Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 1158: Mr. T
ONKO and Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY . H.R. 1178: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 1204: Mr. C
RAMER and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1225: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1267: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 1278: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1279: Ms. L
OFGREN and Ms. S LAUGH -
TER. H.R. 1284: Miss R
ICEof New York and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1291: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1295: Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas- ka, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. R OSKAM , and Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1299: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 1316: Mr. K
INGof New York and Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1374: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1378: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1409: Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1456: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. N OLAN , and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1457: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 1472: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1478: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1494: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 1539: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1626: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 1655: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 1730: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 1731: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1734: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1753: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 1762: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 1773: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 1810: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 1815: Ms. K
APTUR and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 1847: Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 1865: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 1872: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 1874: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1889: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 1896: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1897: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1898: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 1951: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1953: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 1955: Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 1957: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 1991: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 2023: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 2051: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2054: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 2095: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 2123: Mr. B
ERGMAN and Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 2147: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 2148: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 2206: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2228: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 2310: Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 2327: Mrs. D
EMINGS and Ms. H ANABUSA . H.R. 2388: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania and Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 2391: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK and Mr. N OR-
MAN. H.R. 2408: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2418: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 2432: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 2434: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 2482: Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. T URNER , and Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 2587: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 2591: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 2598: Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. S
UOZZI , and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 2623: Mr. N
ORMAN and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 2633: Mr. E
VANS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. L EE, and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 2641: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 2663: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 2666: Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 2739: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. K
EATING , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 2748: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, and Mr. K IND. H.R. 2790: Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. B UCHANAN , and Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 2856: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 2865: Mr. P
ALLONE and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 2887: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 2899: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2901: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 2938: Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 2957: Mr. H
URD. H.R. 2996: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. L
ABRADOR , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. P
ALMER , and Mr. M ARCHANT . H.R. 2999: Mr. K
INGof New York and Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 3006: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3030: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 3042: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 3108: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 3138: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 3145: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 3153: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 3165: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 3174: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 3199: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 3220: Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 3238: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART . H.R. 3271: Mrs. W
ALORSKI and Mr. C OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3282: Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 3316: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 3320: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 3331: Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 3342: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 3347: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3365: Mr. P
ALMER . H.R. 3395: Mr. L
OBIONDO and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 3397: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 3400: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. B
EYER , and Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 3441: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. B
UDD, and Mrs. N OEM. H.R. 3452: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 3467: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 3472: Mr. M
ACARTHUR and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 3513: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 3528: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 3529: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 3530: Ms. M
OORE and Mr. G ALLAGHER . H.R. 3533: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 3548: Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. B
ACON , Mr. K INZINGER , and Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 3552: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 3588: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 3596: Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. M ARSHALL , and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3606: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 3622: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland and Mr. R
USH. H.R. 3623: Ms. S
LAUGHTER and Mr. R USH. H.R. 3632: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 3635: Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. U
PTON , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. M
OULTON , and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 3679: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 3680: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 3703: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3711: Mr. N
ORMAN and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 3739: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 3744: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 3751: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 3758: Mr. H
IMES, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 3759: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Ms. M ENG, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. L AHOOD, Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali- fornia, Mr. K
ATKO , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. K ING of New York. H.R. 3767: Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , and Mr. Y ODER . H.R. 3770: Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. B
ERGMAN , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. J
EFFRIES , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 3774: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 3784: Mr. M
CKINLEY , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3792: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 3798: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 3806: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 3810: Mr. B
ERA, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER . H.R. 3817: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 3822: Mr. B
ABIN and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3827: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 3832: Mr. B
OST, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. M
CKINLEY , and Mr. H ULTGREN . H.R. 3847: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 3852: Mr. C
ROWLEY and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 3862: Mr. H
ECK, Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 3875: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 3878: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. E LLI-
SON, and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 3882: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.J. Res. 31: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.J. Res. 53: Mr. C
OOPER . H.J. Res. 74: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H. Res. 129: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia and Mr. K
INZINGER . H. Res. 142: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H. Res. 220: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H. Res. 276: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI and Ms. L
OFGREN . H. Res. 283: Ms. N
ORTON . H. Res. 359: Miss R
ICEof New York. H. Res. 361: Mrs. B
EATTY . H. Res. 367: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. S CHNEIDER , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. S
ABLAN , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. D ELANEY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.026 H03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7752 October 3, 2017 
H. Res. 370: Mr. K HANNA . H. Res. 466: Mr. C
OLEand Ms. E SHOO . H. Res. 490: Mr. L
ANCE . H. Res. 529: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. B
ERGMAN . H. Res. 550: Mr. KENNEDY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC7.031 H03OCPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6267 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 2017 No. 158 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable B
EN S
ASSE, a Senator from the State of Ne-braska. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Hear our prayers, Eternal God, as You bend Your ears toward us. Provide for the needs of the high and low, the rich and poor, the just and unjust. Empower our Senators to love even their enemies, to bless those who curse them, and to pray for those who seek to misuse them. Lord, give our law-makers lips that speak wisdom, hearts that love purity, and minds that em-brace understanding. Deliver them from fear, even in calamitous times. May they not trust in wealth or might but put their faith in You, the author and finisher of destinies. We pray in Your marvelous Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, October 3, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable BENSASSE, a Senator from the State of Nebraska, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. SASSE thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this morning our thoughts and prayers con-tinue to be with those in Las Vegas who suffered a horrendous massacre. We will all be praying for them and hoping they can recover from these grievous wounds. 
f 
THE BUDGET AND TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on an entirely different matter, last week the chairman of the Budget Committee unveiled a comprehensive budget for fiscal year 2018 that the committee will consider this week. This comprehensive budget resolution provides a path to balance by restraining Washington’s spending, by reducing the tax burden, and by putting our country on a trajec-tory for better economic growth. I look forward to considering it on the floor after the committee finishes its work. Not only will this budget put our country on a better fiscal track, with reduced spending, it will also provide Congress with legislative authority to enact much needed tax reform for hard- working American families. The tax framework released by the administration and Congress’s tax- writing committees is a template that will guide these committees as they work toward producing pro-American tax reform. The framework envisions a 21st-century tax code that is built for growth, that supports middle-class families, and that promotes American workers and American jobs. It is the framework our committees will look to as they work through a transparent and inclusive process in pursuit of its important goals, such as more jobs, fairer taxes, and bigger paychecks. Basically, here is what our frame-work envisions: We want to take more money out of Washington’s pocket and put more in yours, simply put. I know the chairman of the Finance Com-mittee is committed to goals like those. I know I am. I hope our friends across the aisle will work with us in a serious way to achieve them as well be-cause after decades of lost economic opportunities, it is time to get our economy on the right track again so it can finally grow at its full potential. Let’s shift our economy into high gear with pro-jobs tax reform. Let’s put our finances on a better path with Chairman ENZI’s budget. Let’s watch the good work of each initiative ad-vance within the Finance and Budget Committees this week, including the Finance Committee hearing on tax re-form this morning. 
f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, last week Congress passed legislation to reauthorize the FAA, including its authority to collect and spend money for repairs and re-placement parts for our air traffic con-trol system. I am proud that we worked together to get this bill over the finish line. Now the FAA can con-tinue to play a critical role in the Fed-eral Government’s response to the pow-erful hurricanes that have hit our country. 
f 
HURRICANE RECOVERY EFFORTS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the President is on his way to Puerto Rico 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC6.000 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6268 October 3, 2017 
to survey the hurricane damage per-sonally and see how the Federal Gov-ernment can continue to assist in the recovery efforts. Our thoughts remain with the hurri-cane victims as they continue to piece their lives and communities back to-gether. During his visit, the President will have the opportunity to see the resil-ience of the Puerto Rican people. He can also witness the overwhelming sup-port of their fellow Americans who have volunteered to help deliver relief. Much of that support has come from the military, including the men and women of Kentucky’s own Air and Army National Guard, who have helped bring relief to Texas, Florida, the Vir-gin Islands, and Puerto Rico. Just last week, the 101st Airborne Combat Avia-tion Brigade deployed from Fort Camp-bell in my home State to help support relief efforts in Puerto Rico. President Trump will also have the chance to see the groundswell of gen-erosity from our communities. Many donated money, food, and other essen-tials. Other brave Americans left their homes behind to go to the disaster sites to offer aid. I am especially proud to recognize some of the Kentuckians who have vol-unteered to join the relief efforts in the wake of these storms. The Kentucky Board of Emergency Medical Services selected eight fire de-partments from around my State to send to Florida to assist local oper-ations after Hurricane Irma. Working 12-hour shifts, these firefighters re-sponded to 911 calls in Tampa as resi-dents began to move back into their homes. Throughout my State, churches and nonprofits sent volunteers to help how-ever they could. One religious organi-zation arranged more than 200 volun-teers to help flood victims in Texas and Florida. In all, they served over 78,000 meals, helped with laundry, and dis-tributed many bottles of water. The Kentucky Humane Society stepped in to care for pets that were af-fected, and chapters of the American Red Cross from across the Common-wealth have mobilized to help where needed. The Kentucky Association of Electric Cooperatives sent dozens of linemen to Georgia to help restore power after Hurricane Irma. The joint effort from 17 of our State’s electric cooperatives represents one of the largest mutual deployments in Kentucky’s history. These Kentuckians, along with so many more, have generously given their time and labor to help their fel-low Americans during this time of suf-fering. And they aren’t alone. Compas-sionate men and women from around the country have joined the cause to help ease the pain of the victims. Along with my colleagues in the Sen-ate, I am committed to continuing to do our part to support relief efforts with FEMA, the Department of De-fense, and the rest of the administra-tion. We will soon receive a supple-mental funding request from the ad-ministration. When we do, I expect Congress will act quickly to ensure that the men and women providing critical support in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands have the resources they need. The Senate will continue to stand with those suffering from these devastating storms. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion and resume consideration of the Cissna nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immi-gration Services, Department of Home-land Security. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, the Nation continues to reel from the awful events of Sunday night in Las Vegas—the most deadly mass shooting in modern American history. It has gotten even deadlier in the last 24 hours, with 59 dead and 527 injured— some wounded by gunfire, some injured because they were trampled in the chaos. There were 22,000 concertgoers who fled for their lives from the scene. The police found 23 guns in the hotel room of the monster who committed this atrocity and 19 more at his home. Some of them had been modified to cause even more carnage. Of course, as always, the beauty of the American people and the first re-sponders pulled through. I saw on TV today a man who had been shot. Two young women came and risked their lives while those shots were going. They took off his belt and tied a tour-niquet around his upper thigh because he was bleeding profusely from his leg. They saved his life. He said he will never know who they are, but they saved his life. That story, I am sure, will be repeated over and over again. The valor, the bravery of the average American and the greatness of our first responders is the only counterpoint to the evil, the carnage, the horror we have all witnessed. We cannot banish evil or madness from the Earth, but we sure can do what we can in our power to make our country a safer place. We need com-monsense reforms, and these reforms have broad public support. In the face of tens of thousands of gun deaths every year, too many Re-publicans in Congress have tried to enact the dream agenda of the NRA and the gun lobby. They have pursued a national concealed carry law. Can you imagine if that were to have passed? This horrible man could have concealed carry under the laws of Ne-vada and gone to Times Square in New York City or to Walt Disney World in Florida and just shot away. Most of our police organizations are against this concealed carry bill. In light of the carnage, in knowing of the evil that exists, with the power of evil magnified by guns and automatic weapons, how can we try to pursue it? What about gun silencers? There is a move actually in this Congress—it is in the House right now, and I am sure it has support on the other side of the aisle in the Senate—to make it easier for citizens to acquire silencers. Why? Let me tell you something. One of the few ways the police had to go after the shooter was trying to hear the sound of where the guns were coming from. Thank God our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have pulled back on this bill. It is not the first time. They had to postpone a hearing on the bill when the congressional baseball team was attacked during an early morning practice. When two mass shootings force you to delay a bill that would make those mass shootings harder to detect and stop, maybe it is a sign that you ought to let go of the bill once and for all. Of course, we have this absurd NRA nostrum that if everyone were to have a gun, we would all be safe because if people were in an arena—a place— where someone was shooting, they could shoot them back. They sure could not have shot back at someone who was 32 stories up in a hotel. This idea that the only thing that can stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun is absurd in this situation. It is absurd in many situations. So where do we go from here? This place has been gridlocked on the issue of gun control for a while. Presi-dent Trump, before he ran for office, was for certain sane, rational, limited aspects of gun control. After Sandy, he called for the gun laws to be tightened. I know when he ran, that the power of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.002 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6269 October 3, 2017 
the NRA, the money of the NRA, and the narrow special interest of the NRA lobbyists here were just the swamp he decried—small groups going against the public interest and persuading Con-gress to do that. Yet maybe he can have a bit of a reawakening, in the hor-ror of what happened, as he goes to Las Vegas tomorrow. Today I am calling on the President to come out against the absurd law about silencers—to threaten a veto if he must and put an end to that bill. I am also calling on President Trump to bring together the leaders of Congress and let both sides know he is ready and willing to address head-on this issue of gun safety. He should tell Members of his party it is time to work to address this epidemic that costs the lives of more than 30,000 Americans a year. I am glad the President is going to Las Vegas—that is a good idea—but he should take it a step further. He should call us together and lead this Nation in some rational laws about gun safety that the overwhelming majority of Americans—Democrats, Republicans, and Independents—support. If we truly want to honor our first re-sponders and protect our fellow Ameri-cans, as we say we do, President Trump should stand up and tell the NRA that they are not always right, abandon some of their most extreme policies—I would abandon most of them—and come to the table and do the work that so many Americans are desperate for Congress to do. 
PUERTO RICO AND U .S. VIRGIN ISLANDS  
RECOVERY EFFORT  
Mr. President, on another matter, the crisis in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, today, President Trump will be visiting Puerto Rico nearly 2 weeks after Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico. In my view, the lateness of his visit is indicative of his leadership and the Federal response to this humanitarian crisis. It has been slow, it hasn’t been well coordinated or sure-footed, and it has been too late in coming. President Obama visited Sandy two days after the storms hit. President Trump himself was much quicker to visit Texas when Harvey hit. Two weeks is too long. It is better than nothing. That is for sure. But it is too long. It sends a signal that maybe he believes what happened in Puerto Rico is less important than what happened in Texas or in Florida. In the lead-up to Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, President Trump was tweeting on an almost daily basis, pre-vailing on Texans and Floridians to stay safe from the storm. That was the right thing to do. But when it came to Puerto Rico, there were no tweets or public statements in the lead-up to the storm, and it took several days to even mention Puerto Rico in his tweets. Even then, he had mostly blame for Puerto Rico or pats on the back for his own administration. He kept decrying fake news, but he couldn’t fool the American people. They saw on TV what was happening and the devastation that stayed for so long. Let me give a comparison. The Presi-dent said that, because it is an island, it is harder to get to. It is, but when Haiti was struck by a massive earth-quake in 2010, the United States didn’t wait for things to get worse. We ramped up military and disaster assist-ance quickly and responded with an overwhelming amount of support. Within 2 days of the earthquake in Haiti, 8,000 troops were in route. With-in 2 weeks, 22,000 troops were in route with 300 helicopters assisting relief ef-forts. Even to this moment, the num-ber for Puerto Rico is much smaller. That shows that the response has not been good enough. Why was his re-sponse for Puerto Rico so much less than the response for Haiti? So we need a much better response on the ground in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. I would say to Presi-dent Trump, I am glad you are going— glad you are going—but this is your chance to make up for what has been a plodding start. When the President visits Puerto Rico today, he should not get into any political fights or blame Puerto Rico for its problems. The President needs to figure out what is wrong and what else has to be done and marshal the re-sources of our government and our military to fix it. The 3.5 million American citizens in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands are counting on their President. These are American citizens. TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, returning to the Re-publican tax plan, over the weekend, we heard some pretty absurd claims from Republican legislators and Cabi-net officials about the tax plan. The President and his top advisers are sell-ing this as a middle-class miracle, but every independent analyst is saying that the Republican plan focuses on the rich to the exclusion of the middle class. The GOP tax plan lowers the top rate from 39.6 to 35 percent and repeals the estate tax, which affects only the top two-tenths of 1 percent of the estates in this country, or any estate over $11 million. That is not the middle class. It lowers the rate on passthrough enti-ties, creating a huge loophole that would allow wealthy hedge fund man-agers, law firms, and lobbyists to pay a rate that is a lot lower. According to the Tax Policy Center, the top one- tenth of 1 percent would reap 80 per-cent of the benefits of the GOP plan. The top 0.1 percent, or folks who make more than $5 million a year, would get a break of a million dollars a year. How many Americans believe that people who make over $5 million a year should get a $1 million tax break? That is what is in the bill right now. They are saying that maybe it will change, but why did they put out such a shoddy product to begin with? Why didn’t they wait and put in more de-tails than what is there now? It is not a middle-class tax cut by any stretch of the imagination. Those who put to-gether this bill, the hard rightwing of the Republican Party, really aren’t in-terested in middle-class tax cuts. They are interested in tax cuts for the rich and scraps for everyone else. Nothing makes this clearer than their budget resolution, and every day this plan comes with a surprise. Here is the surprise today, and it is amazing. The Republican budget reso-lution calls for a $450 billion cut in Medicare. Folks, this tax bill cuts your Medicare. In the budget bill that out-lines the tax bill that we are doing this week, the plan calls for a $473 billion cut in Medicare and more than $1 tril-lion in cuts to Medicaid. If you are an older American, you are saying: Maybe this tax bill will not af-fect me. It sure will. It sure will because, amazingly, to pay for these tax cuts for the wealthiest of Americans—the most powerful of Americans—they cut your Medicare by over $450 billion and cut Medicaid by $1 trillion. Haven’t our Republican colleagues learned? When they tried to do a simi-lar thing in healthcare—to cut healthcare so they could save money and cut taxes on the very wealthy— they had to abandon it. This is going to meet a similar problem. It is going to meet the opprobrium of the American people—$1.5 trillion in tax cuts for the wealthiest of Americans—and the budget tees up even more cuts to Medi-care. If the GOP tax plan were to pass, another provision known as statutory pay-go would offset the deficit increase automatically with cuts to Medicare and many other programs that support our Nation’s economy. So not only does this bill favor the rich, the very wealthy, but to help finance those tax cuts for the wealthy, they are cutting Medicare by one-half trillion dollars— close to one-half trillion dollars—and they are cutting Medicaid by $1 tril-lion. So this is just like the Republicans’ first healthcare bill, but in reverse. In the first TrumpCare bill, the Repub-licans proposed cutting back on healthcare to sneak through tax breaks for the rich. Now they are proposing massive tax cuts to the rich to sneak through cuts to healthcare. Wait till America finds out about this bill. It is going to get the same cold, horrified reception that the healthcare bill did, and it will not pass. The American people will not be fooled. They have seen this movie be-fore. The top 1 percent of corporations would win, and millions of seniors, the disabled, and working-class Americans would lose, and lose a lot. The rich are doing great. They don’t need a tax break. To compound the in-jury, to say we are going to pay for their big tax break by cutting Medicare and Medicaid, that ain’t going to fly. Don’t even try it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.003 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6270 October 3, 2017 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, yester-day I mentioned how our colleagues across the aisle and, of course, some groups outside of Capitol Hill have pre-dictably started attacking tax reform, actually a plan that doesn’t even yet exist in legislative language. With the fall season now upon us, they have de-cided to shoot arrows at a straw man. One would think, given their effusive support for tax reform in the past, our Democratic friends would at least wait to review the legislation before they pounce on it. I had hoped that they would work with us to come up with a bipartisan plan, but I guess I am not entirely surprised. That has never stopped them before from pillorying smart policy when it served a political end. Yes, they are already piling on, spreading misinformation, and assum-ing the worst because that is the easy and politically expedient thing to do. The problem is that many of the criti-cisms of our framework have been mis-leading and counterproductive. Worse, some Members seem more content to misconstrue a plan than to understand it and give it a fair hearing. Allow me to clarify the record for just a moment. What is most striking is that the new framework unveiled by the so-called Big 6 shares many of the core features of previous plans that were widely embraced by Democrats— not only that, but many of the folks who are now critical of the new plan came out in support of these provisions as recently as this year. The senior Senator from Oregon is typical in this regard. In response to our framework, he said that ‘‘this is a far-right Repub-lican scheme to endow future genera-tions of the mega wealthy and leave what amounts to crumbs for the mid-dle-class behind.’’ That is kind of a breathtaking allegation. Those are in-deed strong statements, but the Amer-ican people are smart. The American people realize that the plan our col-league from Oregon is criticizing is similar to the one he sponsored and promoted in 2011. Let’s get the facts straight. The Sen-ator from Oregon had previously spon-sored a plan in 2011 with our former colleague, Senator Coats of Indiana, called the Wyden-Coats plan. Here on the left is the Big 6 framework that he described. Let me read that again. He said that ‘‘this is a far-right Republican scheme to endow future generations of the mega wealthy and leave what amounts to crumbs for the middle-class behind.’’ Well, here is the framework he was criticizing by the language I just pro-vided, and here is his plan in 2011. Each of these plans—the Wyden-Coats plan from 2011 and the one we are consid-ering now—is based on three individual tax rates. Both the plan the Senator from Oregon once supported and the one we are now discussing, the frame-work, would collapse seven tax brack-ets in the current system down to three, vastly simplifying the Tax Code and the burden of complying with that Tax Code by ordinary Americans. Each plan would also eliminate the alter-native minimum tax. It vastly in-creases the standard deduction. The Wyden-Coats plan would have tripled it. The Big 6 framework, which he criticized, doubles the standard deduc-tion, making it so that a married cou-ple who earn $24,000 or less would be es-sentially in a zero tax bracket. So my question is, What has changed, other than the political party of the President in office? These changes to our Tax Code used to be noncontrover-sial, and certainly not partisan. The Big 6 plan isn’t just similar to the Wyden one, though. It also shares key features with the so-called Simp-son-Bowles plan from 2010, which not long ago was embraced by a number of Democrats, including the current mi-nority whip, the Senator from Illinois. Here is a comparison of the so-called Big 6 framework and the Simpson- Bowles plan. As you can see, there are a lot of similarities: seven brackets collapsed into three, eliminating the alternative minimum tax, and elimi-nating a number of itemized deductions or so-called base broadeners. It en-hances the child tax credit, and it low-ers the corporate rate. These proposals were once a no- brainer for Republicans and Democrats alike. So why the change in tune? Our Democratic colleagues used to think these reforms were long overdue. They were right then, and they are wrong now. None other than the Senate minority leader, our colleague from New York, has said: ‘‘To preserve our inter-national competitiveness, it is impera-tive that we seek to reduce the cor-porate tax rate from 35 percent.’’ That was the Senator from New York in 2012. He said: ‘‘This will boost growth and encourage more companies to reinvest in the United States.’’ He was absolutely correct in 2012. He is entirely wrong now to change his view and suggest that this is somehow a wrong way to approach getting the economy growing again and encour-aging businesses that have earned money overseas to bring that money back home and invest it in businesses and jobs and pay for American workers here at home. We do need to change incentives, and we do need to spur growth. That is why the new framework we are considering will create a new tax structure for small businesses, allowing them to bet-ter compete. Once upon a time, none of this was particularly partisan, and many of our colleagues across the aisle got the pic-ture. Our colleagues from Ohio, Min-nesota, and Missouri have all said in recent years that we should lower the corporate tax rate, not because we love corporations but because we recognize that provides incentives for them to stay here and invest in jobs and busi-nesses in America rather than over-seas. But it also makes it more likely that hard-working Americans will be able to find a job and that the jobs they hold will actually pay better wages. Thanks to our reduction in indi-vidual tax rates, they will actually have more take-home pay. As some have pointed out, this literally would raise their standard of living and make it possible for them to provide for their children’s education, maybe buy a reli-able car so that they can go back and forth to their job every day, maybe buy a home, or perhaps save for their re-tirement. There is nothing partisan about wanting an updated and more competi-tive tax code that will incentivize busi-nesses to keep jobs on American soil. That is what the so-called reduction in the corporate rate will do. Right now, we have the highest cor-porate rate in the world, so many busi-nesses have simply picked up their roots here in America and have moved overseas to countries that have lower tax rates because they simply can’t ra-tionalize to their shareholders, to whom they have a fiduciary duty, pay-ing higher taxes and remaining in the United States. So they take it over-seas. Even for those who stay behind—be-cause of our extraordinarily high tax rate and the fact they literally would have to pay double taxes for income earned abroad and brought back to the United States—they pay the tax rate in the country where the money is earned, bring it back to the United States, and have to pay twice. So they pay 35 percent on top of whatever they have to pay in the countries where the money is earned. Is it any wonder, for example, that IBM—I read this last weekend—actu-ally has more jobs in India than it does in the United States? Let me say that again. IBM, the global computer com-pany, has more jobs in India today than it does in the United States. I have no doubt that has to do with cer-tain incentives the country will pay to companies to invest and to build their business in their country, and, no doubt, it has to do with access to skilled labor. That certainly has to be a part of it, but there can be no doubt that our Tax Code is simply encour-aging companies like IBM to shift more of their work overseas. Even if they wanted to bring the money they have earned overseas back to the United States, they would have to pay twice. So what do they do? They sim-ply invest in their workforce, they sim-ply invest in their business in another country, much to our detriment. If something is broken, which our Tax Code is, it needs to be fixed, not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.004 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6271 October 3, 2017 
avoided. Our Democratic colleagues need to once again acknowledge this, as so many of them did when it came to our outdated Tax Code, as I pointed out. There is no reason why tax reform can’t be bipartisan, and if our col-leagues just returned to some of their statements, which I have highlighted here—if they returned to those policies in a bipartisan fashion and worked with us, we could change our Tax Code for the better. We could make it sim-pler. We could make sure individuals have lower tax rates so they could have more take-home pay from the wages they earn and, in the process, improve their standard of living for themselves and their families. Finally, we could become more competitive in a global economy where the highest tax rate in the world does not serve American in-terests well. It doesn’t serve the inter-ests of American businesses well, and it doesn’t serve the interests of American workers or taxpayers either. We can do this. All it takes is polit-ical will. All it takes is approaching this in a fashion that benefits all Americans on a nonpartisan basis. I hope our colleagues will listen. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, the aftermath of Las Vegas is a time for this Senator to reflect on whether a shooting is like Mateen’s, in the Or-lando nightclub, where he was moti-vated as a terrorist, and then there was the remarkable recovery of Congress-man S
CALISE in the attempted killing of S
CALISE by a shooter who was moti-vated by politics, and then there is the massive massacre in Las Vegas, appar-ently by a shooter who was mentally deranged in some form. The fact is, massive amounts of ammunition with high-caliber, rapid-fire assault weapons is making this easier for whatever the motivation of the shooter is. As a re-sult, you get to the point of, how many more of these do we have before you say enough is enough? That leads to the subject of politics. When does humanity overtake the divi-siveness of our politics so we can come together and have a commonsense dis-cussion about what should be done? Be-cause if we don’t, and humanity does not overtake our politics, we will con-tinue, and it will be more of the same. So I ask—I yearn for that public but also private discussion with our col-leagues because going down this road over and over again is not going to be the answer, and we ought to say enough is enough. (The remarks of Mr. N
ELSON per-taining to the introduction of S. 1907 are printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING LOUIS J . AMABILI  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I rise today to honor Lou Amabili, a true Delawarean, a fantastic, dedicated, and tireless volunteer, a gentleman who dedicated his life and service to others. Mr. Louis J. Amabili, the son of Italian immigrants, rose from volun-teering at his local volunteer fire com-pany to become one of the most impor-tant and trusted voices in the Amer-ican fire service. Lou passed away last Thursday, September 28. Lou was a giant in the fire service community, and his decades of dedi-cated service are a testament to how much he cared about his calling and his neighbors. Lou was a legend in the Delaware firefighting community, es-pecially in my small hometown of Hockessin, DE. Lou proudly served the Hockessin Fire Company for 70 years, holding every position one could pos-sibly hold—chief engineer, first and second assistant chief, along with vice president, president, president emer-itus, and director. Lou was a humble, down-to-earth, passionate, and caring gentleman. He rarely sought the limelight, even as he was often thrust into it. He could walk into any event, whether a national con-vention or just a local meeting, and know an individual’s name, making them feel as if they were the most im-portant person in the room. Lou embodied the term ‘‘public serv-ant,’’ which so many of us aspire to, yet he quietly and with dignity achieved this for decades. He heard his calling to serve his community, and he embraced it with dedication and a quiet passion. There was no greater ally of fire-fighters in Delaware or across the country than Lou. His continued serv-ice of seven-plus decades set the high-est standard of dedication to the volun-teer fire service. I first had the honor of meeting Lou around 2000 when I was county council president. Over my decade of service in New Castle County government, Lou was a frequent source of powerful ad-vice, encouragement, insight, and occa-sional correction. I always looked for-ward to seeing him, whether at a coun-ty meeting, a State meeting, or at a national organization meeting. I was always certain I would get honest, di-rect, and constructive feedback from Lou about how things were going at home and how things were going na-tionally for America’s firefighters. Lou’s nationally recognized service is long and impressive. He first gained na-tional recognition in the fire service when President Richard Nixon ap-pointed him to serve on the National Commission for Fire Prevention and Control in 1970—the Commission that produced the landmark report, ‘‘Amer-ica Burning.’’ A graduate of Conrad High School and of the University of Delaware with a degree in chemistry, Lou was ap-pointed the first director of the Dela-ware State Fire School in 1964 and served in that capacity for more than three decades through 1996. Upon his retirement, then-Governor TOMCAR-
PER, my senior Senator, signed a reso-lution naming the Delaware State Fire School the Louis J. Amabili Fire Training Center. From 1973 to 1980, Lou served as president of the International Society of Fire Service Instructors. From 1978 to 1986, he served as a charter member of the National Fire Academy Board of Visitors. Lou also served on the NFPA board of directors for 6 years in the 1980s and was chairman of the Fire De-partment Instructors Conference in 1979 and 1980. Widely respected by his colleagues, the president of Congressional Fire Services Institute, William F. Jenaway, said: 
Throughout his entire career, Lou was fully committed to the health and safety of the men and women who have served in the fire service. He was always willing and eager to share his knowledge with both aspiring and veteran firefighters and cared deeply about preserving the fire service’s rich herit-age. It was an honor to serve with him for many years on the CFSI Board of Directors. I valued his friendship as did my fellow board members. . . . His contributions to our orga-nization and to the nation’s fire service will preserve his legacy as a legendary leader for many years to come. 
While the fire service and the safety of his fellow firefighters was his pas-sion, his family was his love. Lou’s wife of nearly 60 years, Carmella, was his constant companion as he traveled ex-tensively to national conventions, local meetings, or speaking engage-ments. Lou’s daughter Janice; his son Louis Junior and his wife Bridget; his grandson Louis J. Amabili III and his wife Lacie; and Lou’s great-grand-children, Lyza and Silas, will be for-ever proud of his legacy of service to Hockessin, to Delaware, and to our Na-tion. Lou was an inspiration to genera-tions of volunteers, first responders, and firefighters, not just in his home company in our small town of Hockessin but to all the firefighters of Delaware and our country. Lou Amabili was exactly the sort of man on whom the safety of our Nation has been built and whose service and dedication to his community and his neighbors will never be forgotten. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). The Senator from Louisiana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.006 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6272 October 3, 2017 
SOCIAL SECURITY  
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I want to talk a little bit about Social Secu-rity and, specifically, about the wind-fall elimination provision and the gov-ernment pension offset. Now, I know that sounds real technical, but, basi-cally, here is the problem. We have a lot of Americans who have paid into Social Security who are now getting screwed by Social Security. They are not getting their money back. All of us want to do everything we can to maintain the stability and sanctity of the Social Security system, and I think all of us believe that we all ought to get the Social Security pay-ments that we are entitled to. That is all this issue is about. Let me explain. For many middle-class Americans, receiving Social Security at retirement is sort of like a welcoming light at the end of the tunnel. They have worked hard, they have retired, and now they are entitled to some of the money back that they paid into the Social Security system. I am talking, of course, about the hard-working women and the hard- working men who have seen a chunk of their monthly earnings go into the So-cial Security system throughout their entire careers—10, 15, 20, and some-times 30 and 40 years. These same Americans have not seen a pay raise or an increase in their median household income for a long time. The median household income in America today, as the Presiding Officer knows, is pretty much the same as it was in 1999. I guess whom I am talking about are ordinary people. You can call it the middle class, if you would like, or working families. They were the ones who were hit the hardest by the great recession of 2008. They have been strug-gling throughout their lives to partici-pate in the great wealth of this Nation. They are entitled to participate in the great wealth of this Nation, and they should not have to keep on struggling to get money for retirement from the Social Security system when they have already paid into the Social Security system. The principle behind Social Security is pretty simple. Throughout your working life, you pay some money and your employer pays some money. When you are done working, or when you re-tire, according to a formula, you get your money back through a Social Se-curity check. It is simple in theory. You put money in, and when you hit the retirement age, you get some of it back, except that for 1.7 million Ameri-cans, that is not the case. That is not how the system works for them. That includes about 38,000 hard-working folks in my home State of Louisiana, but there are a lot more in other States as well. I am talking about mil-lions of teachers, police officers, fire-fighters, and a lot of other folks who earn modest pensions in service to their communities who face little or no access to Social Security. Here is what I am talking about. I am talking about a teacher who paid into the Social Security system. I am talking about teachers or firefighters or policemen who paid into their own retirement systems. So they are rock-ing along. They are, basically, paying into two retirement systems—Social Security and the private retirement system. They are doing the right thing in getting up every day, going to work, obeying the law, and trying to save money for retirement. It is deferred gratification. They are ready to retire, but because they were prudent enough to invest in a private retirement sys-tem, they do not get their Social Secu-rity check even though they have al-ready paid into it. Additionally, a worker can pass away before reaching retirement age not even knowing that his spouse and children will not have full access to his Social Security sur-vivors’ benefits. That is just not right. Until 2005, there was not even a legal requirement for human resources to notify workers that switching careers would affect their eligibility for Social Security or Social Security survivors’ benefits. Many of these 1.7 million Americans who are getting screwed tried to do the right thing. They paid into a private retirement system, and they paid into Social Security only to find out later that they can get their money from the private retirement system but that they cannot get their money from Social Security. They are being punished for being prudent. Many of them retire with no idea that that is the law. By then, of course, it is too late. In June of this year, one in six Amer-icans collected Social Security bene-fits, and I am happy for every one of them because, to collect, they had to pay in. That is about 61 million Ameri-cans. By 2031, when the last of the baby boomers hits retirement age, that number is going to increase to about 75 million Americans. These are going to be our seniors. They are our seniors, and they are our seniors to be. They are battling against the rising costs of housing, healthcare, automobiles, taxes, and fees. Many of them have had their private retirement accounts or home values wrecked by the great re-cession. Yet these Americans press on. When we talk about tax reform—and we are going to be talking a lot about tax reform here over the next few weeks—we need to make clear that we are talking about reforms that will help these middle-class Americans. They are the people who get up every day, go to work, obey the law, and try to do the right thing by their kids and teach their kids morals and try to save a little money for retirement. Let me be blunt. I would like to eliminate the windfall elimination pro-vision and the government pension off-set in the Social Security office. I think it would be a vital step in ensur-ing that our middle-class seniors can enjoy continued economic security after their retirements. Not only would it help the economy, but it is the right thing to do. I sum up. We can provide economic relief immediately to some of those middle-class retirees about whom I have been talking by eliminating the windfall elimination provision and the government pension offset of the So-cial Security system. It will not cost much money. It will have a small ef-fect on the cost of Social Security, at about 0.13 percent—not 13 percent but 0.13 percent. It is a little over one- tenth of 1 percent. After taking care of this simple fix, which is more than about money—it is about fairness—we can turn our eyes to out-of-control Washington spending to ensure that Social Security remains a reliable source of retirement income for Americans in the long term. Thank you. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, a recent survey reported that 50 percent of peo-ple in this country consider themselves living paycheck to paycheck, and one third of these people say they are just $400 away from financial crisis. That is not acceptable. Unfortunately, after 8 years of eco-nomic stagnation under the Obama ad-ministration, living paycheck to pay-check is starting to feel like the new normal for most Americans. But it doesn’t have to be. We have the re-sources to be the strongest economy in the world. American workers and job creators are as dynamic and creative as ever, and they can get our economy thriving again. In order to get them to do that, we need to clear some obsta-cles in their path. That starts with re-forming our complicated and outdated Tax Code, which has increasingly been strangling our economy. This month, Republicans in the House and Senate are making com-prehensive tax reform one of our top priorities. After weeks of work, last week leaders from the Senate, the House, and the White House unveiled the framework that will guide our final tax reform legislation. The framework is built around Re-publicans’ five principles for tax re-form: first, providing tax relief for the middle class; second, increasing wages, jobs, and economic growth; third, keep-ing good-paying jobs here at home in America; fourth, increasing American competitiveness in the global economy; and, finally, fifth, simplifying the Tax Code. The framework outlines our plans to provide relief for middle-class families. First, we will lower rates for hard- working Americans. By collapsing the seven income tax brackets to three, we will ensure that working families get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.010 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6273 October 3, 2017 
to keep more of what they earn. Our plan will also expand the child tax credit and make it available to more families, and our plan doubles the standard deduction, which will provide significant relief for those who need it the most. Under our plan, a family making $24,000 a year will no longer owe any Federal income taxes. All of these measures will provide direct re-lief to working families. Just as important for families, how-ever, is the other half of our tax reform plan, which involves creating the kind of economic environment where hard- working Americans can thrive—the kind of environment where Americans have access to good jobs, higher wages, and more opportunities. Over the past few weeks, I have come to the floor to talk about Republicans’ tax reform principles and have high-lighted some of the ways our tax re-form plan will improve the economic outlook for American families. Last week, I talked about our third prin-ciple, reforming our Tax Code to keep those good-paying jobs here at home. This week I would like to spend a few minutes talking about our fourth prin-ciple, which is keeping American busi-nesses competitive in the global econ-omy. In order for individual Americans to thrive economically, we need our busi-nesses to thrive. Thriving businesses create jobs, provide opportunities, and they increase wages and invest in workers. Right now, though, our Tax Code is not helping businesses thrive, and it is making it more difficult for American businesses with an inter-national footprint to compete in the global economy. Our Nation has the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized world—at least 10 percentage points higher than the majority of our international com-petitors. It doesn’t take an economist to realize that high tax rates leave businesses with less money to invest, less money to spend on wages, less money to create new jobs, less money to devote to research and development of new products and services, and less money to put back into new property or equipment for those businesses. This situation is compounded when an American business has international competitors that are paying a lot less in taxes than you are. It is no surprise that U.S. businesses struggling to stay competitive in the global economy don’t have a lot of resources to devote to creating new jobs and increasing wages. On top of our high business tax rates, there is another major problem with our Tax Code that puts American busi-nesses at a competitive disadvantage globally—our outdated worldwide tax system. What does it mean to have a world-wide tax system? It means that Amer-ican companies pay U.S. taxes on the profit they make here at home, as well as on part of the profits they make abroad once they bring that money back home to the United States. The problem with this is that most other major world economies have shifted from a worldwide tax system to a terri-torial tax system. In a territorial tax system, taxes are paid on the money earned where it is made and only there. You are not taxed again when you bring money back to your home country. Most American companies’ foreign competitors have been operating under a territorial tax system for years. So they pay a lot less taxes on the money they make abroad than American companies pay. That leaves American companies at a dis-advantage. Foreign companies can underbid American companies for new business simply because they don’t have to add as much in taxes into the price of their products or services. When foreign companies beat out American compa-nies for new business, it is not just American companies that suffer. It is American workers. That is why a key part of the tax framework that Repub-licans unveiled last week involves low-ering our massive corporate tax rate and transitioning our tax system from a worldwide tax system into a terri-torial tax system. By making Amer-ican businesses more competitive in the global economy, we can improve the playing field for American workers. There are a lot of other things we are going to do to help hard-working fami-lies and American workers, from im-proving the tax situation for small businesses to helping family business owners, farmers, and ranchers like those in my home State of South Da-kota by repealing the death tax. Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle like to complain about our plans to repeal the death tax. They complain that it is not something to really worry about since they claim relatively few estates are expected to actually have to pay the tax. Well, I would like them to come and talk to some of the farmers and ranchers in my State of South Dakota. Some of these farmers and ranchers are paying tens of thousands of dollars a year in an effort to avoid having their families hit by the estate tax when they die. Why? Because they know that without careful and costly planning, if the Fed-eral Government comes around after their death demanding a staggering 40 percent of their estate, their children won’t have the money to pay the gov-ernment without risking the farm or the ranch. Farming and ranching is a land-rich but cash-poor business. Farmers and ranchers own valuable land, but they are only earning cash on the crops they grow or the livestock they raise on that land. So while their overall farm or ranch may have a substantial value, the amount of money they have com-ing in is relatively small and subject to the swings in the market from year to year. Too often, when farmers and ranchers die, the vast portion of their estate is made up of their land, while actual disposable income is a very small part of it. If they don’t take measures to avoid having their family hit by the death tax, the family will have no choice but to sell off some or all of their land to pay the govern-ment, which means, in many cases, los-ing the family’s farm or ranch. And the same situation faces other types of family-owned businesses across the country where the value of the estate is tied up in that business. Removing the threat of the death tax for family-owned businesses, farms, and ranches would free up resources that these business owners could invest in their businesses and in our economy instead of on complex estate plans, in-surance, and expensive tax profes-sionals. Before I move on, let me just remind everybody that when we talk about the death tax, we are talking about double and sometimes triple taxation. The money the government is taxing has already been taxed at least once. It boggles the mind that some think that a person’s death is justification for tax-ing his or her income a second or a third time. Death should not be a tax-able event. When someone dies, they shouldn’t have to see the undertaker and the IRS at the same time. Our Tax Code is increasingly stran-gling our economy and placing heavy burdens on hard-working American families. If we want to improve the economic situation of American fami-lies, comprehensive tax reform is es-sential. Republicans in the House and the Senate are continuing to work on the final draft of the bill that we will take up later this fall. I look forward to passing comprehensive tax reform that will help American families thrive, that will create greater economic growth, better paying jobs, higher wages, and bigger paychecks for Amer-ican workers. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:33 p.m., recessed until 2:16 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. S
TRANGE ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING  
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, a trag-edy took place in Las Vegas this week. It is a tragedy that has affected hun-dreds of families. It is a tragedy in which each and every one of us sends our prayers to those who have lost loved ones. And to those who have fam-ily members who are now hospitalized, we send our prayers to you as well, with the great hope that a full recov-ery is in their future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.011 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6274 October 3, 2017 
This was an unimaginable event that occurred in our country. It is now time for us to talk about this issue. There are many people who say this is not the time to talk about it, but the truth is, the only thing the National Rifle Association wants more than to sell lots of gun silencers is to put a silencer on the debate about gun safety legisla-tion. The only thing the NRA wants more than allowing nationwide con-cealed carry laws is to conceal the overwhelming support for background checks. The only thing the NRA wants more than to stifle smart gun tech-nology is to stifle debate on gun vio-lence prevention. So to anyone who says having this debate now is too soon, it is already too late for at least 59 people in Las Vegas and hundreds of others who were wounded. We should not wait another day. We need to pass commonsense gun safety legislation so that we can hold a moment of silence for the National Rifle Association’s stranglehold on American politics. That is what must end in our country. We need a debate on this floor on background checks. We need a debate in this Chamber on whether we are going to do research on the relation-ship between guns and violence in our society. We don’t need to debate the issue of bringing silencers into our so-ciety that can be attached to guns and that would have made it infinitely more difficult for the police to find where the shooter was or for people to know that they needed to hide or move to a more secure location. That would not have happened. We would not have had 59 deaths; we could have had 259 deaths, 559 deaths, or 959 deaths be-cause a silencer would have given less notice to all of those people that they should be moving and hiding and pro-tecting themselves and their loved ones. On concealed carry, the Republicans are moving a bill that allows for some-one to conceal a gun under a law in one State—because that State allows you to conceal a gun, you would be able to move into any other State and con-tinue to conceal a gun even though that State’s laws prohibit concealing guns. They want that law to move through. So when the Republicans talk about debating gun control, what they are talking about is lessening the safety around these guns, lowering the stand-ards that would protect people, and al-lowing for silencers to now be prolifer-ating on these assault weapons, these weapons of war that should not be on the streets of our country and that have the capacity to kill people with-out people hearing them. They say they are needed because we need to protect people’s hearing when they are firing assault weapons. Well, it is more important that the police hear the bullets and that the people who might be hit hear the sound of those bullets as they are leaving the gun. That is going to provide far more protection. It is far more important that the police in a State or in a city know that someone has a concealed weapon. It is critically important for police protection. But the National Rifle Association does not want those kinds of protections to remain on the books. That is who they are. That is what they want. What should we be debating? We should be debating background checks. We should be debating whether some-one should be able to buy a gun on Instagram and turn it into an ‘‘insta- gun’’ without background checks. That is what we should be talking about out here. Over 90 percent of Americans want stronger background checks. Yet the Republican leadership turns a deaf ear to the request of the American people because the National Rifle Association does not want there to be background checks on people who are buying guns in our country. More Americans have died from gun violence in the past 50 years on the streets of America than have died in all of our Nation’s wars overseas in our en-tire history. Let me say that again. More people have died from guns in our own country in the last 50 years than all of our soldiers, sailors, Air Force, and marines have died going all the way back to 1776. That is how much of an epidemic this is in our country. It is an epidemic that now kills 33,000 people every single year in our country, but the Federal Government’s investment in researching gun violence is zero. Diabetes—76,000 U.S. deaths annu-ally; they get $170 million at the Cen-ters for Disease Control. Flu—57,000 deaths a year; they get $187 million for research. Asthma—3,600 deaths a year; they get $29 million for research at the Centers for Disease Control. Gun vio-lence—zero. An epidemic is ravaging our country, and the Republicans will not fund research to find this link be-tween violence and the use of guns in our society, to do the research that can help us to reduce this carnage on the streets of our country. And because of an appropriations rider from the 1990s, the Centers for Disease Control hasn’t conducted research into the causes of gun violence and how to prevent it. If 20 young children in Newtown had died of Ebola, we would have invested fund-ing to study it. If 59 people in Las Vegas died of Zika, would we study it? Absolutely. But our country is suf-fering from an illness, and we have let it spread because we refuse to write a treatment plan. The American Medical Association supports ending the ban on research. The American Public Health Associa-tion supports ending the ban on re-search. More than 141 groups want to end this ban on researching the link between guns and violence in our soci-ety. The bill I have introduced with Rep-resentative M
ALONEY gives $10 million to the Centers for Disease Control every single year. Shouldn’t we be studying how to stop people from firing guns and give the medical, the sci-entific, and the public health commu-nity the resources they need? We also need to develop new smart gun technologies that would improve safety and reduce accidental shootings. My bill would authorize grants to de-velop and personalize handgun tech-nology to increase efficiency and de-crease costs. If you can use a finger-print to operate your iPhone, you should be able to do the same thing with your gun to make sure that safety is ensured, to make sure it is your thumbprint on that gun, that if your gun is stolen or lost, no one else would be able to use that gun. Does that make sense? Well, your thumb can work for your smartphone. Your thumb could also work for smart gun tech-nology. So this is where we are. We are at this critical point where some people are saying: Not now. It is inappro-priate. We shouldn’t be raising these issues. But what we should be debating is what the American people want us to debate. Over 90 percent want back-ground checks on anyone who buys a gun in our country to make sure they are qualified, to make sure they do not have something in their background that should disqualify them from own-ing a gun in our country. Our debate here should really be about one thing: making the NRA stand for ‘‘not relevant anymore’’ in American politics. The task for the Re-publican Party is different. It will be whether they will kill these bills that would legalize more fully silencers being put on automatic weapons in our country, kill the concealed carry law, which is moving through the House and Senate driven by Republicans, and, in-stead, debate the kinds of things that make our country safer, the kinds of things that poll after poll is showing that the American people want us to do. That is going to be our challenge in the days and weeks and months ahead. This is the time; this is the place. We are the people who must be conducting this debate to make sure we add an extra measure of safety that American families can rely upon. I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, my colleague from Massachusetts has re-ferred to the tragedy that we all watched unfold late on Sunday evening in Las Vegas, NV—the tragedy, the horror, the shock of so many. Alaska has felt the brunt of that tragedy as well. We lost two Alaskans; at least one other was injured. Mr. Adrian Murfitt from Anchorage, a commercial fisherman, lost his life that evening. Dorene Anderson, who is a mom and self-described hockey promoter, will not be returning to Alaska with her family. Rob McIntosh, who is a realtor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.013 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6275 October 3, 2017 
from the Fairbanks-North Pole area, was also injured. Our prayers are with him and with all of the families. Whether they are from Alaska or from around the country, the tragedy, the loss, is just a shocking emotion that has been brought to this Nation. It is really horrifying on so many dif-ferent levels. I express my condolences not only to the families of the Alas-kans whom we have lost but to all of those who are suffering. 
PUERTO RICO AND U .S. VIRGIN ISLANDS  
RECOVERY EFFORT  
Mr. President, I want to speak on an-other matter, and that is the tragedy related to natural disasters we have seen visited on our country, the dev-astating impacts that Hurricanes Irma and Maria have had on the U.S. Virgin Islands and in Puerto Rico, the current relief efforts that are underway on those islands, and how we might help in the long term to rebuild, particu-larly as it relates to their electric grid and their power sector. Mr. President, as the Presiding Offi-cer serves on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, I have the honor of being the chairman of that Com-mittee, and that is the committee of jurisdiction for our territories. Our committee’s history dates back to 1816, when it was then called the Committee on Public Lands. The ac-quisition of Puerto Rico, the Phil-ippines, and Guam in 1898, through the Treaty of Paris, led to the creation of the Committee on Insular Affairs in 1899. The U.S. Virgin Islands were in-cluded in that committee’s jurisdiction following their purchase from Denmark in 1917. In 1946, the Committee on Public Lands and the Committee on Insular Affairs merged to form the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs. In 1977, the committees were again reorga-nized, leading to the current structure of the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Our committee has had the proud dis-tinction of working with the territories for the last 70-plus years. Certainly, following Hurricanes Irma and Maria, we are committed to upholding our re-sponsibilities to the people of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Perhaps it is because I was born in a territory—I need to actually look this up; it may be that I am the only Mem-ber of Congress or Member in the Sen-ate who was actually born in a terri-tory—but I feel an affinity. One would not think there is much connection be-tween a small island territory like Puerto Rico and the large landmass that we have in Alaska, but in many ways, Alaska is also islanded in the sense that we are not part of the conti-nental 48. So I do follow with great in-terest and care how Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands are included. With the current focus almost en-tirely on Puerto Rico right now, it can seem like a distant memory that only 2 weeks ago, before Hurricane Maria, we had Hurricane Irma, which hit the islands of St. Thomas and St. John as a category 5 hurricane. One category 5 is bad enough, but then to have a sec-ond category 5 hurricane hit just 2 weeks later, this time impacting the is-land of St. Croix, is almost unfathomable. The devastation we have seen in both the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico can seem overwhelming. Relief operations for the islands are different from what you have with the mainland. When you recognize how you move to accommo-date relief, everything has to be brought in by ship or by plane. You don’t have the convoys of trucks roll-ing down the highway from an adjoin-ing State. You don’t have the ability to take alternative routes to reach the af-fected areas. Once goods are delivered to ports, for instance, it is another challenge, then, to get them from the port for inland distribution. Even under normal operating condi-tions, moving the amount of containers that have flooded into the territories would be a challenge, but when you add into it the debris, the downed power lines, the washed-out bridges and roads, the lack of power, and the driver shortages, the challenges become co-lossal. Then you have other limiting factors. You have competition for hotel rooms and other lodging as you bring in relief workers to go to the islands while refu-gees who have lost their homes try to leave. Again, the logistics are almost overwhelming; it is a logistical night-mare. Despite these very considerable hur-dles, we do see that progress is being made. According to recent reports from the Army Corps of Engineers, Federal and local response crews have been working to reopen the ports and run-ways. In some cases, we have seen sunken ships that need to be removed before a port can begin operations again. In Puerto Rico, 13 of 16 ports are open or open with restrictions. In the U.S. Virgin Islands, five of nine ports are open or open with restrictions. In addition, 15 of 17 priority dams in Puerto Rico have already been in-spected. In the case of Guajataca Dam, it is in the process of being reinforced. The dam’s spillway continues to erode. Rainfall has increased the water level in the reservoir. We have seen that the debris and the downed power lines need to be removed to allow helicopters to place 44 concrete barriers within the spillway channel. In fact, 900 super sandbags are on their way. Pumps and piping are being procured to help de-crease the water level. There are a lot of hands on deck there. For electricity, as of October 1, 5 per-cent of customers in Puerto Rico have had their power restored. The Puerto Rico electric utility expects to have power restored to 15 percent of cus-tomers over the next 2 weeks. I looked at this aspect of it and rec-ognize that it is still pretty warm in Puerto Rico. I checked the weather this afternoon, and it is 87 degrees. Over the next couple of days, it will be 93 degrees. Making sure that folks have power, have an ability to keep fans, to have air conditioning—this is critical. Assessments show significant damage to the transmission and distribution systems, so, again, a great deal of work is yet underway there. In the Virgin Islands, 15 percent of customers in St. Thomas and 10 per-cent of customers in St. Croix have had their power restored. This includes the airports and the hospitals. On the hospitals, I would note that both the hospitals in the U.S. Virgin Islands—one in St. Thomas and one in St. Croix—have sustained heavy dam-age and may need to be replaced. Again, long term, moving forward, this is critical infrastructure. We do know that in the immediate term, the primary relief that Congress can provide is through our appropria-tions process. We will soon be consid-ering another tranche of disaster relief funds so that those impacted by these hurricanes have the food, water, and medicine they need as recovery efforts continue. Other options, such as making the rum tax cover-over payments perma-nent and increasing or lifting the cap on community disaster loans may also need to be considered as ways to get the islands back on their feet. Another part of our responsibility, though, is to look at potential long- term solutions to persistent problems. In the case of Puerto Rico, it is their antiquated electric grid and power gen-eration system. I have had many conversations with many colleagues in these past couple of weeks. I am concerned that current disaster recovery rules may mandate that the damaged or destroyed entity be restored with similar material, com-pared to its condition prior to the dis-aster. What may seem like a good, gen-eral rule of thumb in some scenarios, like this one—I don’t think it makes a lot of sense. Why would we consider spending hundreds of millions of dol-lars to rebuild what was an inefficient, unreliable electric power grid in Puer-to Rico? Making sure that we do right going forward is important for us. I am going to be meeting with officials with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. They have been tasked by FEMA with re-building Puerto Rico’s electricity grid. I am going to meet with the Army Corps and the Department of Energy to see if there is a way to modernize Puer-to Rico’s grid during its rebuild, whether by administrative or legisla-tive action. I think we need to look at different considerations moving for-ward. There has been a discussion about whether it makes more sense to bury transmission lines rather than rebuild towers. We need to look at microgrids and consider whether they should be developed to provide power to commu-nities throughout the island even if the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.014 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6276 October 3, 2017 
islandwide grid is down. This is some-thing our committee has been keenly focused on—the application of microgrids and how they might be bet-ter utilized. I would note on this matter that the urban area of Mayaguez is currently re-ceiving power from the hydro-gas plant that is located within its municipality. It is essentially its own microgrid. But the damaged transmission lines pre-vent electricity from moving to other municipalities across the island. There are other considerations, in-cluding the role that distributed gen-eration plays. Can these Federal enti-ties work with the Puerto Rico Elec-tric Power Authority, PREPA, to de-velop a demonstration project for the island that would make the grid more efficient, more reliable, reduce the cost of electricity to consumers? These are all things that need to be considered. We had a hearing in the Energy Com-mittee this morning on energy storage technologies, and it was mentioned there that regional technology dem-onstrations might be particularly help-ful for Puerto Rico at this time. I intend to visit Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands with other Members a few weeks from now. We know Presi-dent Trump is there today. We are going to wait until the situation has stabilized just a bit more to allow for these relief efforts to continue. When we have an opportunity to observe the situation ourselves, I think it is worth noting that we will, on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, be hold-ing a hearing on the impacts of Hurri-canes Irma and Maria on both Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and I anticipate we will be doing that in the coming weeks. We want to look at not only the damage caused and where re-covery efforts stand but also lessons learned as well as opportunities mov-ing forward as to how we can rebuild Puerto Rico’s electric grid to better than it was before so it does have a re-siliency and it does have a sustain-ability that I think is imperative mov-ing forward. We recognize that the islands have faced a real tragedy in this natural dis-aster, but, from this, can we work quickly to stabilize things in the short term but allow this to be an oppor-tunity to think about Puerto Rico’s long-term energy future—an energy fu-ture that is more resilient and is more sustainable. So our thoughts and prayers are with all who were impacted by these incred-ibly powerful storms as they dig out, as they rebuild, as they restart their lives, and just as we will take care of the people of Texas and Louisiana and Florida, I want to make sure the people of Puerto Rico and the people of the U.S. Virgin Islands know we stand united with them during these excep-tionally difficult times and that we will work with them as partners to make their islands stronger, more re-silient, and better prepared for what-ever the future may bring them. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I would like to start by thanking Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI for her leadership as chairman of the Natural Resources Committee, on which I also serve, in addressing some of the long-term needs of Puerto Rico. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. President, the American people are relieved that the latest version of TrumpCare went down in defeat last week. We won this battle because mil-lions of people made their voices heard, but the danger remains. We cannot grow complacent. The President and his allies in Con-gress are hoping that in our relief, we will move on and pay attention to other things. With this President, I have to say, and this administration, there is always a fresh outrage to con-tend with. After his latest failure, the President has turned to sabotage and neglect to accomplish his goal of deny-ing millions of people access to healthcare under the Affordable Care Act. The danger is real. The President’s continued threats to eliminate cost- sharing reduction payments that help reduce out-of-pocket costs for con-sumers under the ACA, for example, are already destabilizing health insur-ance in Hawaii and across the country. This year, HMSA and Kaiser—two of Hawaii’s largest providers of health in-surance—proposed large rate increases for customers on the exchange in re-sponse to the uncertainty posed by the President’s threats to eliminate the cost-sharing payments. These compa-nies have been told to submit two rate proposals, one if cost-sharing remains in place and the other if these cost- sharing provisions are eliminated. If the President eliminates cost-shar-ing payments, Hawaii residents could see an 8-percent increase in their pre-miums on the individual markets. This translates into millions of dollars more that Hawaii residents will need to pay. This is irresponsible, unacceptable, and completely within the President’s power to prevent. Unfortunately, the President isn’t the only member of his administration intent on sabotaging the Affordable Care Act. The Secretary of Health and Human Services resigned in disgrace last week, but the work he set in mo-tion at the Department to make it more difficult for people to sign up for insurance continues apace. The administration has already shortened the open enrollment period from 90 days to 45 days and proposed massive cuts for advertising and call centers during this shortened window. To make matters worse, they are tak-ing healthcare.gov down for so-called maintenance at peak times on the weekends so people have even less time to sign up for coverage. The sabotage doesn’t end there. The administration is also calling for a 40- percent cut in funding for navigators who help vulnerable communities find and secure coverage. In the past, orga-nizations in Hawaii like We Are Oce-ania and the Legal Aid Society have re-ceived navigator grants to help enroll low-income Hawaii residents, COFA citizens, individuals with disabilities, and other underserved communities in programs under the ACA. Last week, I had the opportunity to meet with Josie Howard, We Are Oceania’s program director. Josie and her team navigate a multitude of lan-guage and cultural barriers to help COFA citizens who have been unfairly disqualified from Medicaid to enroll in the exchange. President Trump’s deter-mination to sabotage the ACA under-mines the hard work Josie and organi-zations like We Are Oceania are doing to expand healthcare access to under-served communities. We need to keep fighting back against the President’s sabotage cam-paign, but we can also work together in Congress to improve our Nation’s healthcare system and renew programs that millions of people depend on every year in our country. On Saturday, Congress allowed fund-ing for the Community Health Center Fund—CHCF—to lapse without being renewed. CHCs across the country will be forced to lay off staff, reduce hours of operations, scale back investments, or even close, denying healthcare cov-erage or services to millions of people in need all across the country. Through the ACA, the CHCF provided increased funding for community health centers across the country to modernize facilities, hire new staff, and expand services in underrepresented communities. If Congress does not renew the program, community health centers will face a 70-percent cut in their Federal funding, and this will have a devastating impact for commu-nity health centers in Hawaii, like Malama I Ke Ola in Wailuku on Maui. Thanks to the CHCF funding and the ACA’s Medicaid expansion, Malama I Ke Ola has been able to expand the services it provides to Maui residents and improve outcomes for thousands of people—particularly in the area of women’s health. In the years following the passage and implementation of the ACA, Malama I Ke Ola has worked to expand OB–GYN services at the clinic. With in-creased funding, the clinic has pur-chased new, high-definition ultrasound machines, hired new physicians, and upgraded its prenatal care facilities. The center recently signed a new con-tract with the University of Hawaii to provide overnight fetal medical serv-ices at the clinic instead of having to refer patients to large public hospitals on Oahu. Keeping these patients on Maui not only reduces overall healthcare spending but also allows pa-tients to stay close to home and their families. If Congress does not renew CHCF funding, this program—and hundreds of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.015 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6277 October 3, 2017 
others across the State and country— will be at risk. Congressional inaction has also threatened the future of the Children’s Health Insurance Program—or CHIP— which provides health insurance to 9 million low-income children and moth-ers across the country and 27,000 in Ha-waii. We should act as soon as possible to pass a bipartisan reauthorization that Senators H
ATCH and W YDEN nego-tiated in the Senate Finance Com-mittee. It seems as though every day the President tweets something new and outrageous to distract us from the true issues facing our country, whether it is the Mueller investigation or his deci-sion to rescind DACA and place hun-dreds of thousands of DACA Dreamers at risk for deportation. This is a tactic the President has used to great effect during our many debates on healthcare. The President hopes we will be paying more attention to his at-tacks on NFL players or demeaning comments about the mayor of San Juan instead of his dangerous pro-posals to take healthcare away from millions of people in our country. We have to keep paying attention and keep our eyes on the ball. We have to keep speaking up and fighting back. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
THE BUDGET  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, after failing to throw 32 million Americans off of the health insurance they cur-rently have last week, the Republicans are continuing their attack against the working families of our country with one of the most destructive budgets in American history. I know the American people today, for very good reason, are preoccupied with the horror of what happened in Las Vegas, and people are horrified about what has happened in Puerto Rico, but I would beg of the American people to please pay attention to the budget proposal and the so-called tax reform ideas brought by the Repub-lican leadership in the Senate, as well as in the House. This proposal would cause dev-astating economic pain for tens of mil-lions of Americans by, on the one hand, giving incredibly large tax breaks for the wealthiest people in the country, while at the same time making it hard-er for our children to get a decent edu-cation, harder for the families of this country to get the healthcare they need, harder for families, literally, to put food on the table, harder to protect our environment, and harder for the el-derly to live their retirement years with dignity. This is the Robin Hood proposal in reverse. The Robin Hood principle in reverse is that instead of taking from the rich to help the poor, this proposal makes massive cuts in programs des-perately needed by the middle class and working families of our country, precisely to give unbelievably large tax breaks to the people on top—the people who least need those tax breaks. At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, where we have more inequality today than at any time since the 1920s and more inequality than almost any major country on Earth, where the very, very rich are be-coming much richer and we have 40 million people living in poverty and tens of millions of middle-class fami-lies are going nowhere in a hurry, this Republican budget, according to the Tax Policy Center, at the end of 10 years, would provide 80 percent of the tax benefits to the top 1 percent. Right now, today, the rich are doing phenomenally well. Everybody under-stands that. The middle class is shrink-ing. But according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, by the end of the decade, nearly 80 percent of the tax benefits in the Republican plan would go to the top 1 percent—under this plan, this Republican plan. The top one-tenth of 1 percent, the richest of the rich, would receive a tax break of over $1 million a year. At a time when so many of our fami-lies are struggling to put food on the table, struggling to figure out how to send their kids to college, struggling to figure out how to pay for childcare, we have a Republican tax proposal that would provide trillions of dollars in tax breaks to the richest people in this country. This is a budget that would increase the Federal deficit by $1.5 trillion over the next decade. We have heard on the Senate floor my Republican friends talking about how worried they are about the $20 trillion national debt and how high the deficits are. This pro-posal, designed to give tax breaks to the wealthiest people in this country, would increase the Federal deficit by $1.5 trillion over the next decade, and, by the way, this is a conservative esti-mate. There are those who think the deficit would go up a lot more than that. This is a Republican proposal that eliminates the estate tax. What is the estate tax? Republicans name it the ‘‘death tax,’’ but let us be clear about what this tax is and who benefits from it. Despite Republican efforts trying to find farmers or ranchers who would benefit from it, this is not legislation designed to help farmers or ranchers. This is legislation designed to help the top two-tenths of 1 percent. So 99.8 per-cent of the American people will not benefit one nickel from the repeal of the estate tax. Only the wealthiest of the wealthy will benefit. If this Repub-lican proposal to repeal the estate tax would go through, the Walton family of Walmart, the wealthiest family in America, would receive a tax cut of up to $52 billion. Does anybody for one second think that, at a time when so many of our people are struggling and when we have a $20 trillion national debt, we should be passing legislation that gives the wealthiest family in this country up to a $52 billion tax break by repealing the estate tax? But it is not just the Walton family, of course. This is a budget that says that if you are the second wealthiest family in America, the Koch brothers— and this, by the way, is just coinci-dental, no doubt. I know it is amazing how these coincidences take place. The Koch brothers are a family who con-tributed hundreds of millions of dollars year after year to the Republican Party to elect candidates who rep-resent the wealthy and powerful. Just coincidentally, that family would re-ceive a tax break of up to $38 billion. People ask why the Koch brothers are contributing hundreds of millions of dollars every campaign cycle. That is a huge amount of money. That is a huge amount of money for normal fam-ilies, but when you are the second wealthiest family and you have a tax break of $38 billion, contributing a few million dollars every campaign cycle is pocket change and is a good invest-ment. This is a budget that will cut Medi-care by $450 billion. Right now in this country, we have millions and millions of seniors who are struggling to make ends meet. They can’t afford their pre-scription drugs. They can’t afford to keep their homes warm in the winter-time. Yet this Republican budget would cut Medicare by $450 billion. Now, the Republicans tried, time after time, despite massive opposition from the American people, to repeal the Affordable Care Act. In every one of their pieces of legislation, they made devastating cuts in Medicaid. Well, they are back again. Ostensibly, this is not a healthcare piece of legisla-tion. It is a budget. It is so-called tax reform. There is $1 trillion of cuts in the Medicaid Program. So if you were worried last week, 2 weeks ago, and 1 month ago about what the terrific Re-publican healthcare bills would do, stay worried because this bill will cut $1 trillion over 10 years in Medicaid, re-sulting in at least 15 million Americans losing their health insurance. Can you imagine a set of priorities that says that we are going to throw 15 million people off of health insurance in order to give tens of billions of dol-lars in tax breaks to the wealthiest families in this country? Unbelievable. It really is unbelievable. This proposal not only adds to the deficit, not only makes massive cuts to Medicare and Medicaid, it also impacts the American people in many ways. We have a program in this country called the Women, Infants, and Children Pro-gram, and at a time when the United States has the highest rate of infant mortality of any major country on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.018 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6278 October 3, 2017 
Earth, what we do to try to deal with that issue is provide help to low-in-come pregnant women and their babies after the babies are born. This Repub-lican budget would make about $6.5 bil-lion in cuts to the WIC Program, elimi-nating nutrition assistance to over 1.2 million pregnant women, new moms, babies, and toddlers in Vermont and all over this country. Here are the priorities: Tax breaks for the Walton family, for the Koch brothers’ families, who are billionaires, and cuts in programs for low-income, pregnant women who want to have healthy babies. At a time when the cost of childcare has skyrocketed all over this country— in the State of Vermont, it is a very se-rious problem; families cannot find af-fordable childcare—the Republican budget eliminates Head Start services for 25,000 children each and every year by cutting this program by about $3 billion. In total, the Republican budget would cut more than $5 trillion from education, healthcare, affordable hous-ing, childcare, transportation, and other programs the working families of this country desperately rely upon. Let’s be clear about something else. This is not me talking; Republican economists are saying the same thing. What is the theory underlying this whole approach of giving tax breaks to billionaires? The theory is that when you give tax breaks to billionaires and large, multinational corporations, somehow or another, they are going to start using the new revenue they ac-quire to invest in the economy and cre-ate decent-paying jobs. This is the so- called trickle-down economic theory, and this is a theory that Senate Repub-licans and President Trump have em-braced with this budget. The fact is that anyone who looks at history understands that whole theory is a fraud. It has always been an abys-mal failure. Since Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush slashed taxes on the wealthy and deregulated Wall Street, trillions of dollars in wealth have been redistributed from the middle class and working families to a handful of mil-lionaires and billionaires. That is what trickle-down economics results in—a transfer of wealth from the middle class to the people on top—and that is exactly what this Republican proposal will do. Today we have more wealth inequal-ity than at any time since the 1920s. Unbelievably, the top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. This budget would make a very bad situa-tion worse, and it would increase the level of wealth inequality in America today. As the ranking member of the Budget Committee, I intend to do everything I can to oppose this absurd set of prior-ities, and when I do that, I am speak-ing for the vast majority of the Amer-ican people. Poll after poll after poll tells us that the American people do not think billionaires need more tax breaks. Poll after poll after poll tells us that the American people do not agree with the Republican leadership when they want to throw millions of people off of the health insurance they have. This is not a budget for the American people. This is not a budget for economic growth. This is a budget paid for and fought for by the Koch brothers and a handful of billionaires who will gain very handsomely if this budget were to be passed. I would remind my Republican col-leagues—and this is not a very radical idea—that we were elected to the Sen-ate not just to represent a handful of billionaires; we were elected to the Senate to do our best for the middle class and working families of our coun-try. This should not be legislation de-signed as payback for hundreds of mil-lions of dollars in campaign contribu-tions. We need to pass legislation that protects the interests of working fami-lies and the middle class and lower in-come people. Thank you, Mr. President. (Mr. STRANGE assumed the Chair.) Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING PETE DOMENICI  
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I am joined today by my colleague from New Mexico, Senator H
EINRICH . We thought we would come to the floor together and talk about Senator Domenici, our former colleague who passed away re-cently. Pietro Vichi Domenici was born to Italian immigrants in Albuquerque, NM, in 1932. He was a grocer’s son. He worked in his parents’ store and at-tended Catholic school. He graduated from our own University of New Mex-ico. He pitched in college on the Albu-querque Dukes’ farm team, and he taught high school mathematics. He went to law school and built a law practice. He was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1973 and became New Mexi-co’s longest serving Senator. He was a husband, father, and grand-father. He married Nancy Burke right out of law school, and his beautiful wife of 59 years was key to his long and successful career. She is a good friend of ours, and we spent an hour with her in Albuquerque a little over a week ago. She is still very strong, and she is still very focused, as one would expect as a mother and grandmother of her children and grandchildren. Pete Domenici was a statesman. He worked across party lines to find prag-matic solutions for the American peo-ple. New Mexicans will always remem-ber him as one of the strongest fighters our State will ever know. Senator Domenici and I belonged to different political parties, and we didn’t always agree on things, but I al-ways appreciated that he cared deeply about the issues, and he put the Nation and New Mexico’s interests first as he saw them. I join all of New Mexico in thanking him and in mourning his passing. Senator Domenici’s math skills and his beginnings in local government served him well during his 36 years in the U.S. Senate. Anyone who has served in city government knows the importance of a budget. Sitting as chair or ranking member on the Senate Budget Committee for 22 years, he held the Federal Government to the same rigorous, logical standard. He mastered the complexities of the Federal budget and served longer in a leadership posi-tion on that committee than any other Senator. He was a budget deficit hawk and a realist. He understood that sup-ply-side economics do not work and that big tax cuts will not result in growth leading to a balanced budget. He went up against his own party, and he went up against President Ronald Reagan on the same budget issue. In the 1990s, he worked with Presi-dent Clinton to produce a budget sur-plus for fiscal year 1998—the first sur-plus in our budget since 1969. His will-ingness to work with Democrats, his pragmatism, and his stature with his own party made it possible. On the Budget Committee, he under-stood how to align New Mexico and na-tional interests. He recognized the potential of our National Labs—Los Alamos and Sandia—and the potential they had for our State. He understood their impor-tance to the national interest. He championed their work for decades. Our Labs provide thousands of good jobs in central and northern New Mex-ico, and the breadth and depth of their research and scientific contributions to our Nation are nothing short of aston-ishing. Pete Domenici played a critical role in the Labs’ developments. He also had a key appreciation of the importance to New Mexico and the Na-tion of our military bases. In 2005, Can-non Air Force Base in southern New Mexico was slated to close. This would have cost New Mexico lots of jobs and would have had a devastating impact on the overall economy of the State. Senator Domenici, along with the en-tire delegation and Governor Richard-son, worked to secure a different and critical mission for Cannon Air Force Base. Today, the 27th Special Oper-ations Wing is going strong at Cannon. Six thousand men and women are em-ployed, and rural Roosevelt and Curry Counties benefit from the base’s $500 million economic impact. Senator Domenici’s fingerprints are not only all over the Budget Com-mittee but are all over the Energy and Natural Resources Committee—which he chaired for 4 years in the early 2000s—and the Indian Affairs Com-mittee, which I am fortunate to sit on today. He helped position the United States to be energy independent through the Energy Policy Acts of 2005 and 2007—the last time we really had bipartisan energy acts. He was a strong advocate on behalf of Tribes, working 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.020 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6279 October 3, 2017 
to advance Indian healthcare and re-solve longstanding water rights dis-putes, protecting Native art from coun-terfeiting, and improving reservation roads. My Uncle Mo talked a lot about the importance of being able to disagree without being disagreeable and to work together, if possible. Senator Domenici understood that while the delegation was divided by party, it was united in its love for New Mexico. He knew that New Mexico would be stronger if every-one worked together. It is partly thanks to him that our delegation con-tinues a tradition of working together regardless of party. Senator Domenici’s commitment to bipartisanship did not end in 2009 with his Senate tenure; he continued to try to find solutions that worked for every-one as a senior fellow at the Bipartisan Policy Center in Washington. The Pete V. Domenici Institute for Public Policy at New Mexico State University in Las Cruces carries on his tradition through scholarship. The Senator said: 
It’s time for us to join together and take these [partisan] issues out of politics. The problems we face are so big, people from both sides need to sit down and say, ‘‘We can’t ap-proach this the normal way.’’ Some great leadership is needed. 
We could really use that commit-ment to bipartisanship in the Senate halls today. Senator Domenici was in Washington for many years, but he never was out of touch with everyday New Mexicans. Whether it was the acequia repairs in the Espanola Valley, creating a port of entry at Santa Teresa, funding new fighter jets at Kirtland Air Force Base in Albuquerque, establishing the Petroglyph National Monument, pro-tecting Valles Caldera, forming the Hispanic Cultural Center and Museum in Albuquerque, Pete Domenici identi-fied New Mexico’s needs and came up with solutions. Pete and Nancy had a special passion for people who live with mental illness, borne from his own family’s experi-ence. This is an issue that he and I talked a lot about and that our two families shared. He worked across the aisle for many years to achieve parity in insurance coverage between mental healthcare and medical services. Any family who experiences serious mental illness understands that the two should be treated the same and that adequate mental healthcare is absolutely nec-essary. In 2008, Congress passed the Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act. That Federal law means that mil-lions of persons with mental illness and substance abuse disorders have better access to the care they really need. Senator Domenici spoke passionately and personally about mental health. He also did so on immigration. His mother originally immigrated to the United States illegally. During World War II, she was taken in a raid aimed at ‘‘Italian sympathizers.’’ Those of us who were here during the immigration debates in 2006 remember his plainspoken and moving speech on the floor of the Senate, where he said: I understand this whole idea of a household with a father who is American and a mother who is not, but they are living, working, and getting ahead. I understand that they are just like every other family in America. There is nothing different. They have the same love, same hope, same will and same aspirations as those of us who were born here have. 
I couldn’t agree more. Pete Domenici, my good friend, son of Italian immigrant grocers, a great Senator, a great American, and a great New Mexican, thank you for your re-markable contributions. You leave an exceptional legacy for New Mexico and for the Nation. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I am really proud to come to the floor today to join my fellow Senator from New Mexico, T
OMUDALL , to recognize the life and service of the longest serving Senator from our incredible State of New Mexico, Senator Pete Domenici. Senator Domenici dedicated his en-tire life to the State and to the people he loved. He served our State in the Senate for 36 years. His decades of serv-ice to New Mexico left a lasting impact that will continue to be felt in every corner of our State for many years to come. Many in New Mexico called him Saint Pete because of how relentlessly he fought on the Appropriations and Budget Committees to secure resources for the people of New Mexico. We can still see the fruits of his labors at our State’s National Labs, at our military installations, at our colleges and uni-versities, and in water systems and community centers all over our State. That is because, while he worked on the forefront of major policy debates here in the Senate, Pete Domenici al-ways put the interests of New Mexico above all else. Like myself, Senator Domenici’s first public service experience came on Albuquerque’s City Council, then called the City Commission. And, at least in my experience, I know that working at that local level was an in-valuable way to learn how to hear from diverse viewpoints and stakeholders and find ways to build consensus and get the results for your constituents that you hope to achieve. I have tried to bring that approach with me into the Senate, and I know that Senator Domenici was, in part, so successful be-cause of the skills he learned there. I am grateful for the example Sen-ator Domenici set for all of us here in this body on how to advance important and complex policy goals in Wash-ington with civility for our colleagues. Republicans and Democrats alike who worked with him on issues like the budget, energy, national defense, nu-clear deterrence, and mental health parity still point to his dedication to bipartisan cooperation and com-promise. Although they didn’t always see eye to eye, Senator Domenici, a Repub-lican, and Senator Jeff Bingaman, a Democrat, who served New Mexico alongside him for the vast majority of his time in the Senate, always made a point of improving the lives of New Mexicans by working together. It set a great example for people like me to watch how the two of them worked to-gether. Their spirit of cooperation across party lines is still present in our State’s congressional delegation, and I believe Senator Domenici’s focus on putting policy results above party poli-tics still resonates today. One of the greatest examples of this was Senator Domenici’s work alongside two progressive Democratic lions of the Senate—Paul Wellstone and Ted Kennedy—to pass mental health parity legislation. Senators Domenici and Wellstone didn’t agree on many issues, but they found they both had close, personal experience with and a passion for mental health parity. Both Sen-ators had close family members who had experienced the great challenges of finding a way to pay for mental health treatment. Insurance companies were not required to cover mental health and addiction treatment in those days in the same way they covered treat-ment for so many other illnesses and diseases. Because of that, most insur-ance companies simply didn’t cover these essential services at all. Starting in the mid-1990s, Senators Domenici and Wellstone worked to-gether with mental health advocates to advance legislation to finally change that. After Senator Wellstone was killed in a tragic plane crash, Senator Domenici kept up the fight for 6 more years with a new partner in Senator K
ENNEDY . The Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act was finally passed in Octo-ber of 2008, only a few months before Senator Domenici’s retirement from the Senate. That is the type of bipartisanship, legacy, and statesmanship on behalf of the American people that I hope we will all remember for a long, long time to come. We should all try better to keep that spirit alive in the Senate today. I join all New Mexicans and all Amer-icans in mourning the passing of Sen-ator Pete Domenici. Our thoughts, our deepest condolences, and our prayers are with his wife Nancy and all of his family and loved ones at this time of great loss, for their family and for the State. I am certain that Senator Do-menici’s legacy will not be forgotten in New Mexico and will not be forgotten in the U.S. Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.021 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6280 October 3, 2017 
THE BUDGET AND TAX REFORM  
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, we need tax reform that helps small busi-nesses close these tax loopholes that are taking jobs overseas. Instead, we need to create those jobs at home. We need tax reform that puts money in the pockets of middle-class families in Michigan and all across the country, and we need an American budget that shows what we value as Americans. Too often, we think of budgets as sterile numbers on a spreadsheet. In re-ality, budgets are about people. They are about the middle-class Cass City parents who are sitting down to do their taxes and feeling as if it is they, not the wealthiest 1 percent, who are carrying the heaviest burden. They are about helping small business owners in Pontiac, MI, family farmers in Cad-illac, and Michigan companies that are creating good-paying jobs. They are also about ensuring that the most vul-nerable among us—our children, senior citizens, people with disabilities—are valued and protected. We cannot consider a budget without considering people. Will it help middle- class families thrive? Will it help small business owners grow? Will it help pro-tect people who cannot protect them-selves? Unfortunately, the Republican budget and tax plan suggest that we do not value people, plain and simple. There are 47 million Americans who depend on Medicare—seniors and peo-ple with disabilities. Yet the budget resolution we will be considering to-morrow in the Budget Committee will cut $473 billion from Medicare. For the low-income children, parents, seniors in nursing homes, and people with dis-abilities who depend on Medicaid, in that budget resolution, Medicaid would be cut by $1 trillion. We just went through this debate twice in efforts to gut healthcare, to gut Medicaid, which would take away healthcare from tens of millions of peo-ple. The American people said no, and the Senate said no—twice. Yet we are right back again. Here they go again on the budget resolution, putting for-ward huge—even bigger—cuts in Med-icaid. This time, it is not just Med-icaid, it is Medicare, which was not in the last two proposals that we rejected, because they hurt too many people by taking away their healthcare. Now we have a budget resolution that will be coming to the floor of the Senate. I am assuming they will have enough votes. They certainly will not have mine or those of my Democratic colleagues, but if every Republican in committee votes for it, we will have on the floor a budget resolution that will cut Medicare by $473 billion and Med-icaid by $1 trillion. Why is that being done? It is being done to pay for tax cuts for the wealthiest among us. In fact, 80 per-cent of the tax cuts would go to the top 1 percent. It would be 80 percent who would receive a cut of about $200,000 a year—a cut. The majority of people in Michigan do not make $200,000 a year, but this would be a tax cut of $200,000 a year, on average. This is not what I was talking about before in our helping small businesses and middle-class fami-lies and closing tax loopholes that are taking jobs overseas. This is a straight- up, trickle-down tax cut that has not worked before in creating jobs. It cre-ates a lot of deficits but not jobs, and people in my State are still waiting for it to trickle down to them. Republicans are asking seniors, peo-ple with disabilities, children, and fam-ilies to give up healthcare in order to fund a huge tax cut for the richest 1 percent, which will cost more than $2 trillion. To me, that sounds like back-wards budgeting for sure. I do not often quote my friend from Kentucky, but Senator P
AULwas abso-lutely right yesterday. He tweeted this: 
This is a GOP tax plan? Possibly 30 percent of middle-class families get a tax hike? I hope the final details are better than this. 
I do too. I hope that the final details are a lot better than this if it is going to be something that the people of Michigan will support and benefit from. Under the Republican plan, a senior citizen in Saginaw, MI, who is making $20,000 a year would get a tax increase; a married couple with two kids and an income of $70,000 in Gaylord, MI, would get a tax increase; and a single mom with three kids in Battle Creek, MI, who works really hard every day in juggling and caring for her kids and who earns $50,000 a year, which never seems to stretch far enough, would ac-tually pay $1,000 more in taxes because, under the plan, if you have more than one child, you will actually see your taxes go up because the personal ex-emption for each child will be taken away. Senator P
AUL is right. This is just plain wrong. I do have to give Repub-licans credit, though. They keep up-ping the ante. It wasn’t even a week ago when they were trying to take healthcare away from people in Michi-gan and across the country with a plan that would increase costs and reduce healthcare. Now they are trying to take healthcare away from people who need it most by raising taxes on mid-dle-income families and cutting Medi-care, as well as Medicaid. We do need tax reform. I would like very much to see the code simplified, but any tax proposal needs to meet three basic requirements to get my support. First, tax reform needs to be bipartisan, rather than coming up with this proposal in the budget resolution which, once again, just like healthcare, would be jamming something through on a partisan vote. It needs to be bipar-tisan. It needs to be thoughtful. Those of us on the Finance Com-mittee are thoughtful people. We worked for 2 years in bipartisan work-ing groups on each section of the Tax Code, getting ready to have a thought-ful discussion and negotiation on real tax reform that would help small busi-nesses grow—by the way, they are cre-ating a majority of the new jobs—as well as making sure families in Amer-ica who are struggling would be able to have a simplified Tax Code and a tax cut. So I am all for doing a bipartisan approach, but that is not what is hap-pening here. That is not what will be put into the budget resolution tomor-row, and, unfortunately, it doesn’t ap-pear that it is what is going to happen in the Finance Committee. The other reason for wanting to do this in a bipartisan way is that it is the only way to make sure it is permanent. If you use these truncated processes of reconciliation to try to jam something through, it is not permanent. I know from businesses in Michigan, large and small, as well as families, that to be able to plan, they want to see some permanent changes, and doing it this way is not permanent. Second, tax reform needs to help businesses create jobs right here at home. Over the last year, I visited more than 120 small businesses in Michigan, and I have seen for myself how they are driving my State’s econ-omy. I also know how challenging it can be for them to navigate the com-plex Tax Code. The owner of a small business shouldn’t have to spend hours with an accountant instead of with her customers. We can fix that. At the same time, tax reform needs to pre-serve important incentives for manu-facturers that are creating jobs here in Michigan and in our country. I don’t believe we have an economy unless somebody makes something or somebody grows something. We need to make sure that the tax policy that sup-ports capital intensive companies re-mains intact, and we need to close the gigantic loopholes that incentivize our jobs going overseas. I have one simple proposal. It is not everything, but it is a symbol of how bad the situation is. I have been trying to get it passed now for over 10 years here, and it keeps getting blocked and filibustered. It is called the Bring Jobs Home Act. It is very simple. The Tax Code right now allows a company mov-ing overseas to write off all their mov-ing costs. So the workers losing their jobs help pay for the move through their taxes. The community pays for the move through their taxes. It makes no sense to do that. My Bring Jobs Home Act would stop that and say that you don’t get to write off the costs when you are leaving our country. However, if you want to come back, if you want to bring jobs home, we are happy to let you write off those costs, and we will give you an extra 20 per-cent tax credit to bring those jobs home. If you want to leave, you are on your own. That is what our Tax Code should say to businesses that are mov-ing our jobs overseas. The third important measure in tax reform is that it needs to put money in the pockets of hard-working families. Michigan families are working hard every day to make ends meet. For too long, working-class and middle-class 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.024 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6281 October 3, 2017 
families have watched as all of the ben-efits seem to flow to the wealthiest among us over and over and over. Mid-dle-class families are stretched to the breaking point, and it is time they get a break. That is what the President originally said. This was going to be a middle- class tax cut. Yet, when we run the numbers, it is just not true. For too many, they are going to see a tax in-crease. As I said before, 80 percent of the Republican tax cuts go to the top 1 percent. You can even break that down more with 0.1 percent, and it is shock-ing that those individuals are going to get a million-dollar tax cut. When you look at the majority of people in Michigan who work hard every day and don’t earn $200,000 or more, and you look at the fact that there would be a tax plan brought for-ward that would actually give a tax cut of $200,000 a year, and someone with three children or four children would actually see their taxes go up—wait a minute—what is wrong with that pic-ture? Unfortunately, this budget and tax proposal falls short in a number of ways, beyond Medicare and Medicaid cuts and what is happening in terms of families. As I said before, it is far from bipartisan. As with healthcare, Demo-crats have been locked out of the proc-ess. Republicans have been meeting in secret—no Democrats allowed. The Republicans are having to use this reconciliation process to force something that will not be permanent. There is little reason to believe that this will help American workers. As I indicated before, it will not close loop-holes that are taking jobs overseas. It doesn’t benefit hard-working peo-ple and working families that are working really hard to make it every year, every week. It does not benefit them. The Republican budget and tax pro-posal targets the most vulnerable. It isn’t bipartisan. It will not stop offshoring. It will not benefit the mid-dle class. There is one thing that it will do. There is one thing that those who analyze this agree upon. It will explode the deficit. The independent analysis shows that these proposals would in-crease the deficit by $2.4 trillion. So there is $2.4 trillion in lost revenues that would go to increasing the deficit. Our friends across the aisle scoff at that. These tax cuts, they say, will pay for themselves. Although in our Fi-nance Committee hearing today, when we asked both the Republican and Democratic experts who were testi-fying, no one said it would pay for the tax cuts—no one. President Trump said this huge tax cut will be rocket fuel for our econ-omy. But when you look at the 2001 tax cuts, there was no rocket fuel there. In the 2003 tax cuts, there was no rocket fuel there. In 2012, the State of Kansas had tax cuts that almost caused them to have to go to a 4-day school week for children because of the huge deficits. There was no rocket fuel there. There are two things to remember about rocket fuel. It is unstable, and, if you are not careful, you will get badly burned. Budgets aren’t about numbers; they are about people. They are about mid-dle-class parents wondering why the wealthiest get all the breaks and they get the bill. It is about a small business owner wondering why she can’t run a bakery without hiring an accountant. It is about seniors on disability won-dering if Medicare and Medicaid will be there for them while they watch the 0.1 percent get tax breaks and there are future generations being stuck with the bill for tax cuts that will not pay for themselves. Budgets are about people, and this budget fails them. It is time to work together across the aisle to do what is right, to make sure that the budget and tax proposals work for everybody, not just a privileged few, and that they help companies create jobs here at home and focus on policies to benefit our working families. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
UNITED STATES V . SANCHEZ -GOMEZ  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, last week I filed an amicus brief calling on the U.S. Supreme Court to hear and then overturn the ruling of the Ninth Cir-cuit Court of Appeals in United States v. Sanchez-Gomez. I am proud to have been supported in this effort by all 15 sheriffs in my home State of Arizona, as well as the Western States Sheriffs Association and the National Sheriffs’ Association. I should mention that this is not a partisan issue we are talking about. We have sheriffs representing both parties in Arizona. Every sheriff in Arizona has supported this amicus—all 15. This decision by the Ninth Circuit is just another example of a ruling that is well outside of the judicial main-stream. Unfortunately, in this case, their ruling dramatically undercuts ef-fective border enforcement, and it cre-ates a dangerous situation for law en-forcement and the public. In this case, the Ninth Circuit ruled that it violates the rights of prisoners for marshals and other sheriffs or other courtroom per-sonnel to employ commonplace, thoughtfully crafted courtroom safety policies in which prisoners appear be-fore a judge, fitted with appropriate re-straints. This is a significant change from common practice, and it conflicts with two other courts of appeals. More troubling, the decision has prompted public safety concerns for Arizona and throughout the West. First, law enforcement will have no choice but to increase the number of officers needed to maintain the safety of individuals inside courtrooms. This means that more U.S. marshals and sheriffs will be spending their days in courthouses instead of pursuing violent fugitives or preventing street crime. Even with these increased numbers, law enforcement officials have ex-pressed concern over the high thresh-old they are now forced to attain in order to get permission to fit dan-gerous prisoners with restraints. By putting these restraints on law enforcement rather than prisoners, this ruling limits the ability of sheriffs and U.S. marshals to ensure the safety of the judges, jurors, lawyers, prisoners, victims, and members of the public in-side these courthouses around the country. This decision also dramatically un-dercuts the ability of the Federal courts to process illegal immigration border crossing cases as part of Oper-ation Streamline, the very successful border enforcement program that has worked so well in some parts of Ari-zona. By establishing a zero tolerance approach to illegal border crossings, Operation Streamline has made a dra-matic difference in the number of ille-gal border crossings in communities like Tucson and Yuma. This year, the Operation Streamline Program averaged around 45 individ-uals per hearing. Even with these high caseloads, the program could remain efficient, thanks in part to traditional courtroom safety procedures. They could take 40 prisoners at a time and process them if they were allowed to use the current courtroom practices. These old policies allow law enforce-ment to bring up to 75 individuals into the courtroom at once, but under the Ninth Circuit’s decision to relax court-room safety protocols, law enforcement officers are now forced to limit groups of prisoners before the court to no more than a handful at a time. This makes it increasingly impractical for judges to hear cases due to the amount of time required for law enforcement to move small numbers of prisoners in and out of the courtroom. There simply aren’t the hours in a day. I take the independence of the courts very seriously. That is why, when every sheriff in my State comes to me and says that there is a court ruling that is endangering their deputies and the public, I am going to urge that the decision be overturned by the proper authority. This makes a difference in Arizona for another reason as well. We have a lot of older courthouses. Some of them are historic courthouses. These build-ings simply aren’t built for today’s needs in terms of access for prisoners and the public within these court-houses. Sometimes they have to go in the same doorways and in the same hallways. If law enforcement and courtroom security personnel are not allowed to have standards in terms of prisoner restraint, then you endanger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.028 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6282 October 3, 2017 
the safety of individuals visiting the courthouse and others. You are simply unable to process the number of cases that we have in Arizona, particularly near the border with regard to immi-gration cases. I hope that the High Court, the Su-preme Court, will grant cert here and examine this ruling. It really makes a difference in a State like Arizona. With that, I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, this week on an island nation one- tenth the size of Rhode Island, more than 60 countries will gather at the fourth international Our Ocean Con-ference. Catalyzed by then-Secretary of State John Kerry, the United States hosted the premier international ocean conference in 2014 and 2016. Secretary Kerry’s legacy continues with the Malta Conference now going on, hosted by the European Union, and that will be followed by scheduled conferences in Indonesia in 2018 and Norway in 2019. Nations come to these conferences to share ocean conservation achievements and to pledge future efforts in sustain-able fisheries, marine debris preven-tion, marine protected areas, maritime security, and climate change. At last count, conference organizers in Malta are anticipating more than 150 separate pledges from governments, NGOs, and the private sector. Since Secretary Kerry started it, the Our Ocean Con-ference has produced hundreds of com-mitments, totaling nearly $10 billion and protecting nearly 4 million square miles of ocean. Though the oceans cover more than 70 percent of our Earth, they are often taken for grant-ed. Oceans drive our weather, cool our planet, provide food and income for bil-lions of people, and absorb much of our carbon dioxide emissions. So for my 181st ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech, I will return to the topic of what we are doing to our oceans. The oceans provide a hard-to-deny reminder of what is happening, thanks to green-house gas emissions, climate change denial, and America’s legislative paral-ysis. Physics and chemistry don’t care about fossil fuel industry propaganda. It doesn’t affect them at all. Science measures how our carbon pollution continues to drive unprecedented change in the Earth’s oceans. The oceans have absorbed about one- third of all the excess carbon dioxide emitted by human activity since the Industrial Revolution; that is, around 600 gigatons of carbon dioxide absorbed by the ocean. The effect of absorbing all that carbon dioxide is chemical, making ocean water more acidic at the fastest rate in 50 million years. Hu-mankind has been on the planet only about 800,000 or so years, so 50 million goes way back. This acidification is potentially ca-lamitous for the ocean ecosystem. Off Washington, Oregon, and Northern California, 50 percent of pteropods were measured to have ‘‘severe shell dam-age,’’ mostly from acidified sea water. If that species collapses, the bottom falls out of the oceanic food chain, with a cascading effect up to us at the top of the food chain. Ocean acidification is causing real economic concerns on coasts all around the country. It is affecting Florida’s reefs, for instance. Rhode Island’s clammers, lobstermen, and aqua-culture growers watch with real alarm the damage acidified seas are doing on America’s northwest coast. Oyster hatcheries there experienced signifi-cant losses when new hatches were un-able to grow their shells in the acidi-fied seawater. Those hatcheries now need to buffer ocean water to keep the pH at a survivable level for baby clams, oysters, and other shellfish. Well, you can do that for your aquaculture lab, but you can’t do that for the ocean. So it bodes well for the future of these shellfish. In addition to the CO
2the oceans have absorbed—30 percent of that— they have also absorbed heat. They have absorbed over 90 percent of the ex-cess heat that climate change has trapped in our atmosphere, thanks to the operation of the greenhouse gases we have emitted. The oceans, in doing that, have conferred on us an extraor-dinary blessing because without their absorbing more than 90 percent of that heat—forget the 2 degrees Centigrade cap that we worry about—we would likely be already more than 36 degrees Centigrade hotter. That isn’t just life changing; that is species-changing var-iation in our planet. When oceans ab-sorb all of this heat, which is equiva-lent to more than a Hiroshima-style nuclear bomb per second going off, the principle of thermal expansion kicks in. As oceans warm, they expand, and as the world warms from the remaining heat, ice melts. So between the two, sea levels rise. NOAA, in January, updated global sea level rise estimates based on the latest peer-reviewed scientific lit-erature. Ice sheets and glaciers are melting faster than previously ex-pected, raising global sea level rise es-timates in this century—under the ‘‘we do nothing on climate change’’ sce-nario—by around 20 more inches on av-erage. Apply these findings to the U.S. coast, and the news gets particularly harsh for the northeast Atlantic coast, including my home State of Rhode Is-land. Rhode Island’s Coastal Resources Management Council is now telling us that we need to plan for as much as 9 to 12 vertical feet of sea level rise by the end of this century. The refusal of the Republican majority to do any-thing serious about climate change is going to have a big effect on the very map of my State. This is the present Upper Narragan-sett Bay, including Providence up here, our capital city, down to Greenwich Bay down here, and Warwick on the west side. Over here, we have Bristol and Warren on the east side of the image, and it still looks actually very much like it did when early explorers first came to Rhode Island in the 1600s. And it looked very much like that for centuries before, when the Narragansetts and the Wampanoags lived here. But as climate change raises sea levels, all of this is changing rapidly. The Coastal Resources Management Council has developed something called STORMTOOLS, which is an online sim-ulation to model sea level rise and storm surge, so we can see how rising sea levels will affect my State. This is the same image as that one. I will put one over the other so that you can see the match. Everything that is blue is land and is now submerged on these 9-to-12-foot sea level estimates. It all has changed quite dramatically. Warwick Neck breaks off and becomes Warwick Neck Island. Much of the town of Barrington here becomes a new salt lake. This is a bedroom commu-nity with a lot of wealthy people living in very nice homes, and it all goes under water. Down here, Bristol and Warren become an island, and off of them, Poppasquash Point becomes two islands. This continues all around the State. The map changes, and we be-come a Rhode Island archipelago. Look at Newport, Little Compton, Tiverton, Providence, Jamestown, Point Judith. Flooded areas in my State represent billions of dollars in losses to Rhode Is-landers. Of course, around the visibly flooded areas are the less visible areas where legal setbacks, flood zones, velocity zones, and other building restrictions prevent construction. In those areas that are still above water, it is still unbuildable because the property has become uninsurable, unmortgageable, or unsellable. That is a pretty hard hit to expect my State to take without ob-jection. It is not just Rhode Island; all sorts of changes are happening along Amer-ica’s coasts. Up in the Gulf of Maine, ocean waters are warming faster than nearly any other place on earth. A study published in Elementa last month found that summer tempera-tures in the Gulf of Maine last two months longer than in the 1980s. Longer, warmer summers benefit some species, but others get hurt, including what little is left of the iconic cod. Native villages in Alaska and island communities in Louisiana and Mary-land are facing tough decisions about abandoning traditional shorelands and islands and relocating. Around the world, entire nations are planning for relocation as the ocean steadily rises over their island homes. Layered on top of this sea level rise is the worsening risk of storm surge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.030 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6283 October 3, 2017 
and flooding from hurricanes and other storms. The Presiding Officer does not need to be told about this. His State has experienced it firsthand. This satellite image is a snapshot of this particularly destructive 2017 hurri-cane system. From the left to right, we see Hurricane Katia, Hurricane Irma— at category 5 strength—and Hurricane Jose down here. As the recovery efforts continue for our citizens in Puerto Rico, Florida, Louisiana, and Texas, and we look at hundreds of billions of dollars in dis-aster relief emergency spending, here in Washington we might want to think about helping coastal States around the country get serious about pre-dicting what is coming, shoring up our coastlines, fortifying coastal infra-structure, and preparing for what cli-mate change has in store for us. Climate change is not the only way we are damaging the oceans. Each year, around 8 million metric tons of plastic waste enters our oceans from land. By 2050, we could see as much plastic in the oceans as fish in the oceans by weight, since plastics do not fully degrade in the ocean. They just break down into smaller and smaller pieces of plastic, and those travel the globe on ocean currents. Plastic is now everywhere; on our beaches, in our oceans, ingested and entangling our wildlife. It is even in tapwater, salt, and other foods that we humans consume. Plastic waste has been found on remote islands, in deep- sea sediments, and in sea ice. In an area previously inaccessible to researchers due to that sea ice, the Arctic is apparently releasing frozen plastic back into the oceans. That is how badly we are polluting our oceans. An international research expedition to the North Pole even found chunks of plastic littering that remote region. Thankfully, there is interest in solv-ing our ocean trash problem in the Senate. At last year’s Our Ocean Con-ference, over $1 billion was pledged to combat marine debris. Additional com-mitments are expected this year. Our Senate Oceans Caucus work parallels work around the world. The Senate Oceans Caucus is a bipartisan group. There are 36 of us. We have made ma-rine debris one of our focus areas. In August, by unanimous consent, we passed the Save Our Seas Act, a bipar-tisan bill to reauthorize NOAA’s ma-rine debris program and expand its ability to deal with severe marine de-bris events, where tsunamis or huge storms sweep enormous amounts of plastic garbage into the oceans and then ultimately onto our shores. The bill asks the President to in-crease U.S. international efforts to re-duce marine debris, including improv-ing international waste management practices and improving research on plastics that will actually biodegrade in the ocean. It also directs the U.S. Trade Representative to start consid-ering marine plastic debris—much of which comes from just a few coun-tries—when dealing with them in fu-ture trade agreements. We reinforced this piece of the bill recently in the National Defense Au-thorization Act, which we passed just last month. The Save Our Seas Act garnered sup-port from environmental NGOs, from corporations, from chemical trade groups, but there is still much more work to do. We have abused and ig-nored our oceans for far too long. The oceans are warning us in every way they know how, and we can’t afford to ignore those warnings any longer. We must start taking serious action to re-spond to what we are doing to our oceans. I promise you, anybody who knows anything about oceans hears those alarm bells ringing. It is time for us to wake up. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that, notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture vote on the Hargan nomi-nation occur at 11 a.m. on Wednesday, October 4, and that if cloture is in-voked, the Senate vote on confirmation at 3:15 p.m. with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. I further ask that, upon disposition of the Hargan nomination, the Senate vote on cloture on the Quarles nomina-tion, and that if cloture is invoked, the Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination at 10 a.m. on Thursday, Oc-tober 5; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; further, that the time on Wednesday evening be for debate on the Quarles and Cissna nominations, concurrently. I further ask that the cloture vote on the Cissna nomination occur upon dis-position of the Quarles nomination, and that if cloture is invoked, all time postcloture be considered expired and the Senate vote on confirmation with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. I further ask that following disposi-tion of the Cissna nomination, the Sen-ate resume consideration of the Ging-rich nomination, with a vote on cloture at 1:45 p.m. on Thursday; and that if cloture is invoked, the Senate vote on confirmation at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, October 16. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MCCONNELL. For the informa-tion of all Senators, we have now locked in the following vote schedule: one vote at 11 tomorrow morning, two votes at 3:15 tomorrow afternoon, three votes at 10 a.m. on Thursday, and one vote at 1:45 on Thursday afternoon. This will allow debate time on all of the pending nominations and accom-modate important committee hearings that will be occurring off the floor. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 351, 352, 353, 354, and 355. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nations of Halsey B. Frank, of Maine, to be United States Attorney for the District of Maine for the term of four years; D. Michael Hurst, Jr., of Mis-sissippi, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Mississippi for the term of four years; Jeffrey B. Jensen, of Missouri, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern Dis-trict of Missouri for the term of four years; Thomas L. Kirsch II, of Indiana, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Indiana for the term of four years; and William J. Pow-ell, of West Virginia, to be United States Attorney for the Northern Dis-trict of West Virginia for the term of four years. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Frank, Hurst, Jensen, Kirsch, and Powell nomina-tions en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 357 and 358. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.031 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6284 October 3, 2017 
The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nations of Stephen Censky, of Mis-souri, to be Deputy Secretary of Agri-culture; and Ted McKinney, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Af-fairs. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Censky and McKinney nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY’S MAXWELL H. GLUCK EQUINE RESEARCH CEN-TER Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to mark the 30th anniver-sary of the University of Kentucky’s Maxwell H. Gluck Equine Research Center. The city of Lexington, KY, known as the Horse Capital of the World, is the proud home to the Gluck Center dedicated to scientific research and education. Because of its cutting- edge research, the center is inter-nationally renowned and a destination for students, faculty, and members of the equine industry. Since the center’s founding in 1986, it has made significant contributions to the field of equine study. As part of the university’s College of Agriculture, Food, and Environment, the faculty at the Gluck Center are also committed to the education of the next generation of veterinarians and researchers. The Gluck Center’s success would be impossible without the vision of its founder and namesake, Maxwell Gluck. With his wife, Muriel, the Glucks en-couraged the university to establish the center and grow UK’s connection to the equine industry, which is vital to the economy and culture of the Com-monwealth. I would like to extend my congratu-lations to the director of the Gluck Center, Dr. David Horohov, and the chair of the Gluck Foundation, Dr. Stuart Brown. Under their leadership, this center has continued to grow and earn acclaim from all levels of the equine industry. Their efforts, along with those of UK’s administration, in-cluding President Eli Capilouto and college dean Nancy Cox, have helped to fulfill Maxwell and Muriel Gluck’s vi-sion. To mark this milestone, the center is hosting a seminar and open house fea-turing the inaugural ‘‘Teri Lear Memo-rial Lecture,’’ which will honor the life and scholarly legacy of Dr. Teri Lear, a beloved UK professor of veterinary science who passed away last year. Dr. Lear was one of the foremost experts of equine cytogenetics and helped lead the Horse Genome Project. This lecture series will continue to build upon the center’s reputation for excellence in re-search. In addition to the lecture, the Gluck Center will also host a celebration to honor one of its faculty members, Dr. Peter Timoney, for a career of inter-national accomplishment in the field of equine infectious disease treatment. Dr. Timoney previously served as the director of the Gluck Center from 1989 to 2006 and is also the past president of the World Equine Veterinary Associa-tion. I would like to add my voice to the chorus of congratulations to Dr. Timoney for his accomplished career, and I look forward to his continued contributions to his field. For 30 years, this center has helped lead in equine research. I am proud to join the UK community to celebrate the Gluck Equine Research Center and its many contributions to the Com-monwealth of Kentucky and to the in-dustry. I urge my colleagues to help me commemorate this occasion, and I look forward to many more achievements from the Gluck Center. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TIMUEL D. BLACK, JR. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, some-times, when I am asked to describe my politics, I say, ‘‘I believe in the Gospel of Saints Paul’’—Paul the Apostle, Paul Douglas, Paul Simon, and Paul Wellstone. Paul the Apostle was, of course, one of the most important figures in the history of the early Christian Church. Paul Douglas, Paul Simon, and Paul Wellstone were Members of this Senate and champions of human rights and human dignity. This Friday, another champion of human rights and human dignity—Dr. Timuel Black—will honored by Citizen Action Illinois with its ninth annual Pauls Award, named for Paul Simon and Paul Wellstone. I am lucky enough to have been friends with both Pauls—Simon and Wellstone. I am sure that they would have approved heartily of the decision to honor Dr. Black with an award bear-ing their names. Dr. Timuel Black is a decorated World War II veteran, an educator, au-thor, labor leader, civil rights activist, and historian—and a bender of the moral arc of the universe. He is a vi-sionary and—for me and so many oth-ers—a personal hero. Timuel Black was born in 1918, in Birmingham, AL—the son of a share-cropper and the grandson of slaves. He was 8 months old when his family moved to Chicago—the first wave of the great migration of African Ameri-cans from the Deep South to the North. They settled in a part of town called the Black Belt, now known as Bronzeville. He attended DuSable High School, a legendary all-Black public high school, where his classmates included Nat King Cole and John Johnson, who would go on to found Jet and Ebony magazines. On his 23rd birthday, Japan bombed U.S. Navy ships at Pearl Harbor. He served 2 years in a segregated U.S. Army. He participated in the Battle of the Bulge, the invasion of Normandy and the liberation of Paris, and he earned four battle stars. He thought he had seen the worst of World War II—then he witnessed what had happened at Buchenwald, the Nazi concentration camp. The horrors that he witnessed at that death camp changed his life. For a time, he was filled with de-spair. Then he resolved to spend the rest of his life doing whatever he could to advance the causes of human rights and human dignity. He returned to Chicago and earned an undergraduate degree from Roosevelt University and a master’s degree from the University of Chicago. He helped establish the Congress of Racial Equality. He also helped found a labor union that helped me work my way through college: the United Pack-inghouse Workers of America. He began his professional career as a social worker, but he quickly discov-ered that his real love was ‘‘teaching young men and women about the world they live in and how to be responsible citizens of that world.’’ He spent more than 40 years as a teacher, including positions at DuSable and other Chicago public schools, as well as Roosevelt University, Columbia College Chicago and schools in the City Colleges of Chicago system. Timuel Black was watching tele-vision in December 1955 when he saw ‘‘this good-looking man in Mont-gomery, Alabama.’’ He was so moved that he boarded a plane to meet him. A year later, Tim Black convinced that young man to come to Chicago— the first time Dr. Martin Luther King would speak in the city. In 1963, Dr. Black helped organize the Freedom Trains that carried thousands of Chicagoans to hear Dr. King and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.033 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6285 October 3, 2017 
others speak at the foot of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, DC. He was there when Dr. King delivered his im-mortal ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ speech. He was with Dr. King in 1966 when an angry mob jeered him in Chicago’s Marquette Park neighborhood. In 1983, Tim Black provided influen-tial support to help elect another of his DuSable High School classmates, Har-old Washington, the first African- American mayor of Chicago. Some years later, a young commu-nity organizer who had just returned to Chicago with a Harvard law degree asked Professor Black to teach him about organizing people so they could create a better life for themselves and their children. Over the years, Professor Black and that young organizer became good friends. On January 20, 2009, it was my privi-lege to invite Professor Black and his incredible wife, Zenobia Johnson- Black, to be my guests as that commu-nity organizer swore an oath to become President of the United States of America—Barack Obama. My friend, Paul Wellstone, had a beautiful definition of politics. He used to say: In the last analysis, politics is not predictions and politics is not ob-servations. Politics is what we do. Poli-tics is what we do, politics is what we create, by what we work for, by what we hope for and what we dare to imag-ine. Dr. Timuel Black has witnessed in-justice and inhumanity, but he has never stopped working to believe in a better world, and he has never stopped working to make that world a reality. He is a true inspiration, a Chicago treasure, and an American hero. 
f 
REFUGEE ADMISSIONS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, last Fri-day, President Trump announced that he will slash our refugee admissions to 45,000 in fiscal year 2018—the lowest an-nual target since the passage of the 1980 Refugee Act. Instead of embracing our moral and legal obligation to ad-dress the worst refugee crisis in global history, as has been our tradition for decades, President Trump seems intent on relinquishing our role as the hu-manitarian leader of the world. The dimming of our beacon is not just a symbolic loss; tens of thousands of human lives are now placed at risk. There is no rational basis for this shameful retreat. The administration’s own analysis shows that refugees con-tributed a net benefit of $63 billion to our economy between 2005 and 2014. Na-tional security leaders across the polit-ical spectrum, including former Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admi-ral Mullen, are unanimous in their view that refugees are the most strin-gently vetted travelers to the United States. Our commitment to welcoming refugees plays a critical role in strengthening our alliances in areas of conflict. The President stands alone in his dis-regard for the staggering suffering we are witnessing around the world. Last month, the Senate Appropriations Committee—on which I serve as vice chairman—unanimously approved a funding bill that demonstrates our un-wavering commitment to refugees. It fully funds offices that are critical to the continuity of refugee programs and even provides a $50 million increase to the State Department’s refugee assist-ance and resettlement missions. Our bipartisan bill repudiates any claims by President Trump that the United States is unwilling to commit the re-sources required to fund a refugee pro-gram that honors our history as a ref-uge for the persecuted. Even the con-servative Heritage Foundation has called on President Trump to set an-nual refugee admissions ‘‘based on his-torical refugee levels,’’ which have never dropped below 67,000 per year since the beginning of the Reagan ad-ministration. I am proud that my own State of Vermont has welcomed and resettled approximately 7,500 refugees since fis-cal year 1989. The city of Rutland was preparing to resettle an additional 100 refugees mainly from Syria last year and this fiscal year, until the Trump administration inexplicably halted cer-tain refugee admissions and announced drastic reductions to the refugee reset-tlement program. Vermont and other States stand ready to do more to ad-dress this global crisis, but the leader of our country is shamefully directing them to do less. Presidents have an obligation to pro-tect our Nation’s fundamental values. Presidents of both parties have long understood this. They have not for-saken our history as a nation founded by enterprising individuals seeking ref-uge and freedom from persecution. They have ensured that our policies do not betray our proud tradition as the humanitarian leader of the world. This decision illustrates that Presi-dent Trump is misinformed and that he has caved to the counsel of xenophobic voices seeking to hollow out our ref-ugee program. By shutting our doors to thousands of innocent human beings fleeing persecution and tyranny, he misunderstands the history of the country he was elected to lead. I hope that he reconsiders his callous deci-sion, as the law in fact empowers him to do, in light of emerging humani-tarian concerns. Nothing less than our Nation’s identity as an unwavering beacon of hope during the world’s dark-est chapters is at stake. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RAINER WEISS, KIP S. THORNE, AND BARRY C. BARISH Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences announced the awarding of the Nobel Prize in Physics to Rainer Weiss, Kip S. Thorne, and Barry C. Barish for ‘‘decisive contributions’’ to the observation of gravitational waves. This landmark discovery marks a giant leap forward in human knowledge, and I salute these Americans on their honor. Over 100 years ago, Albert Einstein predicted that massive objects and en-ergy could distort space-time. In order to detect these ‘‘ripples’’ in the fabric of space and time, known as gravita-tional waves, scientists worked over many years to develop the Laser Inter-ferometer Gravitational-wave Observ-atory, or LIGO. On September 14, 2015, scientists working at LIGO detected a ‘‘chirp’’—a ripple in space-time. What was ob-served because of LIGO was the result of two massive black holes merging to-gether over 1.3 billion light years away. This breakthrough discovery means that we now have an entirely new way of observing the universe. This achievement would not have been possible without the leadership of Dr. Weiss, Dr. Thorne, and Dr. Barish, along with the countless scientists who helped with the project, including the National Science Foundation. Two of the distinguished recipients hail from my home State. Dr. Thorne and Dr. Barish are professors at the California Institute of Technology, and I am proud of the role that Cal Tech played in making this discovery pos-sible. I also recognize Dr. Weiss, a Mas-sachusetts Institute of Technology pro-fessor, for his achievement. On behalf of all Californians, I com-mend these physicists on a well-de-served honor and for all that they have done to push our knowledge of the uni-verse forward. Let us hope that this discovery will continue to expand the horizon of human knowledge and lead to new efforts in humanity’s never-end-ing quest for enlightenment. Again, I congratulate these three dis-tinguished Americans and their fami-lies on this remarkable discovery and prestigious award. f 
TAIWAN’S 106TH NATIONAL DAY Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, a week from today, on October 10, the Tai-wanese people will celebrate their 106th Taiwanese National Day. I would like to take a few minutes to congratulate my Taiwanese friends on this impor-tant occasion. Taiwan has long been a trusted friend of the United States and a valuable partner in the increasingly important Asia-Pacific region. Taiwan is hugely important to Or-egon. It is also one of Oregon’s largest trading partners and a big export mar-ket for Oregon products like grain. Portland’s annual Grand Floral Parade and Rose Festival host delegations from Taiwan. Portland, OR, and Kaohsiung, Taiwan, are sister cities. These ties are both broad and deep, as I saw myself when I visited Taipei several years ago. That was more than a year before Taiwan’s historic 2016 election, but the Taiwanese people’s commitment to de-mocracy was already very much on dis-play. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC6.019 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6286 October 3, 2017 
Because our people share values like freedom, respect for human dignity, and entrepreneurship, I am honored today to reaffirm the U.S.-Taiwan rela-tionship. I wish my friends, the Taiwanese peo-ple, a wonderful 106th National Day and a fortuitous year ahead. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the people and leaders of Taiwan on their National Day to take place on October 10. The United States and Taiwan have a long history of mutual trade and friendship that has promoted prosperity and secu-rity on both sides of the Pacific. The United States-Taiwan bilateral rela-tionship continues to grow based on our shared democratic values and com-mon strategic interests. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating the people of Taiwan on their success and thanking them for their continued efforts to work with the United States on economic growth and security cooperation. The people of both the United States and Taiwan have much to celebrate. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONNA SACKETT Mr. LEE. Mr. President, government employment is often referred to as ‘‘public service.’’ That phrase could not be more appropriate in the case of Donna Sackett. Donna, a caseworker in my Utah of-fice, is retiring after 22 years in the Senate. Given the caliber of person that she is, it is my privilege to share a bit about her. Donna joined my team in 2014, bring-ing with her an unrivaled under-standing of rural Utah. If you don’t be-lieve me, walk into any county meet-ing in rural Utah and ask about Donna Sackett. You will get a lot of smiles in return. Donna built these personal relation-ships during her long residence in the State—she was born in Coleville, raised in Ogden—as well as past jobs with Governor Norm Bangerter and Senator Bob Bennett. Case work and constituent services work are not the right jobs for every-body. They require deep empathy and a delicate personal touch, as well as a good deal of resilience when dealing with sleepy government agencies, but they certainly were right for Donna. As anyone will tell you, Donna is a wellspring of compassion. Early in her career as a caseworker in the Gov-ernor’s office, her coworkers had to talk to her because she was working cases after hours and helping Utahns financially from her own pocket. Be-ginning caseworkers do not have a lot of money to give, as you might imag-ine, but like the widow in the Gospel story, Donna ‘‘cast in all that she had, even all her living,’’ Mark 12:44. That spirit of service still enlivens Donna Sackett. If someone comes to her with a problem, she will explore every avenue to put it right. When an elderly Navajo man who had worked in uranium mining had trouble getting special healthcare through worker’s compensation, it was Donna who helped him out. When Juab Coun-ty had trouble with its wilderness boundaries, it was Donna who helped county officials with the realignment. These two examples show that Donna was capable of tackling a wide range of problems. She was at home working on Social Security claims or public lands disputes. The important thing was that she could help. During a brief stint at FEMA, she even traveled to New York to help the people of that State recover from Superstorm Sandy. Donna worked hard for others, and she had a blast doing it. Her coworkers in Utah dubbed her the ‘‘fun sheriff,’’ not to be confused with the ‘‘fun po-lice,’’ because she would often round up staff members for office parties. If they were lucky, she would bring her award- winning salsa. Her love, enthusiasm, and excitement for life made her quick to laughter and friendship, while mak-ing her equally capable on her Harley- Davidson or the dance floor. Of course, Donna’s cheerfulness and sacrifice are not limited to her day job. She loves to teach the young as a pri-mary teacher for her church ward and to serve her neighbors and family. She is a loving wife to Byra Sackett, a lov-ing mother to three sons—Trever, Rod-ney, and Justin—and to her step-daughter Karen. She is a loving grand-mother and great-grandmother, and she cares for the afflicted, sometimes under her own roof. The time she spent caring for her mother, son Trevor, and step-daughter Karen during the final stages of their lives demonstrated her conviction about the eternal nature of families. If it wasn’t plain enough already, let me say it plainer still: Donna Sackett is an inexhaustible source of love for others. She models Christ’s love through her deeds. In her job, as in her private life, Donna Sackett displayed a servant’s heart. I will miss her dearly, and so will all the Utahns she touched over her valuable career in public service. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:00 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: H.R. 289. An act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture to issue permits for recreation serv-ices on lands managed by Federal agencies, and for other purposes. H.R. 965. An act to redesignate the Saint- Gaudens National Historic Site as the ‘‘Saint-Gaudens National Historical Park’’, and for other purposes. H.R. 1547. An act to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tucson, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by con-veyance of the Federal reversionary inter-ests to the City. H.R. 2316. An act to amend the Mineral Leasing Act and the Energy Policy Act of 1992 to repeal provisions relating only to the Allegheny National Forest. H.R. 2582. An act to authorize the State of Utah to select certain lands that are avail-able for disposal under the Pony Express Re-source Management Plan to be used for the support and benefit of State institutions, and for other purposes. H.R. 2937. An act to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to authorize partnerships between States and nongovernmental entities for the pur-pose of reclaiming and restoring land and water resources adversely affected by the coal mining activities before August 3, 1977, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that pursuant to section 703 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 903), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following in-dividual on the part of the House of Representatives to the Social Security Advisory Board to fill the existing va-cancy thereon: Ms. Nancy Altman of Bethesda, Maryland. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 289. An act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture to issue permits for recreation serv-ices on lands managed by Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 965. An act to redesignate the Saint- Gaudens National Historic Site as the ‘‘Saint-Gaudens National Historical Park’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 1547. An act to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tucson, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by con-veyance of the Federal reversionary interest to the City; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 2316. An act to amend the Mineral Leasing Act and the Energy Policy Act of 1992 to repeal provisions relating only to the Allegheny National Forest; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 2582. An act to authorize the State of Utah to select certain lands that are avail-able for disposal under the Pony Express Re-source Management Plan to be used for the support and benefit of State institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 2937. An act to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.026 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6287 October 3, 2017 
to authorize partnerships between States and nongovernmental entities for the pur-pose of reclaiming and restoring land and water resources adversely affected by coal mining activities before August 3, 1977, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2949. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Phosphoric Acid Manufacturing and Phosphate Fertilizer Production Risk and Technology Review Reconsideration’’ (FRL No. 9968–01–OAR) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2950. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Technical Amendments to Procedure 6’’ ((RIN2060–AS86) (FRL No. 9968–02–OAR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2951. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances’’ ((RIN2070–AB27) (FRL No. 9959–81)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2952. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Finding of Failure to Submit State Implementation Plans Required for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone NAAQS; California; Sac-ramento Metro’’ (FRL No. 9966–86–Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2953. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Kansas Air Quality State Implementation Plans; Construction Per-mits and Approvals Program’’ (FRL No. 9967– 97–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2954. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Air Quality Implementa-tion Plans; New Jersey, 2011 Periodic Emis-sion Inventory SIP for the Ozone Nonattain-ment and PM2.5/Regional Haze Areas’’ (FRL No. 9968–05–Region 2) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2955. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants: Colorado, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, and Wyoming; Negative Declarations’’ (FRL No. 9968–11–Region 8) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–2956. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Plans for Designated Facilities; New Jersey; Dele-gation of Authority’’ (FRL No. 9968–13–Re-gion 2) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2957. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Reasonably Avail-able Control Technology for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ard’’ (FRL No. 9967–53–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 21, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–2958. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Vir-ginia; Removal of Clean Air Interstate Rule Trading Programs Replaced by Cross-State Air Pollution Rule Trading Programs’’ (FRL No. 9968–15–Region 3) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2959. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; 2011 Base Year Inventory for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ard for the Maryland Portion of the Philadel-phia-Wilmington-Atlantic City Nonattain-ment Area’’ (FRL No. 9968–00–Region 3) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–2960. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; North Carolina Miscellaneous Rules’’ (FRL No. 9968–10–Re-gion 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2961. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Minnesota; Pre-vention of Significant Deterioration’’ (FRL No. 9968–22–Region 5) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2962. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; GA; Emission Re-duction Credits’’ (FRL No. 9968–17–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2963. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Delaware; State Implementation Plan for Interstate Trans-port for the 2008 Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9968–20–Region 3) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2964. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Delaware; Infra-structure Requirements for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Standard’’ (FRL No. 9967–99–Region 3) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2965. A communication from the Chief of the Border Security Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Changes to the In-Bond Process’’ (RIN1515– AD81) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–2966. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Extension of Import Restrictions on Archaeological and Ecclesiastical Ethno-logical Materials from Guatemala’’ ((RIN– 1515–AE33) (CBP Dec. 17–14)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 25, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–2967. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to imported foods for fiscal year 2016; to the Committees on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; and Appropriations. EC–2968. A joint communication from the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to Thefts, Losses, or Releases of Select Agents and Toxins for Calendar Year 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2969. A communication from the Sec-retary of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Department of Labor’s 2016 Findings on the Worst Forms of Child Labor’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. I SAKSON , and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 1906. A bill to posthumously award the Congressional Gold Medal to each of Glen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC6.003 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6288 October 3, 2017 
Doherty, Tyrone Woods, J. Christopher Ste-vens, and Sean Smith in recognition of their contributions to the Nation; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. NELSON: S. 1907. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide tax relief for dis-aster areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ): S. 1908. A bill to streamline the employer reporting process and strengthen the eligi-bility verification process for the premium assistance tax credit and cost-sharing sub-sidy; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. 1909. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a system to educate individuals approaching Medicare eligibility, to simplify and modernize the eli-gibility enrollment process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Ms. H
IRONO ): S. 1910. A bill to clarify membership re-quirements for the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. K AINE, Mr. W ARNER , and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 1911. A bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. REED: S. 1912. A bill to ensure that irresponsible corporate executives, rather than share-holders, pay fines and penalties; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. Res. 279. A resolution reaffirming the commitment of the United States to pro-mote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cambodia; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. T
HUNE ): S. Res. 280. A resolution designating the week of October 2 through October 6, 2017, as ‘‘National Health Information Technology Week’’ to recognize the value of health infor-mation technology in transforming and im-proving the healthcare system for all people in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 146 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 146, a bill to strengthen accountability for deploy-ment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. S. 293 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 293, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the de-ferral of inclusion in gross income for capital gains reinvested in opportunity zones. 
S. 322 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 322, a bill to protect victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 366 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 366, a bill to require the Federal financial institutions regulatory agen-cies to take risk profiles and business models of institutions into account when taking regulatory actions, and for other purposes. 
S. 384 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 384, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 482 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 482, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to treat certain amounts paid for physical activity, fit-ness, and exercise as amounts paid for medical care. 
S. 708 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 708, a bill to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are illegally imported into the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1002, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial in-stitutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 1042 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1042, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to exclude Segal Americorps Education Awards and re-lated awards from income. S. 1064 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1064, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to prohibit the stigmatization of chil-dren who are unable to pay for meals. 
S. 1108 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1108, a bill to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. 
S. 1110 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the names of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Sen-ator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1110, a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide for private lactation areas in the ter-minals of large and medium hub air-ports, and for other purposes. 
S. 1274 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1274, a bill to direct the Presi-dent to establish an interagency mech-anism to coordinate United States de-velopment programs and private sector investment activities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1568 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1568, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of President John F. Kennedy. 
S. 1589 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1589, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Small Busi-ness Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1595 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1595, a bill to amend the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Act of 2015 to im-pose additional sanctions with respect to Hizballah, and for other purposes. 
S. 1766 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1766, a bill to reauthorize the SAFER Act of 2013, and for other purposes. 
S. 1769 
At the request of Ms. H ASSAN , the name of the Senator from Missouri 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC6.006 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6289 October 3, 2017 
(Mrs. M CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1769, a bill to require a new or updated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mobile friendly, and for other purposes. 
S. 1791 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1791, a bill to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former Presi-dent, and for other purposes. 
S. 1827 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1827, a bill to extend funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1847 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1847, a bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to en-sure that the needs of children are con-sidered in homeland security, traf-ficking, and disaster recovery plan-ning, and for other purposes. 
S. 1867 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1867, a bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to eliminate the sunset of certain provisions relat-ing to information technology, to amend the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to extend the sunset relating to the Fed-eral Data Center Consolidation Initia-tive, and for other purposes. 
S. 1899 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Ne-braska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1899, a bill to reauthorize and extend funding for community health centers and the National Health Service Corps. 
S. CON. RES. 6 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 6, a concurrent resolution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. NELSON: S. 1907. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide tax re-lief for disaster areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I am the Senator from Florida, along with my colleague MARCO RUBIO. We, of course, have been at the forefront of this ter-rible tragedy that is going on in Puerto Rico, and I want to comment on that. By the way, speaking of bipartisan-ship, there is a good example. Senator R
UBIO and I, when our State was hit by Irma, spent 3 days, going around to-gether, showing that we were shoulder to shoulder trying to help Floridians overcome the tragedy that had just be-fallen them. We dished out food to-gether. We went and surveyed the floods. We went into the poor, little cities. We went and thanked university students who had rescued the elderly, the frail, when they were abandoned. We went all across the State. The day after the storm, we went first into the Keys to see the destruction there. Sen-ator R
UBIO and I have been joined at the hip. When it comes to looking at what is happening in Puerto Rico, it is pretty obvious. Last week, a week had passed since the storm. In fact, the supplies were stacking up, but they were stack-ing up in the ports. They were not able to get out into the interior of the is-land. The two of us were pretty strong in our words; that you have to get the most capable organization in to do that when in fact it is almost like combat conditions, and that is the U.S. mili-tary. Finally, Wednesday night of last week, they sent me a three-star gen-eral who started to get it organized. Now we are seeing it distributed out, but it is going to take more because it is an island that is just absolutely dev-astated. It is going to take a long time to recover, and it is going to take a lot more money. Remember, these are our fellow American citizens. We saw the devasta-tion in Florida. Now the continuing hardship is being tolled in Puerto Rico. It is a population where half are with-out drinking water, only 5 percent— and this is 2 weeks after the storm—of the electricity grid is restored, and cash is in short supply. Whereas, in Florida we saw the flood-ed streets, the downed trees, the crushed cars, the flipped over mobile homes, limited access to critical sup-plies like gasoline. Property damage was everywhere, and it was the entire State. What we are seeing is—multiply that many fold, and that is what we are seeing in Puerto Rico. We are working on a supplemental funding bill. Remember that right after the first storm in Texas, we passed a $15 billion emergency supplemental ap-propriations bill. That is going to run out within the next few days so we have to have another supplemental funding bill. As you can imagine, now it is not just Texas and Florida, but it is the Virgin Islands, it is Puerto Rico, and there are some other States as well. We are going to need to help the people cover the cost of recovery, and we are going to need to jump-start the local economy in those areas hardest hit by the storms. Today I am going to introduce a piece of legislation. I call it the Na-tional Disaster Tax Relief Act, which would give people affected by these storms some much needed tax relief. This is in the shadow of the conversa-tions taking place, as we speak, in a hearing—which I have just come from—in the Finance Committee about future reform of the Federal Tax Code. The bill I am introducing today would do four things: One, it would let businesses and farmers immediately write off their cleanup costs, not just their replacement costs. For example, the Florida citrus grow-ers in the central part of the State— and it was finally going to be a good news story on our citrus crop—half of the citrus buffeted by the wind is on the ground. Go further south into Southwest Florida, 75 percent of the citrus is on the ground. What this would do is allow the citrus growers to be able to, in the first year, write off the costs— expenses, in other words—of removing the downed trees, not just the cost of a new tree. That is especially important to citrus growers all over the United States because they are already hurt-ing from a plant disease, a bacteria known as greening, which kills the cit-rus tree in 5 years. Therefore, there are a number of these groves that have been abandoned, but it is valuable land. We need to give an incentive to the citrus grower to be able to go in and plow under that cit-rus growth and replant—the immediate expensing of that plowing under, plus the replanting of what we think are hardier varieties of citrus that are more resistant to this disease, this bac-teria called greening. We think that would be a huge incentive to try to save the citrus industry not only in my State but in Texas, Arizona, California. There is citrus also in Louisiana and some in other Southern States. The second thing the bill does is it gives taxpayers the ability to exempt State and local disaster mitigation payments from Federal taxes, and it lets them save for the next big storm tax-free. That would be in a catas-trophe savings account. It would allow people to save tax-free $150,000 to cover things not covered by insurance. In Southwest Florida, there are a lot of seawalls that cave in, sea-walls that are extremely expensive to rebuild and repair. This tax-free ac-count would allow them to put away savings for that and other kinds of costs of remediation. They go out, and they try to save their home by getting tarps on the roof, making certain re-pairs until they can get the replace-ment, and the insurance can pay for it. Expensing of those items in the Tax Code would certainly be that incentive. The bill also includes extra infra-structure financing for areas damaged by the storms; for example, help for low-income housing needs and other in-frastructure needs that are so impor-tant to economic recovery. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC6.011 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6290 October 3, 2017 
The fourth thing the bill does is it in-cludes tax incentives for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands and extends tax benefits that are available on the mainland but not in the territories like the full child tax credit. Why should we treat our American citizens in a territory any differently taxwise on a child tax credit than we treat our citizens on the mainland, the main 50 States? It shouldn’t be. It doesn’t make sense. What is happening in Puerto Rico should concern every American. Gov-ernor Rossello has warned of a humani-tarian crisis if we do not quickly move to alleviate this situation. The Coast Guard is working with FEMA and others to bring in drinking water and other critical supplies as well. Additional work is being done to restore power. Generators are being shipped in to help manage the load at the airport, and there are 30 flights per day now, which is projected to grow to 60 flights in the coming days. Mean-while, as the evacuations continue, we don’t want to leave Puerto Rico in tat-ters. We have to rebuild. That is going to be an expensive cost to pay. As we are going into a supplemental package for all of these storm-affected areas, and since the utilities in Puerto Rico were so out-of-date and so arcane, let’s think creatively. In remote vil-lages, let’s supply photovoltaic cells to generate electricity as a backup be-cause another storm is going to come and the power lines are going to go down. Let’s think creatively as we help these areas rebuild. We are working on this supplemental package to get additional aid to those suffering, and I am hopeful that what I have suggested here as a tax incentive will be a part of that conversation. Our country is hurting. We should be doing everything we can to help it heal. Now, not only are we healing from coming out of some ferocious storms, but now we have another grim re-minder that, in America, we are not treating each other as we would want to be treated. Something is wrong in the psyche of some, so that whatever the motivation is, there would be mass execution. I hope we will soon have a very serious conversation about the di-rection of this country. 
By Mr. REED: S. 1912. A bill to ensure that irrespon-sible corporate executives, rather than shareholders, pay fines and penalties; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. REED. Mr. President, today, I am introducing the Corporate Manage-ment Accountability Act, which re-quest each publicly traded company to disclose its policies on whether senior executives or shareholders bear the costs of paying the company’s fines and penalties. In 2014, the President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, William Dudley, gave a speech on Enhancing Financial Stability by Improving Cul-ture in the Financial Services Indus-try. In this speech, President Dudley said, ‘‘in recent years, there have been ongoing occurrences of serious profes-sional misbehavior, ethical lapses and compliance failures at financial insti-tutions. This has resulted in a long list of large fines and penalties, and, to a lesser degree than I would have desired employee dismissals and punish-ment....  The pattern of bad behavior did not end with the financial crisis, but continued despite the considerable public sector intervention that was necessary to stabilize the financial sys-tem. As a consequence, the financial industry has largely lost the public trust.’’ Since 2008, ‘‘banks globally have paid $321 billion in fines . . . for an abun-dance of regulatory failings from money laundering to market manipula-tion and terrorist financing, according to data from Boston Consulting Group.’’ Unfortunately, despite these fines, we continue to see disappointing behavior at our financial institutions, whether it is Wells Fargo betraying the trust of its customers by opening unau-thorized accounts or it is Equifax en-dangering millions of consumers by compromising critical personal infor-mation. Indeed, in my home State of Rhode Island, nearly half the State may have been affected by the cyberse-curity breach at Equifax. Given these and other breaches and lapses, it is clear that many financial institutions have a long way to go in rebuilding the trust of Rhode Islanders and the Amer-ican people. At the same time, it is also clear that more must be done than simply fining and penalizing financial institu-tions at the corporate level. Senior ex-ecutives, many of whom are all too eager to take credit for a company’s good news, must also take more re-sponsibility for the bad news, espe-cially if it is true that the buck stops with them. For example, the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission concluded ‘‘the financial crisis reached cata-clysmic proportions with the collapse of Lehman Brothers,’’ and yet, accord-ing to the Congressional Research Service, not a single senior executive officer at Lehman Brothers at the Fed-eral level was charged, went to jail, or personally paid a Federal fine or pen-alty for the damage caused at Lehman Brothers that rippled through our economy in 2008. According to Professor Peter J. Henning, who also writes for the New York Times in its White Collar Watch column, ‘‘a problem in holding individ-uals accountable for misconduct in an organization is the disconnect between the actual decisions and those charged with overseeing the company, so that executives and corporate boards usu-ally plead ignorance about an issue until it is too late.’’ The Corporate Management Account-ability Act I am introducing today is one attempt at helping to solve this problem. The bill asks publicly traded companies to disclose whether they ex-pect senior executives or shareholders to pay the cost of corporate fines or penalties. This approach is supported by University of Minnesota Law School Professors Claire Hill and Richard Painter, who also served as President George W. Bush’s chief ethics lawyer, as well as U.S. PIRG, Public Citizen, and Americans for Financial Reform. Companies must do a better job of aligning executive incentives so that they are motivated to put their share-holders, and not themselves, first. I urge all my colleagues to join this leg-islative effort to hold senior executives accountable for their actions. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 279—RE-AFFIRMING THE COMMITMENT OF THE UNITED STATES TO PRO-MOTE DEMOCRACY, HUMAN RIGHTS, AND THE RULE OF LAW IN CAMBODIA Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 279 Whereas Prime Minister Hun Sen has been in power in Cambodia since 1985 and is the longest-serving leader in Southeast Asia; Whereas the Paris Peace Accords in 1991 provided a vital framework, supported by the international community, intended to help Cambodia undertake a transition to democ-racy, including through elections and multiparty government; Whereas the United States Government, for more than 25 years, has provided hun-dreds of millions of dollars in development aid and other types of assistance to the peo-ple of Cambodia and funded work in areas in-cluding civil society, capacity building for nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), global health, and the Khmer Rouge Tri-bunal; Whereas, despite decades of international attention and assistance to promote a plu-ralistic, multi-party democratic system in Cambodia, the Government of Cambodia con-tinues to be undemocratically dominated by the ruling Cambodia People’s Party (CPP), which controls every agency and security ap-paratus of the state; Whereas the leadership of Cambodia’s secu-rity forces, including all of its top military and police commanders, sit on the Central Committee of the politburo of the CPP; Whereas the CPP controls Cambodia’s par-liament and can pass legislation without any opposition, and has often passed laws that benefit its rule and weaken the capacity of the opposition to challenge it; Whereas each of the five elections that have taken place in Cambodia since 1991 were not conducted in circumstances that were free and fair, and each were marked by fraud, intimidation, violence, and the government’s misuse of legal mechanisms to weaken oppo-sition candidates and parties; Whereas, in 2015, the CPP-controlled par-liament passed the ‘‘Law on Associations and Non-Governmental Organizations’’, known as LANGO, which gave the govern-ment sweeping powers to revoke the reg-istration of NGOs found to be operating with a political bias in a blatant attempt to re-strict the legitimate work of civil society; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03OC6.016 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6291 October 3, 2017 
Whereas, since the passage of LANGO, the Interior Ministry has announced that it was surveilling several civil society organiza-tions and their employees for allegedly aid-ing Cambodia’s opposition party, the Cam-bodia National Rescue Party (CNRP); Whereas both the National Democratic In-stitute (NDI) and the International Repub-lican Institute (IRI) have a long history in Cambodia, engaging local partners and build-ing capacity for civil society, democracy, and good governance; Whereas, on August 23, 2017, Cambodia’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs ordered the clo-sure of NDI and the expulsion of its foreign staff on allegations that it had violated LANGO and was conspiring against Prime Minister Hun Sen; Whereas, on September 15, 2017, Prime Minister Hun Sen called for the withdrawal of all volunteers from the United States Peace Corps, which has operated in Cam-bodia since 2006 with 500 United States vol-unteers providing English language and healthcare training; Whereas the Government of Cambodia in 2016 arrested four senior staff members of the Cambodian Human Rights and Development Association (ADHOC), as well as a former ADHOC staff member and official on the Na-tional Election Committee (NEC), and held them in pre-trial detention for 427 days until released on bail on June 29, 2017, in the wake of sustained international pressure; Whereas the Government of Cambodia ar-rested activist and women’s rights defender Tep Vanny in August 2016 and has kept her in prison for over a year; Whereas the prominent Cambodian polit-ical commentator Kem Ley was assassinated on July 10, 2016, five days after a senior Cam-bodian general publicly called on the Cam-bodian Armed Forces to ‘‘eliminate and dis-pose of’’ anyone ‘‘fomenting social turmoil’’ in Cambodia; Whereas Kem Ley had been a frequent crit-ic of Prime Minister Hun Sen, fueling con-cerns that his killing was politically moti-vated and ordered by higher authorities; Whereas the Government of Cambodia has taken several measures to restrict its media environment, including imposing a tax bill amounting to millions of dollars levied against independent media outlets that re-sulted in the closure of independent news-paper The Cambodian Daily in early Sep-tember 2017; Whereas the Government of Cambodia has ordered several radio stations to stop the broadcasting of Radio Free Asia and Voice of America; Whereas the next general election in Cam-bodia is scheduled for July 29, 2018, and the CPP continues to use intimidation and mis-use of legal mechanisms to weaken political opposition and media organizations in order to retain its power; Whereas the Cambodian parliament in 2017 passed two repressive amendments to Cam-bodia’s Law on Political Parties that allow authorities to dissolve political parties and ban party leaders from political activity, and which contain numerous restrictions tai-lored to create obstacles for opposition par-ties in an attempt to maintain the CPP’s hold on power; Whereas Kem Sokha, the President of CNRP, was arrested on September 3, 2017, and charged with treason and conspiring with the United States Government to over-throw the Government of Cambodia, and if convicted faces up to 30 years in prison, which sets the stage for the CNRP to be dis-solved; Whereas the United States Embassy in Cambodia has publicly called for the imme-diate release of Mr. Sokha and the removal of restrictions on civil society; Whereas the CNRP’s previous leader, Sam Rainsy, remains in exile due to an out-standing warrant for his arrest in a politi-cally motivated criminal case; Whereas Human Rights Watch reported that local elections held in Cambodia on June 4, 2017, took place in a ‘‘threatening en-vironment hostile to free speech and genuine political participation, leading to elections that were neither free nor fair’’; Whereas international election monitoring groups reported fundamental flaws in the electoral process and violations of Cam-bodia’s election campaign rules during June’s local election; Whereas the Interior Ministry of Cambodia demanded that two election-monitoring or-ganizations cease their activities just months after the local elections for allegedly violating the LANGO law, which will allow the CPP to continue to increase restrictions on election monitoring as the 2018 national elections approach; Whereas, despite irregularities in the elec-toral process, the CNRP made significant gains in local elections compared to previous cycles, making clear that national elections in 2018, if they are conducted freely and fair-ly, will be tightly contested; Whereas national elections in 2018 will be closely watched to ensure openness and fair-ness, and to monitor whether all political parties and civil society groups are allowed to freely participate; Whereas, on September 7, 2017, the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate re-ported out the fiscal year 2018 appropriations bill for the Department of State and foreign operations (S. 1780), which restricted any funds to the central Government of Cam-bodia unless it has ‘‘ceased efforts to intimi-date civil society and the political opposi-tion in Cambodia, is credibly investigating the murder of social and political activists’’ and ‘‘is supporting the conduct of free and fair elections in Cambodia through a non- partisan election commission; fair election processes; open and inclusive participation, to include the return of exiled former opposi-tion leaders and the release of jailed opposi-tion leaders and civil society activists; re-spect for freedoms of assembly, speech, and the press, and credible post-election dispute resolution mechanism’’; and Whereas S. 1780 also includes language ad-dressing the ‘‘inadmissibility of Cambodia officials who undermine democracy in Cam-bodia’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) reaffirms the commitment of the United States to promote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cambodia; (2) condemns all forms of political violence in Cambodia, and urges the cessation of on-going human rights violations; (3) urges Prime Minister Hun Sen and the Cambodian People’s Party to end all harass-ment and intimidation of Cambodia’s opposi-tion and foster an environment where de-mocracy can thrive and flourish; (4) urges the Department of State, in asso-ciation with the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the Department of the Treasury, to consider placing all senior Cam-bodian government officials implicated in the abuses noted above on the Specially Des-ignated Nationals (SDN) list; (5) urges the Government of Cambodia to free Mr. Kem Sokha immediately and uncon-ditionally; (6) calls on the Government of Cambodia to respect freedom of the press and the rights of its citizens to freely assemble, protest, and speak out against the government; (7) supports electoral reform efforts in Cambodia and free and fair elections in 2018 monitored by international observers; and (8) urges the President to communicate to the Government of Cambodia that if it ig-nores the recommendations of the inter-national community and maintains the cur-rent restrictive and intimidating political environment, the United States Government will have no choice but to determine that the 2018 elections were not conducted freely or fairly because the results could not be an expression of the democratic will of the Cambodian people. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 280—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF OCTOBER 2 THROUGH OCTOBER 6, 2017, AS ‘‘NATIONAL HEALTH INFORMA-TION TECHNOLOGY WEEK’’ TO RECOGNIZE THE VALUE OF HEALTH INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY IN TRANSFORMING AND IMPROVING THE HEALTHCARE SYSTEM FOR ALL PEOPLE IN THE UNITED STATES Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. T
HUNE ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 280 Whereas Congress has emphasized that the use of health information technology is es-sential to providing coordinated care, ex-panding access to care, and improving the quality of mental and physical health for all people in the United States; Whereas health information technology is essential for improving patient care, ensur-ing patient safety, stopping duplicative tests and paperwork, and reducing healthcare costs; Whereas Congress has recognized that the convergence of medical advances, health in-formation technology, and high-speed broadband networks are transforming the de-livery of care by bringing healthcare pro-viders and patients together virtually, espe-cially those patients who are in disadvan-taged populations and areas; Whereas the further development of preci-sion medicine, which tailors medicines and treatments to the unique genetic blueprint, lifestyle, and environmental data of each pa-tient, requires advances in health informa-tion technology to compare that data with the information of other individuals in order to predict illness and determine the best treatments; Whereas Congress has recognized the need, and taken action, to modernize regulations in order to grow the health information technology market, improve the health of all people in the United States, create high-de-mand jobs, and stimulate market innova-tion; and Whereas it is necessary to continue activi-ties that are foundational to the trans-formation of healthcare delivery in the United States, including— (1) promoting innovation in health infor-mation technology; (2) opening interoperability between sys-tems and devices; and (3) exchanging health information con-fidently and securely among different pro-viders, systems, and insurers: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of October 2 through October 6, 2017, as ‘‘National Health Information Technology Week’’; (2) recognizes the value of information technology and management systems in transforming healthcare for the people of the United States; and (3) encourages all interested parties to pro-mote the use of information technology and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03OC6.015 S03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6292 October 3, 2017 
management systems to transform the healthcare system of the United States. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I have 12 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, October 3, 2017, at 10 a.m., in open session, to re-ceive testimony on the political and se-curity situation in Afghanistan. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, October 3, 2017, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Wells Fargo: One Year Later.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to hold a Business Meeting on Tuesday, October 3, 2017, beginning at 10:15 a.m. in Room 366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building in Washington, DC. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to hold a hearing on Tuesday, October 3, 2017, at 10:30 a.m. in Room 366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing in Washington, DC. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, October 3, 2017, at 10 a.m. in 215 Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘International Tax Reform.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, October 3, 2017, at 10 a.m., to hold a hearing en-titled ‘‘Nominations .’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Tuesday, October 3, 2017, at 2 p.m., to hold a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet, during the session of the Senate, in order to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Every Student Succeeds Act: Unleashing State Innovation’’ on Tuesday, October 3, 2017, at 10 a.m., in room 430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, October 3, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. in order to conduct a hear-ing on the nomination of John M. Mitnick to be General Counsel, U.S. Department of Homeland Security. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on Tuesday, October 3, 2017, at 10 a.m., in room SH–216 of the Hart Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Administration’s Decision to End De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate, on Tuesday, October 3, 2017 from 2 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Senate Hart Office Building to hold a Closed Member Roundtable. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES SUBCOMMITTEE ON ENERGY  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Energy is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to hold a hearing on Tuesday, October 3, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. in Room 366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building in Washington, DC. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m. on Wednesday, October 4; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Hargan nomination, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their des-ignees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:24 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, October 4, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: EXPORT –IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES  
SPENCER BACHUS III, OF ALABAMA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE EXPORT–IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 20, 2019, VICE PATRICIA M. LOUI, TERM EX-PIRED. SPENCER BACHUS III, OF ALABAMA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE EXPORT–IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 20, 2023. (REAPPOINTMENT) JUDITH DELZOPPO PRYOR, OF OHIO, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE EXPORT–IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 20, 2021, VICE LARRY W. WALTHER, TERM EX-PIRED. KIMBERLY A. REED, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO BE FIRST VICE PRESIDENT OF THE EXPORT–IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 20, 2021, VICE WANDA FELTON, RESIGNED. CLAUDIA SLACIK, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE EXPORT–IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 20, 2019, VICE SEAN ROBERT MULVANEY, TERM EXPIRED. CLAUDIA SLACIK, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE EXPORT–IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 20, 2023. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
NEIL JACOBS, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF COMMERCE, VICE MANSON K. BROWN, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
TIMOTHY KELLY, OF MICHIGAN, TO BE ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY FOR CAREER, TECHNICAL, AND ADULT EDU-CATION, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, VICE BRENDA DANN–MESSIER. 
FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY  
ERNEST W. DUBESTER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING JULY 1, 2019, VICE CAROL WALLER POPE, TERM EXPIRED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
DON R. WILLETT, OF TEXAS, TO BE A CIRCUIT JUDGE, UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT, VICE EMILIO M. GARZA, RETIRED. 
SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
DAVID CHRISTIAN TRYON, OF OHIO, TO BE CHIEF COUN-SEL FOR ADVOCACY, SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRA-TION, VICE DARRYL L. DEPRIEST, RESIGNED. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate October 3, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
HALSEY B. FRANK, OF MAINE, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF MAINE FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. D. MICHAEL HURST, JR., OF MISSISSIPPI, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. JEFFREY B. JENSEN, OF MISSOURI, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF MIS-SOURI FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. THOMAS L. KIRSCH II, OF INDIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF IN-DIANA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. WILLIAM J. POWELL, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF WEST VIRGINIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE  
STEPHEN CENSKY, OF MISSOURI, TO BE DEPUTY SEC-RETARY OF AGRICULTURE. TED MCKINNEY, OF INDIANA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF AGRICULTURE FOR TRADE AND FOREIGN AG-RICULTURAL AFFAIRS. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on October 3, 2017 withdrawing from further Sen-ate consideration the following nomi-nation: 
SPENCER BACHUS III, OF ALABAMA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE EXPORT–IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 20, 2021, VICE LARRY W. WALTHER, TERM EX-PIRED, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JUNE 19, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A03OC6.016 S03OCPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1309 October 3, 2017 
HONORING DEBBIE MERRILL 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to congratulate Debbie Merrill on her retire-ment. A committed public servant, Ms. Merrill faithfully worked to represent her constituents and our country on Capitol Hill for over 43 years. Ms. Merrill learned the value of public serv-ice at an early age. Her father, a Native Amer-ican from the Sioux tribe, served our country in the U.S. Army. After his honorable dis-charge, he attended college with help from the G.I. Bill. He later served in the U.S. House of Representatives Appropriations Committee as a career staffer. Debbie credits the federal help of the G.I. Bill with providing her family a path to success, saying that her career choice was a way for her to ‘‘give back to the country that gave [her] family so much.’’ Over the course of Ms. Merrill’s notable ca-reer, she worked for five Democratic Con-gressmen. In 1974, she was hired for her first job in Congress as a legislative assistant to Congressman Clement Zablocki of Wisconsin. She went on to work for Congressmen Nich-olas Mavroules and Marty Meehan of Massa-chusetts. In 1994, she joined Congressman Sam Farr’s office as Legislative Director. Among her many efforts on behalf of the peo-ple of California’s 20th congressional district, she was instrumental in establishing in Marina the country’s first joint-from-inception Depart-ment of Defense and Department of Veterans Affairs clinic; supporting the opening of the Central Coast Veterans Cemetery; and cre-ating Team Monterey, a collaborative team en-vironment for local defense and national secu-rity entities as they seek federal investment. Ms. Merrill served in Congressman Farr’s of-fice for over 20 years, until his retirement. She proudly joined my staff after I was sworn in this past January, and swiftly got my office off the ground. Her presence proved invaluable as she led our junior staffers in her capable hands, ensuring that once she retired, I was left with a knowledgeable and strong legisla-tive team. Her background on defense, vet-erans, transportation, and housing issues was exceptional. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Debbie Merrill for all she has done to serve the people of the central coast of California, Massachusetts, and Wisconsin, and to serve our country. I wish her the very best in her re-tirement and in all her future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING JACOB BRIAN AHART 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Jacob Brian Ahart. Jacob is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 394, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Jacob has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Jacob has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Jacob has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Jacob Brian Ahart for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America, and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 106TH NATIONAL DAY OF TAIWAN 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 106th National Day of Tai-wan on October 10, 2017. For decades, the United States and Taiwan have enjoyed a fruitful partnership that con-tinues to this day. Taiwan is the United States’ 10th largest trading partner and 8th largest ex-port market for U.S. agricultural products, which has direct ties to Hoosier. Recently, Tai-wan’s Agriculture Goodwill Trade Mission to Washington, D.C. and my home state of Indi-ana culminated in a $2.8 billion procurement agreement between Taiwan and U.S. grain producers. I applaud the mission’s success and look forward to continued collaboration with Taiwan. I ask my colleagues to join me in support the U.S.-Taiwan relationship, and in wishing Taiwan a Happy Double Ten Day. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHILDREN’S CAR-DIOMYOPATHY AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. BRENDA L. LAWRENCE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Children’s Cardiomyopathy Awareness Month and to honor the memory of one of my constituents who lost his life far too early to a truly devastating condition. Pediatric cardiomyopathy, a chronic and de-generative disease of the heart muscle, is the leading cause of sudden cardiac arrest in chil-dren. My constituent, Kyle John Rymiszewski, was diagnosed at birth with hypertrophic car-diomyopathy, which thickens the heart muscle and restricts blood flow around the body. He courageously fought it for years until his heart of gold stopped beating at the young age of fifteen. In memory of their son, Kyle’s parents, Ken Rymiszewski and Aimee Cowher, found-ed the Kyle John Rymiszewski Foundation to increase awareness of hypertrophic cardio-myopathy and to fund critically needed re-search to improve treatment outcomes. Other organizations like the Children’s Cardio-myopathy Foundation also further this work and help families care for children with cardio-myopathy. I commend these organizations for their tireless work to give our children a better chance at life. It is important that we recognize Children’s Cardiomyopathy Awareness Month and con-tinue to spread awareness about this disease. Over forty percent of children diagnosed with cardiomyopathy will either die or undergo a heart transplant within the first two years of their diagnosis. Despite this, little is known about the causes of this disease and there currently is no cure for it. Although patients with the four different types of cardiomyopathy have varying symptoms, each case poses major challenges and dangers. During this month and beyond, we must commit to spreading information and resources to help identify at-risk children and avoid preventable tragedies. Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in spreading awareness of this disease and supporting children like Kyle who suffer from pediatric cardiomyopathy. f 
RECOGNIZING HON. KEITH FUDENNA ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, along with my colleague, Congressman R
O K
HANNA , I rise to recognize the Honorable Keith H. Fudenna on the occasion of his re-tirement after 28 years of serving as a judicial officer at the Fremont Hall of Justice. Keith comes from a family that is dedicated to service. His father, Harold Fudenna, worked with U.S. intelligence forces in the South Pa-cific. Harold intercepted the message that ex-posed the location of Admiral Yamamoto, the Japanese military officer who planned the Pearl Harbor attack. Following in his father’s footsteps, Keith graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with a degree in mechanical engi-neering in 1971. He continued pursuing his education at the University of California, Has-tings College of Law and earned his juris doc-torate in 1974. Keith was admitted to the State Bar of Cali-fornia in 1974, marking the beginning of his service to the community through both the public and private sectors. He began work at the Fremont City Attorney’s Office before transitioning to private practice from 1981 to 1990. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03OC8.001 E03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1310 October 3, 2017 
After his time in private practice he became a Court Commissioner for the Fremont-New-ark-Union City Municipal Court for seven years. In 1997, he was appointed Judge of the Municipal Court by Governor Pete Wilson. Keith was the first Asian American judge to serve on the Fremont-Newark-Union City Mu-nicipal Court. Following his appointment, he was elected judge of the Superior Court of California. Dur-ing his time as a Superior Court judge he has handled a variety of assignments, including criminal trials and arraignments. Throughout his life, Keith has actively served his community outside of the court-room. He has worked on the Board of Man-agers for the Fremont-Newark YMCA, the Board of Directors for the National Japanese American Historical Society, and as a member of the California State Bar Committee on Eth-nic Minority Relations. Keith Fudenna has served Alameda County and our country selflessly for more than 40 years. We congratulate Keith on a long and successful career, and we wish him health and happiness in retirement. 
f 
HONORING BYRON JAMES ARNOLD 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Byron James Ar-nold. Byron is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizen-ship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 214, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Byron has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Byron has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Byron has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Byron rebuilt and replaced an entrance sign to Our Lady of Mercy Country Home in Liberty, Missouri, that had been damaged in a car accident. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Byron James Arnold for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica, and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes Monday, October 2, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on roll call votes 544 and 545. HONORING ARMY VETERAN CHARLES DIETRICH ON HIS 90TH BIRTHDAY HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor decorated Army veteran Charles LeRoy Dietrich of Pekin, Illinois, on the occasion of his 90th birthday. Mr. Dietrich was inducted into the U.S. Army on February 15, 1946 at Ft. Sheridan in Chi-cago, Illinois at the age of 18. After attending basic training at Fort Eustis, Virginia, he was assigned to Fort Warren in Cheyenne, Wyo-ming for specialized training as a railroad brakeman. Mr. Dietrich was honorably dis-charged in August 1946, then reenlisted and was promoted to the rank of Private First Class. After receiving security clearance, Mr. Dietrich was assigned to the military police and security details at Los Alamos, New Mex-ico. While there, he was promoted to the rank of T4 Sergeant and was presented with a World War II Victory Medal for his service. Mr. Dietrich was honorably discharged in Sep-tember 1947. The dedicated military service of veterans such as Charles Dietrich makes me especially proud to serve Illinois’ 17th Congressional Dis-trict. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again honor Army veteran Charles Dietrich for his extraor-dinary military service during World War II and wish him a very happy 90th birthday. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. FLINT 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Mr. Mitchell Flint— a beloved husband, father, and former U.S. Navy fighter pilot—who passed away on Sep-tember 16, 2017, at the age of 94. Mitchell Flint was born on June 27, 1923, in Kansas City, Missouri, and attended Westport High School, where he took part in the school’s Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps, graduating with honors. His father, Harry, was also a decorated U.S. fighter dur-ing World War I and introduced Mitchell to his lifelong love of flying. Mitchell enlisted in the U.S. Navy at the age of 18 to serve as a fighter pilot in the U.S. Navy’s World War II effort. He served on the aircraft carrier USS Wasp under the command of Admiral John S. McCain Sr. and earned three Air Medals and eight Navy Unit Com-mendations. After six years of service in the U.S. Navy, he continued flying for sixteen years in the United States Navy Reserve, ulti-mately achieving the rank of Commander. Inspired by his Jewish heritage and the plight of Europe’s Holocaust survivors, Mitchell then volunteered as an American fighter pilot in Israel’s first aviation unit that fought in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. He was one of the founding members of the Israeli Air Force’s first fighter squadron and helped train Israel’s first military pilots. In 1949, he flew in Israel’s First Independence Day Parade and for the first time Israel’s entire fighter squadron of 12 fighter planes got in the sky at the same time, led by future Israeli President Ezer Witzman. Mitchell pulled up the rear and was the last plane from his squadron to fly over that day. Prophetically, Mitchell was the last living pilot of that group of flyers. After his military service, Mitchell moved to Los Angeles, attended law school at UCLA, and became an attorney while continuing to fly. He practiced law for nearly 60 years and was the President of the Hollywood Bar Asso-ciation. At the age of 90, Mitchell was honored by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during ceremonies recognizing the 65th anni-versary of the birth of Israel. Mitchell is survived by his wife of 59 years, Joyce, and sons, Michael and Guy, whom I hope take comfort in the way Mitchell lived his life as a patriotic, selfless and caring Veteran who served his nation and its ally, Israel. May his memory be a blessing to us all. f 
HONORING THE VETERANS CON-SORTIUM PRO BONO PROGRAM 25TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Veterans Consor-tium Pro Bono Program as they celebrate 25 years of service to our veterans community. Since 1992, the Veterans Consortium has provided over $100 million in pro bono serv-ices working on five thousand individual cases. As our veterans return home from military service, it is critical they receive the benefits and care they deserve and need. The tireless efforts of the Veterans Consortium rep-resenting veterans at the U.S. Court of Ap-peals for Veterans Claims is an essential as-pect of our promise to support service mem-bers as they transition to civilian life. As the Ranking Member of the House Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appro-priations Subcommittee, I commend the mem-ber attorneys of the Veterans Consortium Pro Bono Program for their generosity and unwav-ering commitment. 
f 
HONORING RYAN D ECAMP 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Ryan DeCamp. Ryan is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 374, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Ryan has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Ryan has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Ryan is the 350th Eagle Scout in his troop’s history. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03OC8.003 E03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1311 October 3, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Ryan DeCamp for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America, and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARGARET BARGER ON HER 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish a Happy 100th Birthday to Margaret Barger of New Richmond, OH. Throughout her 100 years of life, Margaret has been an incredible member of our com-munity here in Ohio’s Second District. It’s peo-ple like her who set the example of how life should be lived to its fullest. A retired school teacher, Margaret has spent her life dedicated to the life and im-provement of her community and those around her. Her public service and spirit is an example to others is admired. Margaret has made New Richmond a better place throughout her lifetime, through her kindness and dedication to all. Happy Birthday Margaret. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DETECTIVE PAUL GRUDZINSKI 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Detective Paul Grudzinski, 76th Precinct Community Affairs Officer who is re-tiring after 30 years of service to the people of New York City. A model of successful police and community relations, Detective Grudzinski has always put the needs and safety of New Yorkers above all else. A fixture in the Cobble Hill, Carroll Gardens, Red Hook and Gowanus commu-nities, he is known and valued by many. First appointed to the New York City Transit Police Department on April 28, 1987, Detec-tive Grudzinski joined the NYPD shortly after in 1989. Throughout his career, Detective Grudzinski has reached many milestones. Since 2001, he has served as the Precinct Community Affairs Officer, and was promoted to Detective Specialist in 2007 and Detective 2nd Grade in 2016. It was always the mission of Detective Grudzinski to get to know the neighborhoods and residents that he served. An expert local problem solver, he has always been aware of the often too common gap between police and residents, and he has worked tirelessly to close it. I send my best wishes to Detective Grudzinski and his family, as he’s recognized at his last 76th Precinct Community Council meeting on October 4, 2017. A life of dedica-tion and honor, I wish Detective Grudzinski a happy retirement and thank him for his serv-ice. HONORING THE SERVICE OF MATTHEW PARKER HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Matthew Parker of Rock Island, Illinois, who devoted his life to serving his country and community, and who sadly passed away in August of last year. Matthew served in the Navy during World War II. After his service in the Navy, he worked at IH Farmall in Rock Island for 39 years and also operated his own business, Parker Janitorial Services, with his wife, Kath-erine, for 33 years. He served as a trustee for Rock Island Township for more than 35 years. He was also a member of the Rock Island County NAACP and the Martin Luther King Center Active Club, among several other orga-nizations. Matthew was civically engaged as a precinct committeeman for 23 years, and was a longtime community activist. During his life, Matthew was honored nu-merous times for his dedication to service. In 2005, Matthew Parker was awarded the John Williams Community Award for his contribu-tions in making the region a better place to live. In 2008 he received the Excellence in Public Service Award from Township Officials of Illinois for his work in the Rock Island Township. Most recently, in September 2017 the Matthew Parker Gardens were dedicated at Rock Island Township’s 2nd Annual Town-ship Days to honor Matthew for his decades of service as a trustee. It is because of dedicated and selfless lead-ers such as Matthew Parker that I am espe-cially proud to serve Illinois’ 17th Congres-sional District. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally recognize the late Matthew Parker on his extraordinary work and service in our community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL GARY L. SAYLER, USAF (RET.), ADJUTANT GENERAL—IDAHO 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Major General Gary L. Sayler, an ex-traordinary leader with 45 years of selfless service, appreciative leadership, constructive mentorship, and exceptional meritorious serv-ice. Born and raised in North Dakota, Major General Sayler entered the ROTC program at North Dakota State University, graduating in 1971 with a Bachelor of Science degree in history and a commission as a second lieuten-ant in the United States Air Force. He entered undergraduate navigator training at Mather Air Force Base, California, in June 1971. As a second lieutenant, he received F– 4 weapons system formal training at George Air Force Base, California, graduating in De-cember 1972. He immediately deployed to Vietnam as a squadron weapons systems offi-cer at Udom Royal Thai Air Force Base, Thai-land. In November 1973, he was assigned as a squadron weapons systems officer at Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico. While assigned at Holloman, he met his future wife, Shari, who was also serving at Holloman as a Nurse. Major General Sayler joined the Idaho Air National Guard in 1977 where he has served in numerous positions of increasing responsi-bility and command until he was designated the Fighter Wing Commander. Upon pro-motion to Brigadier General in 2004, he was assigned as the Assistant Adjutant General and Commander of the Idaho Air National Guard. In January 2010, Governor Otter ap-pointed him to serve as the Adjutant General and Commanding General of the Idaho Na-tional Guard. Major General Sayler’s service to Idaho as the Adjutant General has been extraordinary. The forceful guidance, as well as-outstanding and dedicated efforts of General Sayler are significantly displayed by the strategic direc-tion of all National Guard forces and emer-gency managers in the State of Idaho. He led the organization through weapons platform changes, unit conversions, and disaster assist-ance, always posturing the Idaho Military Divi-sion for continued viable, relevant future mis-sions that fit both our nation and Idaho’s needs. Under his leadership, the Idaho National Guard has provided outstanding support dur-ing recent state activations in support of wildland firefighting and statewide flood oper-ations. He provided the same remarkable sup-port when the Idaho troops deployed in sup-port of Operations ENDURING FREEDOM, NEW DAWN, and Combined Joint Task Force—Horn of Africa. Additionally, his leader-ship during the 116th National Training Center (NTC) rotation facilitated superior operational results. He was the driving force behind for-mulating and implementing National Guard Youth ChalleNGe and STARBASE programs for the State of Idaho. He worked tirelessly promoting programs for Idaho youth providing alternative paths to success. Furthermore, the overall readiness of the 124th Fighter Wing gave credence to the outstanding mission re-sults and professionalism they showed in their recent Southwest Asia deployment. General Sayler has placed command em-phasis on preparing and taking care of de-ployed Idaho Guard members. His unparal-leled support of Family Support, Yellow Rib-bon, and Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve programs has greatly benefitted the individuals who have recently returned from deployment and the families who welcomed them home. General Sayler authored the first joint con-sultation agreement with the sovereign tribes of Idaho, recognized at the national level by both the Army and Air National Guard as the baseline for Government-to-Government Tribal Consultation. General Sayler is an outstanding and highly respected officer recognized nationally for his many contributions to mission accomplishment during 45 years of dedicated service to our nation, the United States Air Force, and the great State of Idaho. It is a great honor to congratulate General Sayler on his remarkable career of achieve-ment that will leave a lasting legacy to the State of Idaho. General Sayler represents the best of the many talented people in the Idaho National Guard whose knowledge and skill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03OC8.004 E03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1312 October 3, 2017 
have been essential to keeping our nation and the State of Idaho strong and secure. I thank General Sayler for his service to our nation, and congratulate him on his many accomplish-ments and retirement. 
f 
HONORING BROCK ROHLFS 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Brock Rohlfs. Brock is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1376, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Brock has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Brock has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Brock has led his troop as the Assistant Senior Pa-trol Leader, earned the rank of Tom-Tom Beater in the Tribe of Mic-O-Say, and become a Brotherhood Member of the Order of the Arrow. Brock has also contributed to his com-munity through his Eagle Scout project. Brock designed and completed a concrete sidewalk and a ramp from the Life Unlimited Facility to the Immacolata Manor’s north room gathering space in Liberty, Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Brock Rohlfs for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America, and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JOHN WHITEHURST 
HON. JOAQUIN CASTRO 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a constituent of mine, John Whitehurst, who is on a trip to Japan this week in honor of his father, U.S. Army Major Collin Whitehurst, Jr., who died as a prisoner of war (POW) during World War II. John Whitehurst is in Japan as a guest of the Japa-nese government, along with a delegation of former POWs and their families. Major Whitehurst was born in Richmond, Virginia in 1914 and grew up in Cincinnati, Ohio. In 1934, he received an appointment to the United States Military Academy (USMA) at West Point where he was a pistol marksman and a member of the Chapel Choir and Glee Club. After graduation, Major Whitehurst was assigned to Fort Thomas, Kentucky, with Headquarters Company, 10th Infantry Regi-ment. It was there, in December 1939, that he married Rose Eva Knuebel, an officer’s daughter. In June 1940, Major Whitehurst sailed to the Philippines, where he was first stationed near Manila, then on the island province of Bohol, and later on the island of Leyte. After the United States entered the war in December, 1941, Major Whitehurst was assigned to the staff of the Commanding General of the Visayan-Mindanao Force, Major General Wil-liam F. Sharp on Mindanao. On May 10, 1942, under the threat of a massacre of all the POWs on the Philippine island of Corregidor, General Sharp reluctantly surrendered his forces on Mindanao. After being held at Camp Casisang, Major Whitehurst and the other POWs on Mindanao were moved to the Davao Penal Colony No. 502. During his 21 months of imprisonment at Davao, Major Whitehurst and the acting Epis-copalian chaplain sought to lift the spirits of the camp, organizing and training a choir for religious services. Following a brief period of agricultural labor at a Cabanatuan, Philippines work site, Major Whitehurst and nearly 1,800 other prisoners were loaded onto the Japanese Arisan Maru, known as a ‘‘hell ship.’’ While in transit to Japan, the convoy was attacked by American submarines and the Arisan Maru was torpedoed and sunk. Only nine of the POWs survived—Major Whitehurst was among those who tragically died. In a letter to Major Whitehurst’s parents fol-lowing his death, General Sharp wrote: ‘‘Your son was a fine, loyal officer who did excellent work while serving with my Command. He was always cheerful and willing; he made a lasting impression on all with whom he came into contact. Collin’s spirit never wavered during the long months of his imprisonment. We few still living who knew him cherish his memory.’’ On October 25, 2004, 60 years and a day after Major Whitehurst’s death, the Whitehurst family dedicated a memorial marker in Fort Sam Houston National Cemetery commemo-rating his life and service. John Whitehurst, Major Whitehurst’s only son, has helped keep his father’s memory and patriotism alive. John, who was born in Ma-nila, has lived most of his life in Texas. A pas-sionate social worker, John has also taken time to attend American Defenders of Bataan and Corregidor Memorial Society conventions since 2002, and serves on the organization’s Board of Directors. Twice, he has returned to the Philippines, including a visit for the dedica-tion of the Hell Ship Memorial at Subic Bay. I wish Mr. Whitehurst a fulfilling trip to Japan this week, and I offer him and his entire family my gratitude for his father’s service and tre-mendous sacrifice for the United States. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF MODEL CITIES 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the 50th Anniversary of Model Cities, a provider of essential community services for low-income residents in Saint Paul, Minnesota. Born to meet a growing need for high-quality health care for low-income residents in the capital city’s historic, predominantly African American Rondo neighborhood, Model Cities has grown and evolved over the past five dec-ades into a dynamic development organization focused on fully integrating human services while working to improve economic conditions for all. Model Cities has led the way adapting as necessary to address changing community challenges. From its beginning in the base-ment of St. James AME Church, the organiza-tion broke through barriers to improve the lives of people coming through its doors. Early leaders like Mary Stokes, an African American nurse, who served as the center’s first coordi-nator of volunteer medical and dental services, helped set the standard of care and outreach to the community. Mrs. Timothy O. Vann, an-other trailblazing African American woman and a graduate of the University of Minnesota, be-came the first project director in 1971. Upon her retirement, Dr. Beverley Oliver Hawkins became the new Executive Director in 1984 and continues to lead Model Cities. Today, Model Cities looks a little different than it did at the beginning. As part of its evo-lution to meet the needs of the community, the health center became a separate organization and in 2003, changed its name to Open Cities Health Center. Model Cities continues to de-liver a broad range of critical community serv-ices that strengthen our community: culturally competent family support services, youth pro-gram services, homebuyer education and community-based development. One of the community development efforts that is cur-rently taking shape, Business Revitalization and Ownership for a Working Neighborhood (BROWNstone), aims to revitalize an area in Saint Paul’s Frogtown neighborhood along University Avenue and Metro Green Line Light Rail Transit, while also adding 35 units of af-fordable rental housing, as well as retail, of-fice, and community space. For 50 years, Model Cities has been a vital partner in our community, lifting up families and individuals in need to access opportunities to improve their lives. As Model Cities com-memorates this 50th anniversary year, please join me in recognizing the selfless contribu-tions of the staff and volunteers who have de-livered these vital services for our community. f 
WILLIAM HANNAH RETIRES FROM LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS AND TRAINMEN UNION 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the exceptional career of General Chairman William Hannah of the Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen Union, a Division of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, who retired on October1, 2017. Bill Hannah gave his heart and time to the Labor movement working on better working conditions for the membership for over 35 years and 46 years in the industry. He began with Southern Pacific Railroad in May of 1971, was promoted to Engineer in 1978, and was a member of Division 5 from 1979 to 1981. Bill became a charter member of Division 56 in 1981, and is still a proud member in good standing. For over 35 years he was a union leader for the Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen Union as a Local Chairman of Divi-sion 56 from 1982 to 2001 and a General Chairman from 2001 to Oct. 1, 2017, covering 18 divisions and covering over 2000 members. For over 16 years, he was involved in On- property Negotiations, as well as arbitration in-volving discipline, claims, rules and wages on the Union Pacific and Pacific Harbor Lines. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03OC8.011 E03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1313 October 3, 2017 
On Behalf of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I would like to congratulate and thank Bill Hannah for his 35 years of service to his committee. Bill is a true professional in every sense of the word, and I wish him the best of luck as he embarks on a new chapter in his life. 
f 
HONORING THE 110TH ANNIVER-SARY OF VALLEY GRANGE NO. 1360 IN YORK COUNTY, PENNSYL-VANIA 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I offer my sincere congratulations to the members of Val-ley Grange No. 1360 on its 110th Anniversary. Valley Grange No. 1360 was officially char-tered on October 7, 1907. The Grange is a nonprofit, nonpartisan, fraternal organization that advocates for rural America and agri-culture. Family and community are its founda-tions and the Grange was the first national or-ganization to give full voice and vote to women. Valley Grange No. 1360 has been a leader in the Grange organization, producing two Pennsylvania State Grange Masters—J. Lu-ther Snyder and Carl Meiss; two National Grange officers—J. Luther Snyder and Fae Snyder—and it is the home of several past State Grange officers and youth ambassadors. Valley Grange No. 1360 has also been very committed to its community throughout the years, supporting organizations such as 4–H, the Boy Scouts, the local Little League and has contributed to countless charitable en-deavors. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I thank the members of Valley Grange No. 1360 for their dedicated service to their community and congratulate them on their 110th Anniversary. We wish them continued great success in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING STANLEY, THE ENGLISH BULLDOG 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Stanley, an English Bulldog in my district, who has be-come an inspiration to many of my constitu-ents and continues to serve his community. Stanley was born with a bilateral cleft lip, re-quiring the need for surgery to tooth problems and holes in his sinus passages. The commu-nity came together and raised the funds for the surgery. Now, Stanley goes to schools and community events and has become a source of inspiration for kids with his anti-bullying message. Stanley has also recently joined with the American Childhood Cancer Organi-zation to form the first local chapter of the Founding Hope program, helping to raise funds and awareness to help children with cancer get the support they need. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Stanley and the Pack family for their continuing service to their community, and for serving as an inspiration for children who face bullying and cancer diagnoses. f 
IN HONOR OF COMMISSIONER LUKE POPE STRONG, JR. 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I pay tribute to an outstanding civic leader and public servant of Georgia, a pillar in the Colquitt County community, and a friend of longstanding, Commissioner Luke P. Strong, Jr. Commissioner Strong passed away on Sunday, September 24, 2017. A funeral serv-ice was held on Friday, September 29, 2017 at 3:00 p.m. at Lakeside Assembly of God in Moultrie, Georgia. Commissioner Strong was born on April 4, 1947, to the union of Luke Strong, Sr. and Mamie Brown-Strong. He was a product of the Colquitt County School System and graduated from the historic William Bryant High School in 1964. After graduation, he received a greater calling upon his life when he enlisted in the United States Army. He served proudly and honorably for five years. But, this was not the only calling that he would receive in his life-time. He attended Gupton-Janes School of Mortuary Science in Atlanta, Georgia. He also was a graduate of the ABAC Police Academy and served as a police officer for one year at the McRae Police Department and four years as a deputy with the Montgomery County Sheriffs Department. He then served, along-side his father, as the Vice-President of Strong Enterprises. In 1986, he was elected as the first and only African American Colquitt County Commis-sioner, which launched a historic career in public service that would lead him to become the longest seated elected official in Colquitt County. In 1995, he founded Luke Strong and Son Mortuary, L.T.D, which has grown to be one of the leading funeral establishments in South Georgia. Shirley Chisholm once said that, ‘‘Service is the rent that we pay for the space that we oc-cupy here on this earth.’’ Commissioner Strong paid his rent and he paid it well. He gave his time and talents to many social and civic organizations to include: the Moultrie Colquitt Branch of the NAACP, The Georgia Association of County Commissioners, Geor-gia Association of Black Elected Officials (GABEO), The National Association of County Commissioners, The Moultrie Men’s Club, American Legion Post 533, and Moultrie Tech-nical College Board of Directors. In 2016, he was the recipient of the Ram Round-Up and Community Service Award. Commissioner Strong was also a God fearing man. He was a member of the Grant Chapel A.M.E. Church where he was a member of the Board of Stewards, Board of Trustees and the Sons of Allen. The great agricultural chemist George Washington Carver once said that, ‘‘How far you go in life depends on your being tender with young, compassionate with aged, sympa-thetic with striving and tolerant of the weak and the strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these people.’’ Com-missioner Strong never forgot this lesson and was a man who would give you the shirt off of his back. He never advertised what he did for others, but was the true epitome of ‘‘Serv-ant Leadership.’’ On a personal note, Commissioner Strong and his family have been dear friends to my wife Vivian and me for many years and I will miss the wise counsel that he imparted to me over the years. Commissioner Strong has accomplished much in his life but none of this would have been possible without the love and support of his family. His legacy lives on through his wife, Betty, his six children, four grandchildren and all of those that he touched in a very special way. Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along with a multitude of other people all across Georgia, salute Commissioner Luke Pope Strong, Jr. for his outstanding public service and his everlasting commitment to improving the quality of the Colquitt County community. I ask my colleagues in the House of Rep-resentatives to join us in extending our deep-est condolences to Commissioner Strong’s family during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, on October 2, 2017, I missed the following votes due to a flight delay. Had I been present, I would have voted: On Roll Call Vote 544, on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and pass H.R. 1547, I would have voted Aye. On Roll Call Vote 545, on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and pass H.R. 965, I would have voted Aye. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REX BROWN 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember Rex Brown, a friend and beloved member of the Decatur community, who passed away earlier this month. After finishing law school in 1957, Rex moved his family to Decatur where he built his career as the Senior Partner at his firm Brown, Hawkins, & Basola. He was a recipient of the Board of Governor’s Award from the Illinois State Bar Association and enjoyed teaching Business and Real Estate Law at Richland Community College. Not only was Rex well-respected as a law-yer in Decatur, but also as a prominent com-munity member with a passion for serving his neighbors. He served as Chairman of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03OC8.014 E03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1314 October 3, 2017 
Macon County Board from 1971 to 72. As Chairman, he commissioned and created the Macon County flag and seal and instituted their display in the county’s courtrooms. He was a part of over twenty community organi-zations and committees, including the Lincoln Trails Council for Boy Scouts, Optimist Club, Elks Club, the Metro Decatur Chamber of Commerce, and the YMCA. I am thankful for the many contributions Rex made to the Central Illinois community during his lifetime. He has made an impact on many people and will be truly missed. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife, Marilyn, and their family during this time. 
f 
THE HEARTS OF TEXAS ARE UPON US 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my neighbors in South Texas who con-tinue to experience the devastation of Hurri-cane Harvey. Our hearts and prayers go out to all of those families for their lost loved ones and those who have been displaced by the storm. We stand with Texas this day and every day. I include in the R
ECORD this poem penned in their honor by Albert Carey Caswell. 
The Hearts of Texas are upon us All here to so remind us All in our hearts to so find us All in what we do in our time this As their faith and hope, and compassion come into view Reminding us what is true All in this land of that old Red, White, and. Blue For in this our country tis a thee There has and will always be Such men and women of great faith as these Who bond together all in their darkest times of need Who built The West all in this creed While, against all odds helping this Nation to succeed And that’s what Texas has always been agreed So means to me Neighbor helping neighbor continually Who are color blind and can not see Brothers and Sisters reaching out a hand in their time of need With smiles upon the faces in what their love begins to breed Built on the bedrock of God, Country, and cherished Family Shining throughout this day across our country tis of thee Teaching us what we need Catching on from sea to sea Like The Cajun Navy who they helped in the midst of their tragedy Showing us that giving is better than taking As this giant heart we call Texas has so awakened With another heroic chapter written in their history Whether, remembering The Alamo, in times of war Texas has always battled for victory And that’s why everything is bigger in Texas you see As Hearts of Texas are upon you and me So clearly on this day for the world to see Teach your children about them and what a real American can be All in their most patriotic hearts which bleed Red, White, and Blue For what is true In Texas today you’re watching some of America’s real Who’s Who As TEXAS STRONG comes into view Yea, The Hearts of Texas are upon us To teach us all and to so remind us About faith and courage, and how not to be discouraged and make it through All in this wonderful nexus that we call Texas True Of God, Family, and Coun-try in all they do And yes there will be many dark days ahead For all those who have died and bled With homes and lives ripped apart let it be said But in America, Texas Faith and their pioneer spirit has al-ways led With their hearts to get through the storms Take a knee now and say a prayer for them all so very warm And remember all the courage and faith and humanity which will live on And what the human spirit can accomplish in hearts so worn All in their most heroic Texan hue All in their lessons they have taught to me and you Bringing our Nation together, all in this beautiful song of Texas Strong they do Because, on this day we understand what is True, as The Hearts of Texas are upon us for all to view. f 
HONORING ERNEST FREDERICK SCHOWENGERDT 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Ernest Frederick Schowengerdt. Mr. Schowengerdt, a World War II veteran, is celebrating his 95th birthday on September 2, 2017. In 1944, Mr. Schowengerdt joined the Navy to become a pilot and serve his country during World War II. After his discharge in 1945 he continued his passion for flying and got his pi-lot’s and aircraft mechanic’s licenses at the Lambert Field Airport in St. Louis. He also continued helping at his family farm in Cham-ois, Missouri, until the Missouri River’s flood-ing took its toll in 1958. Mr. Schowengerdt continued his career as a plant engineer for the Central Electric Power Plant and later as the Director of Plant Management for Lake Ozark General Hospital where he worked with the Missouri Hospital Association and Nuclear Energy Commission in disposing of hazardous and radioactive wastes. Mr. Schowengerdt has had many life-long interests and passions. He has been involved in music for 76 years, playing numerous band instruments. Mr. Schowengerdt was also a passionate civil servant as he served 2 terms in the Chamois city council and four years as the Osage County Republican Committeeman. He helped organize the Rural Fire Department of Chamois, was the American Legion presi-dent, and was involved in many more boards and organizations. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in wishing Mr. Ernie Schowengerdt a happy 95th birthday, and thanking him for his lifetime of dedication to his family, community, and his country. f 
CELEBRATING TAIWAN’S NATIONAL DAY 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish the people of Taiwan and Americans celebrating Taiwan’s National Day this Octo-ber 10th a Happy Double Ten Day. Over the past 40 years, this key partner in the Asia-Pacific has transformed itself into a high-tech, multiparty democracy which is a significant contributor to the global economy. This is chiefly due to the hard work of the 23.5 million people on Taiwan who value education, science, and progress, and whose young peo-ple are not only plugged into global cultural trends, but are also contributing to them. Tai-wanese are also the third largest tourist group to Guam and a cornerstone of our island’s economy. Americans share these values, which is why we have also contributed to Taiwan’s success not only through our support and friendship, but through the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances, cornerstones of our relations with Taiwan. Our security relationship is an in-tegral element of United States engagement in the Indo-Asia-Pacific and we must continue to work cooperatively together. The people of Guam, neighbors to Taiwan, understand and appreciate the need for strengthening alli-ances and partnerships in the region. Two recent events have served to remind me of the imagination and drive of our two peoples—the end of our spectacular Cassini mission to Saturn, and the successful launch this summer of Taiwan’s Formosat-5—the lat-ter being the first Taiwan’s first major indige-nously-developed remote sensing satellite, which will be engaged in Earth observation for the next five years. We are expanding our knowledge of our small planet, our solar sys-tem, and the universe at large. Whatever the challenges this planet is presented with in fu-ture years, I am confident that our two, tal-ented peoples, along with likeminded societies across the globe, will be able to meet them. This is a day to celebrate, and to be opti-mistic. I ask my colleagues to join me in re-committing ourselves to the U.S.-Taiwan rela-tionship, and in wishing Taiwan a Happy Dou-ble Ten Day. 
f 
PAM O’TOOLE TRUSDALE 
HON. LYNN JENKINS 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize my constituent and friend Pam O’Toole Trusdale, on the occasion of her re-tirement as Executive Director of the National Association of Trailer Manufacturers (NATM). Pam is a longtime resident of my district and lifelong Kansan, attending Parsons Senior High and Washburn University. She joined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03OC8.018 E03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1315 October 3, 2017 
NATM in 1998 and served as its Executive Di-rector for nearly twenty years. Her leadership has enabled NATM to grow significantly from a small group of horse and livestock trailer manufacturers into a strong voice for trailer safety. During Pam’s tenure, NATM’s membership has added more than 700 trailer manufactur-ers and component suppliers which collec-tively employ more than 419,000 American workers. NATM’s staff has similarly grown over the years and the Association moved in 2013, to accommodate their growth in staff, to a new headquarters in Topeka, Kansas. Rec-ognizing the importance of engaging in the legislative and regulatory process, Pam led the development of NATM’s advocacy in Washington, D.C., which brings trailer manu-facturers to visit Congress and federal agen-cies each year. In working closely with the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administration, she has helped facilitate education and com-munication about emerging issues. Pam has also worked to develop relationships with other industry groups and has helped create a strong coalition of advocates in the name of NATM’s mission of improving trailer safety. Among Pam’s many accomplishments was the development of NATM’s Compliance Verification Program, which brings NATM con-sultants to all trailer manufacturer member fa-cilities biennially to ensure they have proc-esses in place to build trailers in accordance with federal safety standards and industry best practices. Under Pam’s leadership, NATM members voted unanimously to make this im-portant program a requirement for member-ship in the Association. Beyond this program, Pam has overseen the development of addi-tional technical resources and educational pro-gramming to help member companies con-tinue to have the tools to comply with regula-tions as well as grow their own businesses. In addition to her work at NATM, Pam is an active participant in the Topeka community. She has served on the Board of Regents at Washburn University, has been a leader with the Kansas Society of Association Executives and a member of the Stormont-Vail Founda-tion Advisory Board. Pam is the proud mother of three and grandmother of eight. I want to thank Pam for her tireless commitment to trail-er safety, and years of service to NATM and the Topeka community. I wish her and Tom many happy years of retirement. 
f 
IRAQ AND SYRIA GENOCIDE EMER-GENCY RELIEF AND ACCOUNT-ABILITY 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, today I held a hearing on the need for aid to be provided for victims of religious and ethnic persecution in Iraq and Syria. In August 2014, ISIS began committing genocide against Yazidis and Christians in Iraq. Three years later, they are still not receiving the assistance they need from the United States and so their survival in their ancient homelands is in jeop-ardy. Two consecutive Secretaries of State and the Congress declared ISIS was responsible for genocide. This year, the President and Vice President declared the genocide and committed the Administration to provide relief to the surviving religious and ethnic minority communities. In the final appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2017, Congress required the State Department and U.S. Agency for International Development to fund the assistance promised by the Administration. But career staff at the State Department and USAID have ignored the law and thwarted the will of the President, the Congress and the people we represent. These bureaucrats have refused to direct assistance to religious and ethnic minority communities, even to enable them to survive genocide. This obstruction is unacceptable and I urge Secretary Tillerson and new USAID Administrator Green to put an end to it. I chaired my first hearing on atrocities against religious and ethnic minorities in Iraq or Syria in September of 2013. The hearing today was the 10th I have chaired focused in whole or in part on their plight. Last Sep-tember I introduced bipartisan legislation, co-authored by my good friend ANNA ESHOO , ex- plicitly authorizing the State Department and USAID to identify the needs of these commu-nities and fund entities, including faith-based entities, effectively providing them with aid on- the-ground. Even though the U.S. already has the authority to provide such assistance, we were aware some in the bureaucracy inac-curately claimed they lacked the authority and so we wanted to remove this excuse. It was also important to have a detailed authorization as the foundation for forth-going appropria-tions. This bill would also set an important precedent for how the U.S. should respond to future crises in which religious and ethnic mi-norities are targeted for atrocity crimes. Partially informed by my trip to Erbil last De-cember to meet first-hand with genocide sur-vivors, we reintroduced this legislation as H.R. 390 almost immediately after the start of the new Congress, with even stronger support from both sides of the aisle and many Yazidi, Christian, accountability and human rights groups and leaders. The House passed it unanimously in early June and the Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed it unani-mously on September 19. There has been no subsequent action in the Senate. The appro-priations bill for fiscal year 2017 has expired and the situation on-the-ground is deteriorating for these endangered communities. I respect-fully ask the Senate to immediately pass H.R. 390. This hearing explored the urgent crisis for Christian and Yazidi genocide survivors, espe-cially in Iraq, what the Administration can do now to enable them to survive, and what the consequences will be for these communities and our national security if we fail to act. We heard from several of our witnesses, helping these communities survive and return to their homes will reduce threats from Iran. It will also deny ISIS a major propaganda victory and re-cruiting tool. I should note the State Department and USAID were invited to testify. They were un-available. Our first witness was known to many of you, my dear friend for many years, the former Representative for the 10th district of Virginia, Frank Wolf. He is testified today as the Distin-guished Senior Fellow at 21st Century Wilber-force Initiative and he visited Northern Iraq this August. In his written statement, Congressman Wolf warns ‘‘if bold action is not taken by the end of the year, I believe a tipping point will be reached and we will see the end of Christi-anity in Iraq.’’ About the Yazidis, he reports al-though ‘‘Sinjar has been liberated from ISIS since the fall of 2015 . . . it is currently con-trolled by multiple different militia groups . . . few families have been able to return and few aid groups work in the area.’’ Congressman Wolf also raised the alarm about Iraq-backed militias filling the post-ISIS liberation vacuum as part of Tehran’s ‘‘goal of creating a land-bridge from Iran [to] allow Iran to move fighters, weapons and supplies to aid Hezbollah and other terrorist groups’’ and of-fered several concrete policy recommenda-tions the Administration and Congress should heed. Our second witness was Shireen, a Yazidi survivor of ISIS enslavement. She wrote in her statement for the record this ‘‘captivity under ISIS . . . was like hell. They performed an ab-dominal surgery on me . . . and I am suf-fering from the effects of it . . . They com-mitted all kinds of atrocious crimes against us including mass killing, sexual enslavement, and forced conversion.’’ Shireen also wrote ‘‘19 members of my fam-ily and my relatives are missing. They may be killed or still in captivity but we don’t know anything about them . . . We are still waiting for action and the liberation of thousands of Yazidis from ISIS captivity.’’ She warns that ‘‘Yazidis, Christians and other religious minori-ties, especially the non-Muslim minorities, can-not survive in Syria and Iraq under the current conditions. Without serious action from you and the world governments, many of these people will continue to flee their ancient home-lands of Syria and Iraq.’’ Our third witness was Lauren Ashburn, Managing Editor and Anchor of EWTN News Nightly. She travelled to Northern Iraq earlier this year and has continued to report on the crisis. Her story-telling and video, rooted in more than 20 years as a journalist, has helped tell the stories of heroism, indomitable faith, and survival. As she reported in her written testimony for the hearing ‘‘Christians in Iraq are on the brink of extinction . . . The United States is the only nation in the world that can provide concrete aid to rebuild the community that I saw in shambles.’’ Our fourth and final witness was Stephen Rasche, Legal Counsel and Director of IDP Resettlement Programs for the Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil, and Legal Counsel and Chief Coordinator for the Nineveh Reconstruction Committee. Mr. Rasche testified before a hearing I chaired of the Helsinki Committee last September, and he reported in his written testimony today, ‘‘I regret to say that we have still yet to receive any form of meaningful aid from the U.S. Gov-ernment . . . While we have found the polit-ical appointees much more willing to help us since January, the fact is that even after the better part of a year, they have been unable to move the bureaucracy to take meaningful action.’’ The Obama Administration channeled all U.S. funding for stabilization in Iraq through the Funding Facility for Stabilization, adminis-tered by the UN Development Program, and the current Administration has continued this policy. Mr. Rasche testified in his written state-ment ‘‘While status reports from UNDP work in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03OC8.009 E03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1316 October 3, 2017 
Nineveh purport to show real progress in the Christian majority towns, on the ground we see little evidence of it. Work projects are in most cases cosmetic in nature, and much of that cynically so . . . In effect, U.S. taxpayers are financing the spoils of genocide.’’ As an alternative option for U.S. assistance, he details the Nineveh Sustainable Return Program, an initiative of the ecumenical Nineveh Reconstruction Committee to repair homes damaged or destroyed by ISIS. The Program has already rebuilt several thousand homes and enabled thousands of Christian families to return, mostly funded by the Knights of Columbus and Aid to the Church in Need, with some additional funding from the Government of Hungary. Last month, the Nineveh Reconstruction Committee USA sub-mitted a proposal to USAID to ensure the project can be completed and many more families can return. I strongly support this time-sensitive pro-posal and call on USAID Administrator Mark Green to ensure a decision is made about it soon. Because of the resistance among career staff at USAID to directing assistance to reli-gious and ethnic minority communities, even though they were targeted for genocide, it is imperative officials appointed by the President are part of the review process and that the final decision be made by Presidential ap-pointees. I included this proposal as part of the hearing record. As Mr. Rasche warns in his written testi-mony, ‘‘Today, as I speak to you, we are caught fully exposed and at-risk, finding our-selves at a critical historical inflection point, foreign aid decisions over which will determine whether Christianity, and religious pluralism— vital to the U.S. national interest and regional security—will survive in Iraq at all.’’ 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MS. JUDITH TUCKER 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my personal congratulations and best wishes to an excep-tional community leader, an outstanding cit-izen, and a dear friend of longstanding, Ms. Judith Tucker, on the occasion of her retire-ment. A native of West Point, Georgia, Judith at-tended Spelman College before transferring to Columbus College, where she received her bachelor’s degree in General Business. Judith previously served as a marketing offi-cer for Columbus Bank and Trust Company and the Vice President of Product Develop-ment at Synovus Financial Corporation. After working for Synovus Financial Corporation, Ju-dith joined the board of Midtown Incorporated where Mayor Teresa Tomlinson served as the Executive Director. After developing a solid business relationship, Tomlinson hired Judith as MidTown’s Director of Community Affairs, and together they increased the organization’s membership from 24 to 100 members. When Tomlinson ran and won in the 2010 mayoral election for the City of Columbus, she ap-pointed Judith to be her Executive Assistant, and for more than 7 years, Judith has done a tremendous job in upholding the highest standards of professionalism, honesty, and af-fability. Ms. Tucker’s distinguished civil service has been mirrored by her extensive involvement in her community. In conjunction with her profes-sional accomplishments in government, Ms. Tucker served on a several boards, including the boards of NeighborWorks for Columbus arid the Columbus Symphony Orchestra. She also belonged to a number of prestigious or-ganizations, such as Girl Scouts of Historical Georgia, the Gracious Ladies of Georgia, and the Kiwanis Club of Columbus. Judith Tucker’s faith has always instilled within her a desire to positively shape the community in which she lives. As the Chair Pro-Tem of the Board of Trustees at St. James A.M.E., she regularly incorporates her faith into her commitment to public service. She has accomplished much throughout her life, but none of this would be possible without the grace of God and the inspiration, love and support of her son, Kenneth Tucker, and her grandson, Tristan Tucker. Dr. Benjamin E. Mays often said: ‘‘You make your living by what you get; you make your life by what you give.’’ The greater Co-lumbus area is a better place because of Ju-dith Tucker and her tireless commitment to making our community stronger. As a woman of great integrity, her efforts, her dedication, and her expertise are unparalleled, but her heart for helping others utilizing these qualities has made her life’s work truly special. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 700,000 citizens of the 2nd Congressional Dis-trict, in extending our sincerest appreciation and best wishes to Ms. Judith Tucker upon the occasion of her retirement from an out-standing career of public service. f 
CELEBRATING THE NATIONAL DAY OF TAIWAN 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to note the upcoming National Day of Taiwan, which falls on October 10th. I extend my best wishes to the people of Taiwan as they prepare for this important day, and also offer my best wishes for the day itself. As a Member of Congress, I am proud of the actions we have taken through the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA) and the Six Assurances in helping to make it possible for the people of Taiwan to build the strong, prosperous, and democratic society they enjoy today. Our bilat-eral relationship is as strong as ever, and I am confident it will continue to be in the years to come. Trade between the United States and Tai-wan exceeded $65 billion in 2016, a sign of close economic cooperation and friendship. Recently, Foxconn, a Taiwan-based company, made an announcement that they were ex-panding in to the United States through new facilities. I look forward to working towards closer trade ties and a renewed commitment for economic prosperity. I encourage my colleagues to join me in a message of continuing friendship to the people of Taiwan, and in wishing them a Happy Dou-ble Ten Day. f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF DR. STEPHEN A. RALLS 
HON. A. DREW FERGUSON IV 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. FERGUSON. Mr, Speaker, I rise today to honor the retirement of Dr. Stephen A. Ralls. Dr. Ralls has served as the Executive Direc-tor of the American College of Dentists for the past 20 years, one of the longest serving lead-ers in the organization’s 100-year history. The American College of Dentists was founded on August 20, 1920, in response to serious problems facing the profession. The group works to elevate the standards of den-tistry, encourage graduate study and grant fel-lowship to those who have done meritorious work. The American College of Dentists is nonprofit and apolitical, and has long been re-garded as the ‘‘conscience of dentistry.’’ As a dentist myself, I deeply appreciate the contributions of this organization, and, particu-larly Dr. Ralls, to the field of dentistry. Their work has elevated the field and calls on all dentists to excel. I want to extend my gratitude to Dr. Ralls for his commitment to the American College of Dentists and the greater community of den-tistry. I congratulate him on his retirement. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 250TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE TOWN OF LENOX 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate the Town of Lenox, Massachusetts on the occasion of its 250th anniversary. Over the course of its sto-ried history, Lenox has been home to people and events which have greatly contributed to the vibrancy of our country’s traditions and culture. Located in the heart of the Berkshire Mountains, the town is a wonderful represen-tation of Western Massachusetts and the beauty it holds. Lenox was named after Charles Lennox, the Third Duke of Richmond, who was known and respected for being an advocate of the inter-ests of American colonists in the British House of Lords. The town lived up to the legacy of its namesake as an active participant in the Revolutionary War. In less than a decade after its first town meeting in 1767, Lenox was rep-resented before the Royal Governor of Massa-chusetts by Colonel John Paterson, who would go on to play a central role in paving the way for the birth of the United States of America. Since then, Lenox has contributed gener-ously to the notable history and culture of not only Massachusetts, but also that of our na-tion. The region’s rustic beauty helped Lenox develop into a lively artists’ colony, attracting creative minds the likes of which included writ-er Nathaniel Hawthorne, photographer James 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03OC8.010 E03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1317 October 3, 2017 
Van Der Zee, and novelist Edith Wharton. The town has facilitated the preservation of The Mount, Ms. Wharton’s country estate, which is a National Historic Landmark and welcomes tens of thousands of visitors annually. Lenox is also renowned for its cultivation and encour-agement of the musical arts through the an-nual Tanglewood Music Festival, as well as the Tanglewood Estate which has served as the summer home for the Boston Symphony Orchestra since 1937. The town also boasts the new international campus of Shakespeare and Company, a popular theater group and world-famous center for creative excellence in the arts. Mr. Speaker, the Town of Lenox, Massachu-setts has been a place of historical importance and cultural renaissance since its founding in 1767. Additionally, its admirable promotion of the arts is certainly worthy of recognition. Lenox is a place of outstanding character and I am proud to represent them in the U.S. House of Representatives. As the town cele-brates their 250th anniversary with a town- wide parade, I wish them all the best and con-tinued prosperity. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF CIVIL RIGHTS ACTIVIST, MS. FANNIE LOU HAMER 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the civil rights icon and voting rights activist, Ms. Fannie Lou Hamer. Ms. Hamer is fondly remembered and admired for her activism during the Civil Rights Movement while speaking out against the injustices that African Americans faced in Mississippi and across the United States. Ms. Fannie Lou Hamer was born in Mont-gomery County, Mississippi, to a family of im-poverished share croppers. At just six years old, her family expected her to work in the fields, which she continued to do for most of her early life until she was fired for trying to register to vote. At 37 years old, Ms. Hamer launched her career in political activism, which soon be-came her chief mission in life. Ms. Hamer at-tended a meeting hosted by the Student Non-violent Coordinating Committee (SNCC) and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) where she first registered to vote and became a field worker on the voter registration committee. In 1964, she attended the Demo-cratic Convention in Atlanta and eventually helped found the Mississippi Freedom Demo-cratic Party. Ms. Hamer became one of the faces of the civil rights struggle in Mississippi. While the Voting Rights Act of 1965 codified what Ms. Hamer fought so hard for in our country, there still remains much to do. Before the 2016 election, 14 states adopted new voter laws under the guise of combating voter fraud, which essentially created new barriers to voting for tens of thousands of low-income citizens and citizens of color. Later, the Su-preme Court decision in Shelby v. Holder left many across the nation without their funda-mental right to vote by reversing a key formula used in the Voting Rights Act to hold states accountable. On May 11, 2017, President Trump issued an executive order that would create an ‘‘election integrity’’ commission, which has been stated to combat voter fraud, but in reality will lead to a repeat of the egre-gious mistakes of our past. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Hamer’s persistence and diligence in her fight for voting rights was inte-gral to the Civil Rights Movement and the eventual passage of legislation that protected the right to vote for all citizens. We must con-tinue to remember her struggle, as the strug-gle continues even to this day. By .honoring Ms. Hamer’s legacy, we can learn from the mistakes of our past and recognize those who had fought for a better future. f 
DISASTER TAX RELIEF AND AIR-PORT AND AIRWAY EXTENSION ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, September 28, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I fully sup-port a long-term extension of FAA authority, and I am very concerned that the expiration on September 30th will have serious con-sequences for our air safety and economy. Congress owes the American people a bill that will provide stability for our air traffic control-lers and keep our skies safe. So I am ex-tremely disappointed that the Republican lead-ership has decided to attach a number of con-troversial and partisan policy provisions that are not germane to air travel and for that rea-son, I cannot support the bill in its original form. For example, this legislation contains provi-sions that relate to hurricane disaster relief and the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP). Unfortunately, this bill does not extend reauthorization, increase borrowing authority, or address the overall stability of the NFIP. In-stead, Republicans have decided to use this legislation as a vehicle to develop the private flood insurance market. Furthermore, the pro-visions providing tax relief to hurricane victims are woefully inadequate in assisting our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Additionally, while this bill extends authority for a number of health care programs, Repub-licans have decided to disregard essential bi-partisan priorities like the Child Health Insur-ance Program (CHIP) and Community Health Centers. These programs require immediate reauthorization, and failure to do so will leave states like Minnesota without money to pro-vide healthcare for babies, children, and ex-pecting mothers. Community health centers across the country will lose the support they need to provide basic healthcare. Some will even be forced to close. The bill also fails to address the urgent need to reauthorize the Special Diabetes Program. While a short-term extension is included for the Special Diabetes Program for Indians, the funding is inad-equate. Mr. Speaker, these are all important issues, and deserve immediate Congressional action, but the only way to solve them is with bipar-tisan solutions. Half measures and political games will only waste more time, and Demo-crats stand ready to work with our Republican colleagues to address each of these issues in a more thoughtful way. The Republican leadership has had nine months to work out a bipartisan, long-term so-lution for FAA Reauthorization. Instead of working with Democrats to pass a customary multi-year reauthorization, the Republican leadership waited until the last minute to push forward only a six month patch. Republicans then wasted more time by including a number of unrelated and partisan provisions that had nothing to do with FAA Reauthorization. Their decision to include a provision that would have effectively dismantled the National Flood In-surance Program (NFIP) ensured that the pre-vious version of this bill would never pass the Senate. We owe the American public and our air traffic controllers better. Playing political games with something as important as airline safety is unacceptable. Failure to reauthorize FAA authority would leave our air traffic con-trollers and the travelling public at great risk. Not only would a lapse in reauthorization mean furloughs for tens of thousands of air traffic controllers, but it would also force vital airport improvement projects to come to a halt. The effects of this shutdown would have seri-ous implications on America’s economy and air safety. Now that the Senate has stripped out the most controversial provisions of this legisla-tion, I am able to support it. However, Con-gress must put aside partisan differences, work together, and produce a long-term exten-sion that our airline industry so desperately needs. 
f 
FANNIE LOU HAMER— NEVERTHELESS, SHE PERSISTED 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, October 3, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of an American hero, Fannie Lou Hamer. A leader in the Civil Rights Movement, Fannie Lou Hamer faced down racism, violence, prison, and more in her fight for the right to vote. This week marks what would be Hamer’s 100th birthday, giving us an opportunity to reflect on Fannie Lou’s legacy, her persistence in the face of adversity, and what her story means for our country today. For those of you who are not familiar with Hamer’s story, Fannie Lou was born in 1917 in Mississippi, the youngest of 20 children. Her family worked as sharecroppers in Mississippi, and at the age of six, Fannie Lou joined them picking cotton. It was in 1962, after nearly forty years of working in the fields that Fannie Lou Hamer tried to register to vote. For African Americans in Mississippi during the Jim Crowe era, reg-istering to vote was an act of extraordinary courage. This was a time when black men and women, mothers and daughters, and fathers and sons were beaten and lynched by white mobs with no legal repercussions. Fannie Lou knew these dangers, but never-theless, she persisted. In August of 1962, she traveled to Indianola, Mississippi to register to vote. When she returned home after reg-istering, she was fired by the owner of the plantation she worked on, who had warned her against registering. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03OC8.023 E03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1318 October 3, 2017 
But nevertheless, she persisted. Leaving the plantation, Fannie Lou traveled the South, working with the Civil Rights movement, teaching African Americans to read and help-ing them register to vote. One day, on her way back from a literacy workshop, Fannie Lou was arrested on false charges and jailed. In jail, police beat Fannie Lou to within an inch of her life with a blackjack. It took Fannie Lou more than a month to recover, and the beating would scar her both mentally and physically. But nevertheless, she persisted. Over the next decade, Fannie Lou Hamer took her fight for the right to vote to the national party. From humble beginnings, she challenged the Presi-dent of the United States, Members of Con-gress, the Democratic Party, and lawmakers at every level to confront the realities of rac-ism in the United States and to build a democ-racy inclusive of all Americans. Time and again, she faced violence and she faced institutions built on decades of racism. But nevertheless she persisted. Today, I stand, not only to honor the cour-age and accomplishment of Fannie Lou Hamer, but to offer her story as inspiration to the Americans today who are fighting to make our country a better place to live. As we work to turn back new discriminatory voting laws, as we speak out for a more affordable health care system for all Americans, as we take a stand on issues like police brutality, we must persist. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman T
HOMP -
SON for organizing Members today in honor of Fannie Lou Hamer. We can never allow her work or her legacy to be forgotten. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03OC8.011 E03OCPT1
D1039 Tuesday, October 3, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6267–S6292 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1906–1912, and S. Res. 279–280.
                                               Pages S6287–88 
Cissna Nomination: Senate continued consideration of the nomination of Lee Francis Cissna, of Mary-land, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Se-curity.
                                                                      Pages S6268–83 
Nominations—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that notwith-standing the provisions of Rule XXII, the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Eric D. Hargan, of Illinois, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services, occur at 11 a.m., on Wednesday, October 4, 2017, and that if cloture is invoked, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomina-tion at 3:15 p.m., with no intervening action or de-bate; provided further, that upon disposition of the nomination of Eric D. Hargan, of Illinois, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services, Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2004, and that if cloture is invoked, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomina-tion at 10 a.m., on Thursday, October 5, 2017; and that the time on Wednesday evening be for debate on the nominations of Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2004, and Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security, concurrently; provided further, that the vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination of Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security, occur upon disposition of the nomination of Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2004, and that if cloture is invoked, all post-cloture time be considered expired and Senate vote on confirmation, with no inter-vening action or debate; provided further, that fol-lowing disposition of the nomination of Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security, Senate resume consideration of the nomination of Callista L. Gingrich, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to the Holy See, Depart-ment of State, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 1:45 p.m., on Thurs-day, October 5, 2017, and that if cloture is invoked, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, October 16, 2017. 
                                                                                            Page S6283 
Hargan Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, October 4, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the nomination of Eric D. Hargan, of Illinois, to be Deputy Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, with the time until 11 a.m., equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees.
                                   Page S6283 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Halsey B. Frank, of Maine, to be United States Attorney for the District of Maine for the term of four years. D. Michael Hurst, Jr., of Mississippi, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Mississippi for the term of four years. Jeffrey B. Jensen, of Missouri, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Missouri for the term of four years. Thomas L. Kirsch II, of Indiana, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Indiana for the term of four years. William J. Powell, of West Virginia, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of West Virginia for the term of four years. 
                                                                            Pages S6283, S6292 
Stephen Censky, of Missouri, to be Deputy Sec-retary of Agriculture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03OC7.REC D03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1040 October 3, 2017 
Ted McKinney, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs.
                                                        Pages S6283–84 S6292 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Spencer Bachus III, of Alabama, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2019. Spencer Bachus III, of Alabama, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2023. Judith Delzoppo Pryor, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2021. Kimberly A. Reed, of West Virginia, to be First Vice President of the Export-Import Bank of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2021. Claudia Slacik, of New York, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2019. Claudia Slacik, of New York, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2023. Neil Jacobs, of North Carolina, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce. Timothy Kelly, of Michigan, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Career, Technical, and Adult Education, Department of Education. Ernest W. Dubester, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority for a term of five years expiring July 1, 2019. Don R. Willett, of Texas, to be a Circuit Judge, United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. David Christian Tryon, of Ohio, to be Chief Counsel for Advocacy, Small Business Administra-tion.
                                                                                  Page S6292 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: Spencer Bachus III, of Alabama, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2021, which was sent to the Senate on June 19, 2017.
                                                                                Page S6292 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6286 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S6286–87 
Executive Communications:                             Page S6287 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6288–89 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6289–92 Additional Statements: Authorities for Committees to Meet:
        Page S6292 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:24 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, October 4, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6292.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
AFGHANISTAN Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the political and security situa-tion in Afghanistan, after receiving testimony from James N. Mattis, Secretary, and General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, both of the Department of Defense. WELLS FARGO Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Wells Fargo one year later, after receiving testimony from Tim Sloan, Wells Fargo and Co., San Marino, Cali-fornia. ENERGY STORAGE TECHNOLOGIES Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the status of energy storage technologies, reviewing today’s technologies, and understanding innovation in tomorrow’s tech-nologies, after receiving testimony from Vincent Sprenkle, Manager, Electrochemical Materials and Systems Group, Pacific Northwest National Labora-tory, Department of Energy; Praveen Kathpal, AES Energy Storage, Arlington, Virginia; Simon Moores, Benchmark Mineral Intelligence, London, United Kingdom; and John Seifarth, Voith, York, Pennsyl-vania. ENERGY LEGISLATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on Energy concluded a hearing to exam-ine S. 186, to amend the Federal Power Act to pro-vide that any inacation by the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission that allows a rate change to go into effect shall be treated as an order by the Com-mission for purposes of rehearing and court review, S. 1059, to extend the authorization of the Uranium Mill Tailings Radiation Control Act of 1978 relating to the disposal site in Mesa County, Colorado, S. 1337, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to make certain strategic energy infrastructure projects eligible for certain loan guarantees, S. 1457, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to direct the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03OC7.REC D03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1041 October 3, 2017 
Secretary of Energy to carry out demonstration projects relating to advanced nuclear reactor tech-nologies to support domestic energy needs, S. 1799, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to facilitate the commercialization of energy and related tech-nologies developed at Department of Energy facili-ties with promising commercial potential, and S. 1860 and H.R. 1109, bills to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act, after receiving testimony from James Danly, General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; and Bernard McNamee, Deputy General Counsel, Department of Energy. INTERNATIONAL TAX REFORM Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine international tax reform, after receiving testimony from Bret Wells, University of Houston Law Center, Houston, Texas; Kimberly A. Clausing, Reed College, Portland, Oregon; Stephen E. Shay, Harvard Law School, Cambridge, Massachusetts; and Itai Grinberg, Georgetown University Law Center, Washington, D.C. NOMINATION Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Kenneth Ian Juster, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of India, Department of State, after the nomi-nee, who was introduced by Senator Warner, testi-fied and answered questions in his own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Larry Ed-ward Andre, Jr., of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Djibouti, Peter Henry Barlerin, of Colo-rado, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Cam-eroon, Eric P. Whitaker, of Illinois, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Niger, Michael James Dodman, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Is-lamic Republic of Mauritania, Nina Maria Fite, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Angola, Daniel L. Foote, of New York, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Zambia, and David Dale Reimer, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mauritius, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Re-public of Seychelles, all of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. NOMINATION Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of John Marshall Mitnick, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, after the nominee testified and answered ques-tions in his own behalf. EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS ACT Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Every Student Succeeds Act, focusing on unleashing State innovation, after receiving testimony from Candice McQueen, Tennessee Department of Edu-cation Commissioner, Nashville; John White, Lou-isiana State Superintendent of Education, Baton Rouge; Christopher Ruszkowski, New Mexico Sec-retary of Education, Santa Fe; and David M. Steiner, Johns Hopkins Institute for Education Policy, An-napolis, Maryland. DACA OVERSIGHT Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Administration’s decision to end Deferred Action for Childhood Ar-rivals, after receiving testimony from Chad Readler, Acting Assistant Attorney General, Civil Division, Department of Justice; Michael Dougherty, Assistant Secretary, Border, Immigration, and Trade, Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans, and James McCament, Acting Director, Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices, both of the Department of Homeland Security; Jessica M. Vaughan, Center for Immigration Studies, Washington, D.C.; Denisse Rojas Marquez, Pre- Health Dreamers, New York, New York; and Bill Hartzell, Council Bluffs, Iowa. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed sessions to receive briefings on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03OC7.REC D03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1042 October 3, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 24 pub-lic bills, H.R. 3913–3936; and 1 resolution, H. Res. were introduced.
                                                Pages H7749–50 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7750–52 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H. Res. 553, providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 71) establishing the congressional budget for the United States Gov-ernment for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027 (H. Rept. 115–239).
         Pages H7748–49 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Foxx to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H7675 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:07 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H7682 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Pastor Kevin McKee, Chapel on the Campus, Baton Rouge, LA.
                         Pages H7682–83 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act of 2017: S. 652, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, di-agnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of- hearing newborns, infants, and young children; 
                                                                                    Pages H7694–98 
Protecting Girls’ Access to Education in Vulner-able Settings Act: H.R. 2408, to enhance the trans-parency, improve the coordination, and intensify the impact of assistance to support access to primary and secondary education for displaced children and per-sons, including women and girls;
       Pages H7698–H7700 
Nicaraguan Investment Conditionality Act (NICA) of 2017: H.R. 1918, amended, to oppose loans at international financial institutions for the Government of Nicaragua unless the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections;
                              Pages H7700–04 
Municipal Finance Support Act of 2017: H.R. 1624, amended, to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obliga-tions as level 2A liquid assets;
                   Pages H7704–06 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To re-quire the appropriate Federal banking agencies to treat certain municipal obligations as no lower than level 2B liquid assets, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H7706 Providing Resources, Officers, and Technology To Eradicate Cyber Threats to Our Children Act of 2017: S. 782, amended, to reauthorize the Na-tional Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 417 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 550; and
              Pages H7706–09, H7728 
Elder Abuse Prevention and Prosecution Act: S. 178, to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and im-prove the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases.
           Pages H7709–12 
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act: The House passed H.R. 36, to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, by a recorded vote of 237 ayes to 189 noes, Roll No. 549.
                                                       Pages H7686–94, H7712–28 
Rejected the Brownley (CA) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 187 yeas to 238 nays, Roll No. 548. 
                                                                                    Pages H7725–27 
H. Res. 548, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 36) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 187 nays, Roll No. 547, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 546. 
                                                                                    Pages H7686–94 
Senate Referral: S. 396 was referred to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources.
              Pages H7704, H7745 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H7704. Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H7693–94, H7694, H7726–27, H7727, H7728. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:28 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
U.S. DEFENSE STRATEGY IN SOUTH ASIA Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Defense Strategy in South Asia’’. Testimony was heard from General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff; and James N. Mattis, Secretary, Department of Defense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03OC7.REC D03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1043 October 3, 2017 
SECURING THE PEACE AFTER THE FALL OF ISIL Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Se-curing the Peace After the Fall of ISIL’’. Testimony was heard from Brigadier General James Bierman, U.S. Marine Corps, Director of Middle East Divi-sion, Joint Staff, J–5, Department of Defense; Joseph S. Pennington, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Iraq, Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs, Department of State, Pamela Quanrud, Director, Global Coalition to De-feat ISIS, Department of State; Mark Swayne, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary for Stability and Human-itarian Affairs, Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations/Low Intensity Con-flict, Department of Defense; and public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE EQUIFAX DATA BREACH: ANSWERS FOR CONSUMERS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Equifax Data Breach: Answers for Consumers’’. Testimony was heard from a public witness. EXAMINING PATIENT ACCESS TO INVESTIGATIONAL DRUGS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Patient Access to Investigational Drugs’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Biggs and Fitzpatrick; John Dicken, Director for Health Care, Government Accountability Office; Scott Gottlieb, Commissioner, Food and Drug Administration; and public wit-nesses. PART II: POWERING AMERICA: DEFINING RELIABILITY IN A TRANSFORMING ELECTRICITY INDUSTRY Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Part II: Powering America: Defining Reliability in a Transforming Electricity Industry’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. SUSTAINABLE HOUSING FINANCE: AN UPDATE FROM THE DIRECTOR OF THE FEDERAL HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Sustainable Housing Finance: An Update from the Director of the Federal Housing Fi-nance Agency’’. Testimony was heard from Melvin L. Watt, Director, Federal Housing Finance Agency. IRAQ AND SYRIA GENOCIDE EMERGENCY RELIEF AND ACCOUNTABILITY Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Account-ability’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING DHS’S CYBERSECURITY MISSION Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Examining DHS’s Cybersecurity Mis-sion’’. Testimony was heard from Christopher Krebs, Senior Official Performing the Duties of the Under Secretary, National Protection and Programs Direc-torate, Department of Homeland Security; Jeanette Manfra, Assistant Secretary for Cybersecurity and Communications, National Protection and Programs Directorate, Department of Homeland Security; and Patricia Hoffman, Acting Assistant Secretary, Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, De-partment of Energy. ONLINE SEX TRAFFICKING AND THE COMMUNICATIONS DECENCY ACT Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Online Sex Trafficking and the Communications Decency Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 3400, the ‘‘Recre-ation Not Red-Tape Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 210, the ‘‘Native American En-ergy Act’’; H.R. 424, the ‘‘Gray Wolf State Manage-ment Act of 2017’’; H.R. 717, the ‘‘Listing Reform Act’’; H.R. 1274, the ‘‘State, Tribal and Local Spe-cies Transparency and Recovery Act’’; H.R. 1488, the ‘‘Indiana Dunes National Park Act’’; H.R. 2600, to provide for the conveyance to the State of Iowa of the reversionary interest held by the United States in certain land in Pottawattamie County, Iowa, and for other purposes; H.R. 2603, the ‘‘SAVES Act’’; H.R. 2897, to authorize the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into cooperative management agree-ments for the operation, maintenance, and manage-ment of units of the National Park System in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Jan 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD17\OCTOBER\D03OC7.REC D03OC7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1044 October 3, 2017 
H.R. 3131, the ‘‘Endangered Species Litigation Rea-sonableness Act’’. INNOVATIONS IN SECURITY: EXAMINING THE USE OF CANINES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Intergovernmental Affairs; and Sub-committee on Transportation and Protective Security of the House Committee on Homeland Security held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Innovations in Security: Ex-amining the Use of Canines’’. Testimony was heard from Scott Smith, Lieutenant, Orlando Police De-partment, Florida; and public witnesses. CYBERSECURITY OF THE INTERNET OF THINGS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Information Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Cybersecurity of the Internet of Things’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. ESTABLISHING THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET FOR THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 AND SETTING FORTH THE APPROPRIATE BUDGETARY LEVELS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2019 THROUGH 2027 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a struc-tured rule for H. Con. Res. 71. The rule provides four hours of general debate with three hours con-fined to the congressional budget equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget and one hour on the subject of economic goals and policies equally divided and controlled by Rep. Tiberi (OH) and Rep. Carolyn Maloney (NY) or their respective designees. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the concurrent resolution and pro-vides that the concurrent resolution shall be consid-ered as read. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to amendment. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report except that the adoption of an amendment in the nature of a substitute shall constitute the conclusion of consid-eration of the concurrent resolution for amendment. The rule provides, upon the conclusion of consider-ation of the concurrent resolution for amendment, a final period of general debate, which shall not exceed 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Budget. The rule permits the Chair of the Budget Committee to offer amendments in the House pursuant to section 305(a)(5) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 to achieve mathematical consistency. The rule provides that the concurrent resolution shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question of its adoption. Testimony was heard from Chairman Black, and Representatives Yarmuth, Grothman, Schakowsky, and Scott of Vir-ginia. RESILIENCY: THE ELECTRIC GRID’S ONLY HOPE Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Resiliency: The Elec-tric Grid’s Only Hope’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. BUILDING A 21ST CENTURY INFRASTRUCTURE FOR AMERICA: COAST GUARD STAKEHOLDERS’ PERSPECTIVES AND JONES ACT FLEET CAPABILITIES Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation held a hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Cen-tury Infrastructure for America: Coast Guard Stake-holders’ Perspectives and Jones Act Fleet Capabili-ties’’. Testimony was heard from Rear Admiral Wil-liam Kelly, Assistant Commandant for Human Re-sources, U.S. Coast Guard; Rear Admiral Melvin Bouboulis, Assistant Commandant for Engineering and Logistics, U.S. Coast Guard; and public wit-nesses. 
Joint Meetings 
TAX REFORM AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a hearing to examine tax reform and entrepreneurship, after receiving testimony from John R. Dearie, Cen-ter for American Entrepreneurship, Great Falls, Vir-ginia; Falon Donohue, VentureOhio, Columbus; and Scott Hodge, Tax Foundation, and John Arensmeyer, Small Business Majority, both of Washington, D.C. COMBATING KLEPTOCRACY Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission concluded a hearing to examine combating kleptocracy with incorporation transparency, after re-ceiving testimony from Charles Davidson, Hudson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03OC7.REC D03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1045 October 3, 2017 
Institute Kleptocracy Initiative, Pat O’Carroll, Fed-eral Law Enforcement Officers Association, Caroline Vicini, Delegation of the European Union to the United States, and Gary Kalman, Financial Account-ability and Transparency Coalition, all of Wash-ington, D.C. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the Equifax cybersecurity breach, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on the Budget: business meeting to markup the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, 2:30 p.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 1872, to authorize the pro-grams of the Transportation Security Administration re-lating to transportation security, S. 1015, to require the Federal Communications Commission to study the feasi-bility of designating a simple, easy-to-remember dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system, S. 1534, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to amend its rules so as to prohibit the application to amateur stations of certain private land use restrictions, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘American Vision for Safer Transportation through Advancement of Revolutionary Technologies (AV START) Act’’, and the nominations of Ann Marie Buerkle, of New York, to be Chairman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, and to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, Howard R. Elliott, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Depart-ment of Transportation, and Walter G. Copan, of Colo-rado, to be Under Secretary for Standards and Tech-nology, Timothy Gallaudet, of California, to be Assistant Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, and David J. Redl, of New York, to be Assistant Secretary for Communica-tions and Information, all of the Department of Com-merce, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: business meeting to consider the nominations of Bruce J. Walker, of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary for Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, and Steven E. Winberg, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary for Fossil Energy, both of the Department of Energy, time to be announced, S–216, Capitol. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Michael Dourson, of Ohio, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances, and Matthew Z. Leopold, of Florida, David Ross, of Wis-consin, and William L. Wehrum, of Delaware, each to be an Assistant Administrator, all of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency, and Jeffery Martin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Keep Kids’ Insurance Dependable and Secure (KIDS) Act of 2017’’, 9:30 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-ing regarding ordered departure of personnel from the U.S. Embassy in Havana, Cuba, 9:15 a.m., SVC–217. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Samuel Dale Brownback, of Kansas, to be Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, and Michele Jeanne Sison, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Haiti, both of the Department of State; to be immediately followed by a Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Secu-rity, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues hearing to examine the future of Iraq’s minorities, focusing on what’s next after ISIS, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Cheryl Marie Stanton, of South Carolina, to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, and David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Mine Safety and Health, both of the Department of Labor, and Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the Na-tional Labor Relations Board, 3 p.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: business meeting to consider S. 146, to strengthen ac-countability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, S. 1847, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to ensure that the needs of children are considered in homeland security, trafficking, and disaster recovery planning, S. 1281, to es-tablish a bug bounty pilot program within the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, S. 1769, to require a new or updated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mobile friendly, S. 1305, to provide U.S. Customs and Border Protection with adequate flexibility in its employment authorities, S. 1791, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary al-lowance payable to a former President, S. 708, to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other nar-cotics and psychoactive substances that are illegally im-ported into the United States, H.R. 3210, to require the Director of the National Background Investigations Bu-reau to submit a report on the backlog of personnel secu-rity clearance investigations, H.R. 70, to amend the Fed-eral Advisory Committee Act to increase the transparency of Federal advisory committees, an original bill entitled, ‘‘TSA LEAP Pay Reform Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Direct Hire of Students and Recent Graduates Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Temporary and Term Appointments Act of 2017’’, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Voluntary Separation Incentive Payment Adjust-ment Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘FITARA Enhancement Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Reporting Efficiently to Proper Officials in Response to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03OC7.REC D03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1046 October 3, 2017 Terrorism Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Whis-tleblower Protection Coordination Act’’, and the nomina-tion of John Marshall Mitnick, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Department of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 943, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to con-duct an accurate comprehensive student count for the purposes of calculating formula allocations for programs under the Johnson-O’Malley Act; to be immediately fol-lowed by an oversight hearing to examine Indian gaming, focusing on new issues and opportunities for success in the next 30 years, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Stephanos Bibas, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Liles Clifton Burke, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Michael Joseph Ju-neau, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina, Tilman Eugene Self III, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Georgia, and John C. Demers, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology and the Law, to hold hearings to examine Equifax, focusing on continuing to monitor data-broker cybersecurity, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Melissa Sue Glynn, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Enterprise In-tegration), Cheryl L. Mason, of Virginia, to be Chairman of the Board of Veterans’ Appeals, and Randy Reeves, of Mississippi, to be Under Secretary for Memorial Affairs, all of the Department of Veterans Affairs, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine efforts to combat robocalls, 9 a.m., SD–562. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2936, the ‘‘Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2521, the ‘‘South Carolina Peanut Parity Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2921, the ‘‘National Forest System Vegeta-tion Management Pilot Program Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2941, the ‘‘Kisatchie National Forest Land Conveyance Act’’; and H.R. 3567, to authorize the purchase of a small parcel of Natural Resources Conservation Service property in Riverside, California, by the Riverside Corona Resource Conservation District, and for other purposes, 9:30 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 3441, the ‘‘Save Local Business Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-vironment, hearing entitled ‘‘Air Quality Impacts of Wildfires: Perspectives of Key Stakeholders’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on legislation on the HEALTHY KIDS Act of 2017; legislation on the CHAMPION Act; H.R. 849, the ‘‘Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1148, the ‘‘Fur-thering Access to Stroke Telemedicine Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2465, the ‘‘Steve Gleason Enduring Voices Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2557, the ‘‘Prostate Cancer Misdiagnosis Elimination Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3120, to reduce the vol-ume of future electronic health record-related significant hardship requests; H.R. 3245, the ‘‘Medicare Civil and Criminal Penalties Act’’; H.R. 3263, to extend the Medi-care Independence at home Medical Practice Demonstra-tion program; and H.R. 3271, the ‘‘Protecting Access to Diabetes Supplies Act of 2017’’, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the SEC’s Agenda, Operations, and Budget’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Mid-dle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘State De-partment’s Antiterrorism Assistance Program: The GAO Review’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Iranian Backed Militias: Desta-bilizing the Middle East’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, mark-up on H.R. 3548, the ‘‘Border Security for America Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3711, the ‘‘Legal Workforce Act’’; and legislation on the Agricultural Guestworker Act, 10 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, con-tinue markup on H.R. 210, the ‘‘Native American En-ergy Act’’; H.R. 424, the ‘‘Gray Wolf State Management Act of 2017’’; H.R. 717, the ‘‘Listing Reform Act’’; H.R. 1274, the ‘‘State, Tribal and Local Species Transparency and Recovery Act’’; H.R. 1488, the ‘‘Indiana Dunes Na-tional Park Act’’; H.R. 2600, to provide for the convey-ance to the State of Iowa of the reversionary interest held by the United States in certain land in Pottawattamie County, Iowa, and for other purposes; H.R. 2603, the ‘‘SAVES Act’’; H.R. 2897, to authorize the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into cooperative management agree-ments for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the National Park System in the District of Co-lumbia, and for other purposes; and H.R. 3131, the ‘‘En-dangered Species Litigation Reasonableness Act’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 146, the ‘‘Eastern Band Cher-okee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act’’; H.R. 2402, the ‘‘San Juan County Settlement Implementation Act’’; and H.R. 2606, the ‘‘Stigler Act Amendments of 2017’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘Powering Exploration: An Update on Radioisotope Production and Lessons Learned from Cassini’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Small Business Tax Reform: Modernizing the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03OC7.REC D03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1047 October 3, 2017 Code for the Nation’s Job Creators’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Ray-burn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Mate-rials, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infra-structure for America: Rail Stakeholders’ Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Over-sight, hearing entitled ‘‘IRS Reform: Challenges to Mod-ernizing IT Infrastructure’’, 9 a.m., 2020 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 849, the ‘‘Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03OC7.REC D03OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1048 October 3, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, October 4 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will resume consider-ation of the nomination of Eric D. Hargan, of Illinois, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 11 a.m. If cloture is invoked, Senate will vote on con-firmation of the nomination at 3:15 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Eric D. Hargan, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2004. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, October 4 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H. Con. Res. 71—Establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E1313, E1316 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E1314 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1310, E1311 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E1316 Castro, Joaquin, Tex., E1312 Cook, Paul, Calif., E1312 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E1313 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E1313 Ferguson, A. Drew IV, Ga., E1316 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1309, E1310, E1310, E1312, E1313, E1314 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1310 Jenkins, Lynn, Kans., E1314 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1317 Lawrence, Brenda L., Mich., E1309 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1310 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1312, E1317 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1309 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E1316 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E1309 Perry, Scott, Pa., E1313 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E1314 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1317 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E1311 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1315 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E1309 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1311 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E1310 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E1311 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:39 Oct 04, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D03OC7.REC D03OCPT1