Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, today we honor Amy Kurland, founder of the Bluebird Cafe´, pioneer of ‘‘in the round’’ acoustic ses-sions, and gatekeeper to Nashville song-writers. Born in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and transplanted to the mid-South, Ms. Kurland followed her in-stincts and in 1982 opened ‘‘the Ellis Island of Nashville’’—a cozy, 100-seat venue for the un-heard and unsigned songwriters in the heart of the music industry. Her intuition and influence pioneered a lis-tening room template used worldwide and fea-tured in books, movies, and television. Her solid reputation as an advocate and ‘‘den mother’’ of songwriters launched careers and collaborations. Her keen ability to recognize and execute opportunities enabled the Blue-bird to sponsor nationwide tours, host charity benefits, and develop partnerships with travel destinations. A series of bold and audacious decisions have only escalated the venue’s vis-ibility and success. After 25 years, Ms. Kurland entrusted the Bluebird Cafe´to the folks at Nashville Song-writers Association International and devoted her attention and expertise to philanthropic pursuits in education, leadership, social jus-tice, and alcohol and drug recovery. We honor Amy Kurland with a SOURCE Award, recognizing her vital contribution to the success of Music Row and the Nashville en-tertainment industry. f 
HONORING MARTHA MOORE 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 29, 2017 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, today we honor Martha Moore, multi-market media force, Nashville PR queen, and go-to expert on independent public relations. Born in Washington, DC and transplanted to the mid-South via University of Tennessee- Knoxville, Ms. Moore kicked off her Nashville career in 1976 with WLAC Radio before transitioning to press and artist relations with MCA/ABC Records and Mercury/Polygram. In 1988, she marshalled her impeccable in-dustry pedigree and vast connections, and launched her own independent, boutique PR firm. Known for her strategic planning and at-tention to detail, she wasted no time in crash-ing through the industry glass ceiling by sign-ing Johnny Cash as her first client. Her cha-risma and personal motivation propelled in-valuable connections with the foreign press. Her creativity and dependability fostered stra-tegic partnerships with powerhouse firms. Her professional relationships with songwriters and performers generate an evolving and eclectic client roster, and are a testament to her pas-sion for success in a demanding, but reward-ing career. We honor Martha Moore with a SOURCE Award, recognizing her vital contribution to the success of Music Row and the Nashville en-tertainment industry. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CHIEF MARILYN DENISE HENDERSON 
HON. AL LAWSON, JR. 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 29, 2017 Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Chief Marilyn Denise Henderson on her retirement from the Florida Department of Corrections Office of Inspector General as the Assistant Chief of Investiga-tion. I want to thank Chief Henderson for giv-ing over 30 years of public service in law en-forcement to the State of Florida. With her knowledge, integrity, and leadership she has been able to service the people of this great State. I know that the staff at the Florida De-partment of Corrections will miss her im-mensely. Chief Henderson has been an asset to the community, not only in public service, but in her commitment to charity fundraisers and the faith based community. It is an honor to have people such as her in our community working diligently to make it better. I want to welcome Chief Henderson to her new role as a retired professional. I hope she can enjoy the new freedoms that this position affords, such as cycling, attending Miami Dol-phin games, and spending time with friends and family. Once more, Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratu-late Chief Henderson on her retirement and wish her a life full of happiness. f 
HONORING JUDITH PERCIVAL- NEWBY 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 29, 2017 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, today we honor Judith Percival-Newby, producer, man-ager, .com founder, and tech marketer, serv-ing the music/entertainment industry world-wide. Born in Canada, Ms. Newby developed a passion for promoting and developing talent in Toronto’s live music, transferring her profile- raising skills to Nashville in tour coordination, management/booking, and special-event PR, cracking the glass ceiling by leading a man-agement company and directing promotions for iconic country artists. In 1986 she launched a sole proprietorship, offering personal management and career de-velopment services to more than 50 major performing artists. Seeking more industry con-trol and foreseeing the evolution of internet marketing, she co-founded TappedInto and developed a proprietary webcasting platform that captured the 1999 WTO Free Trade/Fair Trade Seattle street protests in the first-ever, global ‘‘news webcast’’ immortalized in the movie Battle In Seattle. Her ability to find inexpensive, turnkey solu-tions for marketing rising artists is noteworthy. Her use of technology to enhance global out-reach is outstanding. Her commitment to civic and community service through Elephant Aid International, Alive Hospice, Music of the Heart Sangha, and the American Eagle Foun-dation fits precisely with her history of active involvement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Aug 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AU8.001 E29AUPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1150 August 29, 2017 
We honor Judith Percival-Newby with a SOURCE Award, recognizing her vital con-tribution to the success of Music Row and the Nashville entertainment industry. 
f 
HONORING JOYCE M. RICE 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 29, 2017 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, today we honor Joyce M. Rice, advisor, banking pio-neer, and director of writer/publisher relations in the country, pop, and Christian music genres. A Nashville native, Ms. Rice developed her unique expertise in commercial lending with the Federal Reserve Bank and First American National Bank. In 1983, she designed and opened First American’s satellite office on Music Row, specifically catering to the enter-tainment industry, proving the potential of lending to the music business. She revolution-ized music banking by championing royalty- advanced loans. After 15 dynamic years with BMI, Ms. Rice retired, having started her ca-reer as a respectable bank teller and ending it as an innovator and trailblazer in the bank-ing and music industries. Her commitment to charitable and commu-nity projects through Nashville and National Academy of Television Arts, the Mark Collie Foundation, Chet Atkins Place, and the W.O. Smith Nashville Community Music School fits precisely with her history of active involve-ment. We honor Joyce M. Rice with a SOURCE Award, recognizing her vital contribution to the success of Music Row and the Nashville en-tertainment industry. 
f 
HONORING BONNIE SUGARMAN 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 29, 2017 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, today we honor Bonnie Sugarman, performing arts lead-er, award-winning talent director, and live-tour innovator. A Chicago native, Ms. Sugarman credits her live-tour expertise to E.O Stacy of Music Cor-poration of America, founding father of enter-tainment at fairs. She burst onto the Nashville stage via Los Angeles, volunteering to launch the new Music City office for the Agency for the Performing Arts (APA), expanding her ex-pertise in fairs and festivals to building long- term relationships with venues, promoters and talent buyers. Throughout her decades-long tenure, she’s maintained an advantageously low agent-to- artist ratio, centered on quality music and peo-ple, and remained passionate about devel-oping and sustaining successful artists. Ms. Sugarman cracked the glass ceiling when she became the first woman to receive the NATD’s ‘‘Agent of the Year’’ award, then shattered it as the first agent to win the award for two consecutive years. The prestigious Hu-bert Long Award further acknowledged her significant and positive impact on the music in-dustry through artist development. Her service on the Academy of Country Music board and leadership of NATD fit precisely with her his-tory of active involvement. We honor Bonnie Sugarman with a SOURCE Award, recognizing her vital con-tribution to the success of Music Row and the Nashville entertainment industry. f 
CONGRATULATING JOHN SCHULTZ ON HIS RETIREMENT AFTER 44 YEARS AT UPS 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 29, 2017 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate John Schultz on his recent re-tirement after 44 years at UPS. John has been delivering packages to fami-lies, individuals, and businesses in Elkhart since 1973. He quickly became a friendly face in the neighborhood, and hard work, deter-mination, and inspiration led John to become one of the longest-serving drivers for UPS. John exemplifies the characteristics we should all strive for in our daily lives. He is kind, thoughtful, and high-spirited, and his steadfast work ethic has allowed him to succeed in his various roles with UPS and continue to proud-ly support his family. I am so grateful that our community has someone like John to look up to as a role model for perseverance in both career and ev-eryday life. During his tenure with UPS, the technological advancements and growing economy made his role and responsibilities dynamic and ever-changing. John dealt expertly with the changing times and emerged as a leader in the field. He was trusted by his peers and superiors, and he carried out each job with integrity, always keeping safety, his training, and customer service in mind. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Indiana’s 2nd Dis-trict, I want to thank John for his commitment to safe, responsible driving, and for serving our community for many wonderful years. I ap-plaud his hard work and achievements over the years and wish him all the best in this next chapter. 
f 
HONORING SUSAN TURNER 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 29, 2017 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, today we honor Susan Turner, talented and dedicated promoter and advocate. Since her beginnings with Capital Records- Atlanta in 1974, Ms. Turner earned promotion after promotion in an impressive array of posi-tions for RCA, Disc Mastering, and artist man-agement firms until 1991, when she joined promotion legend Bruce Shindler to form an independent company. The transformation of Shindler-Turner Pro-motions to Turner & Associates resulted in a 14-year reign as one of the top three Billboard and R&R independent promotion companies, working product for 99 percent of the major la-bels with 253 No. 1 singles. Her 2004 retirement only enhanced her commitment to charitable and community projects through Franklin County’s (Fla.) Hu-mane Society, ‘‘The Dixie Does Nashville’’ show (Fla.), and Just For Kids LLC (Tenn.) which fit precisely with her history of active in-volvement. We honor Susan Turner with a SOURCE Award, recognizing her vital contribution to the success of Music Row and the Nashville en-tertainment industry. f 
HONORING LULA CLAY NAFF 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, August 29, 2017 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, today we honor Lula Clay Naff, America’s First Lady of theatre management, innovative booker and 35–year manager of the historic Ryman Audi-torium. Born in 1875 in Fall Branch, Tennessee, Mrs. Naff almost single-handedly elevated the Ryman as the must-see, must-do Nashville venue for musicians, speakers, and actors. She rose to prominence as a young, widowed mother, years before the 19th Amendment granted women the right to vote, let alone oversee a 2,360-seat event space. Her remarkable decision-making skills and bold instincts shifted a religious setting to an entertainment destination. Her shrewd booking acumen filled pews with some of the biggest names in music, theatre and public speaking. She was a trailblazer for working women and a visionary for performance arts. As Mrs. Naff widened the Ryman’s roster, the venue grew in respect and prestige. The Grand Old Opry’s 31-year run on the Ryman stage was her swansong and a showcase for her influence. She retired in 1955 at the age of 80 as Manager Emeritus, having elevated the Ryman through a half-century of diverse, cul-tural events. In 2015, the Ryman opened Cafe ´ Lula to commemorate Mrs. Naffs legacy and longevity in shaping one of Nashville’s great-est event destinations. We honor Lula Naff with a SOURCE Award, recognizing her vital contribution to the suc-cess of Music Row and the Nashville enter-tainment industry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Aug 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29AU8.005 E29AUPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D907 Tuesday, August 29, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 2:32:05 p.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 2:32:39 p.m. until 3:00 p.m., on Friday, September 1, 2017 Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 1 public bill, H.R. 3367; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 498, were introduced.
                                                                    Page H6630 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H6630 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1074, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’ (H. Rept. 115–279); H.R. 1547, to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tuc-son, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by conveyance of the Federal reversionary interest to the City (H. Rept. 115–280); H.R. 2075, to adjust the eastern boundary of the Deschutes Canyon-Steelhead Falls Wilderness Study Area in the State of Oregon to facilitate fire preven-tion and response activities in order to protect adja-cent private property, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–281); and H.R. 2371, to require the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration to establish a pilot project to provide increased transparency for customers, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–282).
                                                              Pages H6629–30 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Harris to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H6619 Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Alisa Lasater Wailoo, Capitol Hill United Methodist Church, Washington, DC. 
                                                                                            Page H6619 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 12:03 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Aug 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29AU7.REC D29AUPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD908 August 29, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Friday, September 1 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 1 p.m., Friday, September 1 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 1 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E1149, E1150 Lawson, Al, Jr., Fla., E1149 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1150 Watson Coleman, Bonnie, N.J., E1149 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Aug 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D29AU7.REC D29AUPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST