Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the memory of Bancroft ‘‘Nick’’ Littlefield, a dear friend and dedicated public servant who passed away last week. Few in our country could match Nick’s career. From stages on Broadway to classrooms at Harvard Law School to courtrooms in New York City and eventually to the halls of this Capitol as an aide to my uncle Senator Ted Kennedy—Nick did it all. Always guided by the simple principle that our laws should help and protect our citizens, his fingerprints can be found on every page of landmark legislation such as the Children’s Health Insurance Program, Americans with Disabilities Act, Family Medical Leave Act and the 1996 minimum wage increase. As Senator Kennedy’s Staff Director for the Senate Health, Education and Labor Committee from 1989 until 1998, he worked tirelessly behind the scenes to enact bipartisan reforms to our health insurance market and mental health system that would ultimately lay the foundation for the Affordable Care Act. Each day he arrived at his Senate office, he brought a contagious enthusiasm for his work and extraordinary empathy for the people he served. For all of his peers, regardless of political party, and for me as well, he will always be an inspiration because of his faith in what our government can accomplish when we work together. Even while battling the multiple system atrophy that would leave him unable to walk, talk, write and sing, he considered himself ‘‘not entirely unlucky’’ to have the disease because it allowed him to ‘‘truly sympathize’’ with others who had disabilities. Mr. Speaker, because of Nick’s devotion to our country, those effected by once incurable illness have been healed, families struggling to care for a loved one are able to keep their job, millions of children have received the health care they need, and millions more who work for a living have been able to ensure that they do not live in poverty. His intelligence, compassion, and dedication were matched only by his devotion to his family. In this difficult time, my thoughts and prayers are with Nick’s wife, Jenny Lyman, as well as his stepchildren Frank, Tom and Kate. Our nation has lost a good man, but we are all better for the life he lived. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for the following Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted the following: 1. ‘‘NAY’’ on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.J. Res. 43 and H.J. Res. 69. 2. ‘‘NAY’’ on H. Res. 123. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, it’s with great honor that I rise today to recognize the Keep Tennessee Beautiful organization for receiving the Keep America Beautiful State Affiliate Innovation Award for their publication of Nancy and Sluggo Love Tennessee: A Story About Keeping Tennessee Beautiful. Written and illustrated by Guy Gilchrist, this story showcases the remarkable attractions, natural resources, and historic landmarks of the great state of Tennessee, all while promoting the importance of taking care of our community by recycling and not littering. Nancy and Sluggo Love Tennessee is a treasured keepsake that educates children and instills a sense of pride in being a Tennessean. As proven by their achievement, Keep Tennessee Beautiful does outstanding work in innovatively educating and engaging the young minds in our community and I applaud their dedication to our state. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the memory of Dr. John ‘‘Jack’’ Manning who passed away last week at the age of 96. A lifelong resident of Massachusetts, Jack attended Coyle High School in Taunton before enrolling at Boston College and earning his Medical Degree from Tufts University. Immediately after his graduation, he enlisted in the United States Navy and served aboard six warships from 1946 through 1950 as the only doctor. When he returned home, he started a family with his beloved wife, Lily, and opened a pediatric office in Fall River. While continuing to operate his own private practice, Jack volunteered to become the Medical Director at a school for children with development disabilities. Through nearly 50 years at the school, he never accepted a penny for his services. Caring for those children became the cause of his life and he continued to fundraise for the school through the end of last year. More than his professional and community service work, it was his love for his wife and his family that always guided him. Shortly after opening his pediatric office, Lily contracted paralytic polio. At the age of 33, she would never walk again, and Jack would never leave her side. After two years in hospitals throughout Massachusetts, Lily returned to a renovated home that accommodated her every medical need. Together they raised their sons, Jack and Mike. A little over a decade ago, when Lily returned to the hospital for the last time suffering from pneumonia, Jack was asked how he took care of his wife and their boys for so long. He replied that, ‘‘Ours is not a sad story. I love her just as much today as I ever did, and I know she would have done the exact same thing for me.’’ If only we could all be so lucky. On behalf of all the children who Dr. Manning treated and all of the people he inspired, I extend my thoughts and prayers to his family in this difficult time. f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF GRADUATING SENIOR BUFFALO STATE BENGALS WOMENS BASKETBALL PLAYERS SHYASHA SPENCER, TAYLOR GRAHAM AND JASMINE SHIRLEY 
Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize three exceptional members of the senior class at Buffalo State College, Shyasha Spencer, Taylor Graham and Jasmine Shirley. During their collegiate careers, these young women have proven to be talented and dedicated scholars and athletes. Their achievements on and off the court are worthy of praise and I congratulate them on the completion of their undergraduate degrees. As members of the Buffalo State women’s basketball team, these students are known as leaders among their peers and teammates. I commend these young women for their dedication to academics and athletics and congratulate them on the completion of their college careers. Shyasha Spencer is from Geneva, New York and a graduate of Geneva High School. Shyasha is a Guard on the Buffalo State Bengals and will be earning a degree in Criminal Justice. 
Taylor Graham is a senior on the Buffalo women’s basketball team. The Guard leads the team in assists and steals. Taylor will receive her degree in Business Administration. She attended Maria Carrillo High School in Santa Rosa, CA. Coming from Bronx, New York, Jasmine Shirley attended Lehman High School. She is majoring in Health and Wellness and is a Guard on the team. Balancing the responsibilities demanded of student athletes is a true challenge, and each of these students handled the test with dignity and grace. As an alumnus of Buffalo State, I will be proud to call them fellow alumni. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for allowing my colleagues to join me in recognizing these extraordinary Buffalo State Bengals and in congratulating them as they obtain their undergraduate degrees. Their dedication and drive will propel them to success, and I wish them all the best in their future endeavors. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, due to the funeral of a personal friend, I was unable to vote on Thursday, February 16, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 99, H.J. Res. 43, Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by Secretary of Health and Human Services relating to compliance with title X requirements by project recipients in selecting subrecipients and YEA on Roll Call No. 98, H.J. Res. 69, Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of the Interior relating to NonSubsistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Participation and Closure Procedures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska. f 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for the following Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted the following: 1.‘‘NAY’’ on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of both H.R. 428 and H.J. Res. 42 2. ‘‘NAY’’ on H. Res. 99 3. ‘‘NAY’’ on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of both H.J. Res. 66 and H.J. Res. 67 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D164) 
H.J. Res. 38, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule. Signed on February 16, 2017. (Public Law 115–5) f 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4:30 p.m., Monday, February 20 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2:30 p.m., Tuesday, February 21 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 2:30 p.m. 
HOUSE Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E221 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E221 Kennedy, Joseph P., III, Mass., E221, E221 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E221, E222 Trott, David A., Mich., E222  