Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, the campaign rhetoric and politics of the last 7 years now must confront the reality of health care. No political party can repeal the basic economics. All of the features that make health insurance policies better today—the elimination of life-time limits on health insurance pay-ments; preventing denial for pre-existing conditions; charging women the same premium as men, not more; keeping children on their parents’ in-surance policies until age 26—are wild-ly popular, but they all increase the cost of insurance. We cannot allow people to wait until they are sick to get a policy. That un-dermines the very concept of insur-ance, hence, the mandate to have health insurance. The truth is that the impact of the Affordable Care Act has resulted in healthcare costs rising more slowly than before the act. We have expanded coverage and subsidized care for mil-lions of Americans, while improving the quality of health insurance. All of these reforms are, in fact, working. A reckless act to repeal something that is now baked into the healthcare system on which millions of Americans rely and benefit from—indeed, the en-tire system benefits from—would have serious destabilizing effects beyond the loss of coverage for almost 30 million Americans. Republican efforts to weak-en Medicaid for the poor and disabled and undermine Medicare for the elderly means that almost 100 million Ameri-cans have their health care at risk. We will begin the battle fighting any effort by the new administration and the suddenly empowered Republican majority to act on their campaign rhetoric abolishing ObamaCare but not providing a replacement. A repeal without a clear alternative replace-ment at the same time is unacceptable. It is not just unacceptable to Demo-crats in Congress. It is unacceptable to millions of recently insured Ameri-cans—in fact, millions found in red States—unacceptable to healthcare professionals, insurance companies, hospitals, and the vast array of other people involved with the healthcare in-dustry. Most importantly, it is unac-ceptable to our families. The most unpopular feature of ObamaCare was the name, suggesting, perhaps, a simple solution. When iden-tified with the President, the Afford-able Care Act provisions were 20 per-cent more unpopular than when the act was described in exactly the same terms but the name was different. So perhaps we just allow the Republicans to abolish ‘‘ObamaCare’’ and then get back down to work doing what we should have been doing for the last 7 years: making the Affordable Care Act better. By all means, let’s look for ways to make the system less burdensome. We can continue to demand account-ability, but allow some competition with value-based purchasing and nego-tiation of prescription drug prices by the largest pharmaceutical customer in the world: the Federal Government. Dealing with skyrocketing prescription drug prices and other outrageous prac-tices by some in the pharmaceutical industry will find broad support in and out of Congress. When the Republican majority and the new administration get serious about a replacement that keeps all of their campaign promises and protects the industry from chaos and consumers from loss of essential coverage, there will be plenty of bipartisan coopera-tion. But any effort of breaking that fundamental promise by denying cov-erage and upsetting the healthcare ap-plecart will be met with strong opposi-tion, and, ultimately, they will lose. For the sake of the American fami-lies and the people who provide health care, not only should they lose, they must lose. We must stand strong and united on that proposition. f 
TRIBUTE TO DEAN BORG The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ) for 5 minutes. Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor veteran Iowa jour-nalist Dean Borg and to offer my con-gratulations on his upcoming retire-ment from Iowa Public Television’s ‘‘Iowa Press.’’ Dean Borg is a leader in Iowa, in our community, and his contributions to over four decades of ‘‘Iowa Press’’ are unparalleled. His presence on Iowa Public Television’s respected weekly news program will surely be missed. A native of Forest City, Borg at-tended Iowa State University and began his journalism career at WOI Radio while still a student. Earning de-grees in journalism and public edu-cation from Iowa State University and the University of Iowa, Borg served as a reporter and later as news director for WMT Radio and WMT Television stations in Cedar Rapids. His career path is an example of how Iowa hard work, talent, and dedication can set you on the path to achieving remark-able successes in life. Dean Borg’s first appearance on ‘‘Iowa Press’’ took place on January 16, 1972, during the program’s fourth epi-sode, as a panelist, while still working for WMT News. The other panelists who joined him that day were Iowa State Representative Frank Bowers, a Democrat from Orange City, and John McCormally, of the Burlington Hawk Eye newspaper. Borg later went on to host the television program for dec-ades, providing the insightful com-mentary and leadership of discussions with numerous guests from around the State and country. Borg’s commitment to Iowa Public Television, work moderating nation-ally broadcast Presidential debates and beyond, has set the bar high for aspir-ing journalists in Iowa and across the country. From his contributions to the show’s decades of broadcasts to his documen-tary reporting from around the world, Dean Borg has spent a career dedicated to providing folks with national and statewide news. With this type of com-mitment, it is not surprising Borg has interviewed every President since Lyn-don B. Johnson and many of the Presi-dential contenders who travel through our first-in-the-Nation State. I can attest to Dean Borg’s dedica-tion to his craft personally, as I have had the honor of getting to know him— I have been on the ‘‘Iowa Press’’ show with him—as a Member of Congress and throughout my career working for the people of Iowa. He is the longest serving program host in Iowa Public Television history, a significant feat. He is an award-win-ning journalist, an Iowa State distin-guished alumnus, and a trailblazer in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.002 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H241 January 10, 2017 
Iowa journalism, defending the craft and defending journalists. While Dean will officially retire from ‘‘Iowa Press’’ this month, I look for-ward to his return for special occasions and live broadcasts. Dean is the epitome of Iowa nice: a humble, but bold Iowan putting the in-terests of his fellow Iowans over him-self, dedicated to truth, to his craft, and dedicated to service, dedicated to his fellow Iowans. Dean is a very good and true man. Mr. Speaker, please join me in con-gratulating Dean Borg on his distin-guished career and wishing him the best in his retirement. Dean, I will miss you. If I don’t see you soon, I will see you at the Iowa State Fair. 
f 
b1015 DANGERS OF REPEALING THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) for 5 minutes. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage my colleagues to put peo-ple before politics. As we speak, the Senate is moving to strip millions of families of their healthcare coverage and replace it with, well, nothing. Now, I know that some of my col-leagues ran on a platform of repealing the Affordable Care Act, and now they feel boxed in by politics. But let’s be very clear about this. The political stakes of repealing the Affordable Care Act without a replacement are nothing compared to the terrible human cost. I would like to share with my col-leagues the experience of Suzie Clay-ton, my constituent from North Canaan, Connecticut. ‘‘The ACA had a huge, positive impact on my life,’’ Suzie wrote to me last week. Because Suzie is a breast cancer survivor, a pre-existing condition, it was nearly im-possible for her to get decent healthcare coverage before the ACA. ‘‘All that we had put away in retire-ment funds, nearly $70,000, had to be tapped in order to cover our health costs,’’ she wrote. If it weren’t for the coverage she gained through the Af-fordable Care Act, she and her husband would have lost everything they had worked for, quite likely, including their home. Instead, with the ACA, her family is once again saving for retirement, com-pleting some overdue home repairs, and getting their medical needs taken care of at an affordable price. All of that will go away if this House follows through on its political crusade to wipe away the Affordable Care Act without a replacement. Mr. Speaker, there are millions of Suzie Claytons in this country, mil-lions of people who will lose their homes, lose their savings, and some will even lose their lives if this Con-gress repeals the Affordable Care Act without a replacement. In my home State of Connecticut alone, 180,000 people who have gained coverage since the ACA was imple-mented stand to lose their health care. That includes 43,000 children. Think about that for a moment. If Congress repeals the ACA and doesn’t replace it with anything, 43,000 chil-dren just in my State will lose their health coverage. When those children get sick, too many of their parents will be faced with a heart-wrenching choice: bankrupt the family to pay for their child’s medical care or go without the health services their child needs to get better. All of us here who are parents know that that isn’t really a choice. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues who are beating the drum for wholesale elimination of the Affordable Care Act: How can you, in good conscience, take away the health care from 43,000 chil-dren in my State just to score a polit-ical point? How can you throw our healthcare system into chaos just be-cause you are in a political jam? Let’s work together. Let’s work to-gether to improve our healthcare sys-tem. Let’s forge a sensible, bipartisan approach to lower healthcare costs and ensure access to quality care for every-one. The politics of ObamaCare, no matter how fraught and divisive, should not, must not take priority over the well- being of the American people that we are here to serve. 
f 
WOMEN’S MARCH ON WASHINGTON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, let me tell you where I will not be on Inau-guration Day. I will not be here or out-side at the inauguration ceremony. I will be in Washington late that evening because the event that I am going to is on January 21. It is the Women’s March on Washington. You can get more information on Facebook, which is how I heard about it, or should I say, how my wife, Soraida, heard about it. I said to her a little after the election: You know, honey, I don’t think I can go to D.C. and watch Donald Trump get sworn in. And she said: Oh, you are going to D.C., just not for that. And she told me about the Women’s March. She said: You and I are going together. Now, I can already hear the phones ringing in my office with people calling to say: Oh, you Democrats are sore los-ers and you just hate Republicans. No. I went to George Bush’s inau-guration and I work with Republicans all the time. Just read Breitbart, which seems to write an article anytime I even glance favorably at a Republican colleague. But this is different. I knew that George W. Bush and I would disagree on many issues from trade to health care, to the war in Iraq, but I never thought that George W. Bush was try-ing to make my own country hostile to me personally, to my wife, to my daughters, to my grandson. I never felt he was a threat to the Nation that I love so deeply and have served now for more than a quarter of a century. The reason that I am not going is that I cannot bring myself to justify morally or intellectually the immense power we are placing in that man’s hands. I could not look at my wife, my daughters, or my grandson in the eye if I sat there and attended as if every-thing that the candidate said about the women, about the Latinos, the Blacks, the Muslims or any of the other things he said in those speeches and tweets, and that all of that is okay or erased from our collective memory. We all heard the tape when Donald Trump was bragging—bragging—about grabbing women by their private parts without their consent. It is something I just can’t unhear, bragging to that guy on TV that he would grab women below the belt, as if that was hitting on them. Sorry. It is never okay. It is never just locker room talk. It is offen-sive and, if he ever actually did it, it is a crime. I hang out with Republicans, with Republican-elected officials in an ac-tual locker room in the Rayburn Build-ing, and if they ever started talking like that, I wouldn’t just walk away. I would tell them to their faces that they are wrong, and I wouldn’t allow it to go unnoticed or dismissed as normal or excusable. I don’t know a Repub-lican colleague of mine in this body who would let that type of comment just slide as if it were just okay. So that is why I will hold hands with my wife and march with the women on January 21 in D.C. And that is why I am calling on all of my progressive al-lies to come and march with the women as well. If you care about a liv-ing wage, come and join the women. If you care about the environment, come and join the march. We know as a soci-ety that when women win, we all win. So I plan to be there. It is deeply personal and deeply pa-triotic to march, to make my opinions known by walking with my allies arm in arm. I want to be able to look at my two beautiful Latina daughters and my beautiful half-Puerto Rican, half-Mexi-can, but 100 percent American grand-son, Luis Andres, in the eye with a clear conscience. When the new President denigrates Latinos or Mexicans or immigrants as drug dealers and criminals, I want to be able to say that I did not condone or allow that type of speech to go main-stream. That was not normalized on my watch. Because the future President said that the American-born children of im-migrants were not capable of being American judges, I cannot sit there as if this inauguration is okay and I for-gave him. I am deeply honored to return to the U.S. Congress, and I want to thank the people of the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict. My constituents knew that when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.004 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH242 January 10, 2017 
they voted for me, I would be a fighter; and I don’t intend to let them down. If the new President comes for the Muslims, I will be a Muslim. If they come for Planned Parenthood, I will stand with Planned Parenthood. When they deny climate science, I will make my voice heard. I will use whatever peaceful means available to make sure the words and the actions of our new President do not become the new mainstream and nor-mal in America. That, Mr. Speaker, is why I will not be here for Inauguration Day and why I will be marching with my wife and with a million women from across this country. 
f 
THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT—DO NO HARM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ERA) for 5 minutes. Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, today I rise not as a Member of Congress, but as a doctor. When I graduated medical school and took that oath, there are two core ethics that we take when we take that oath: to do good. And that is exactly what we tried to do when this body passed the Affordable Care Act. It was about doing good. It was about giv-ing people basic access to health care. That is a good thing. The Affordable Care Act is not per-fect, but let’s keep doing good. Let’s fix it. Let’s address the cost of health care. Let’s make sure people can afford their medications. That is doing good. Another core ethic that we take when we enter the profession of medi-cine as a physician is to do no harm. If this body repeals the Affordable Care Act, we are going to harm 20 million Americans that now have access to health care that didn’t have it prior to the Affordable Care Act. We shouldn’t do harm. Let me put it into real context. I am a primary care internist. My wife is also a primary care internist. You can tell we have exciting conversations at our house. I was asking her the other day what the Affordable Care Act meant to her as a physician, and she was sharing a story of a patient that she had cared for for years. This was a patient that had diabetes and hypertension, high blood pressure. We know these are silent killers. If you don’t control your diabetes, if you don’t control your blood pressure, it can have devastating consequences leading to heart attacks, leading to strokes. It is one of the leading causes of death in America. But if you control it, you can prevent all of these ill-nesses and people can live a normal, healthy life. So my wife—she is a very good doc-tor—had her patient under good con-trol. The patient stopped coming in to see her—maybe the patient moved away or something happened—for a couple of years. And then about 2 years ago, the patient came back in. Once she came in, her blood sugars, her dia-betes was out of control; her blood pressure was out of control. My wife looked at this patient and just said: Well, what happened? How come you stopped taking your diabetes medicine? How come you stopped tak-ing your blood pressure medicine? She said: Well, Doc, in the recession, I lost my job. I lost my health insur-ance coverage. I couldn’t get the medi-cations. And then she said: But you know what? With the Affordable Care Act with Covered California, I was able to get health insurance again. I was able to come in and see you. It wasn’t too late for this patient. My wife was able to get her back on her medications, get her back on her blood pressure medicine, get her blood pres-sure and diabetes under control, and, hopefully, there is no permanent dam-age. But if we do harm and repeal the Af-fordable Care Act, we are going to do irreparable damage to 20 million and more Americans who are just like this patient, who need their health care covered, who need their access to medi-cations. That is what this is about. Mr. Speaker, let’s do what we are trained to do as physicians and what this body should do. Let’s do good by making sure people have better cov-erage, affordable coverage, and better access to health care. Let’s definitely make sure we do not do any harm by repealing the Affordable Care Act. Let’s make sure we fix it and make it better. 
f 
STATE SPONSORS OF TERROR RE-VIEW ENHANCEMENT ACT—115TH CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) for 5 minutes. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, today I will reintroduce my bill, the State Sponsors of Terrorism Review Enhancement Act. This legislation passed the full House last Congress unanimously. I hope this Chamber will once again take up this commonsense legislation and pass it as soon as possible. The designation of a foreign govern-ment as a ‘‘State Sponsor of Ter-rorism’’ is one of the United States’ most powerful statements that we can give on another statement. Besides imposing sanctions, the stamp of ‘‘State Sponsor of Terrorism’’ labels a state untouchable to the inter-national community. b1030 This pariah status is much deserved as these are states that support the killing of innocent people as a matter of policy. Under current law, in order for a state to be delisted, the President of the United States only needs to certify that the country being considered for delisting has not engaged in supporting terrorism for a paltry 6 months. We are talking 6 months to be delisted. Con-sidering the heinous acts of violence these countries have supported in the past, we should not be allowing them to be delisted after only 6 months. To address this, my legislation will— and, again, it passed last Congress unanimously—quadruple the time a designated country must refrain from sponsoring terrorism, before the Presi-dent can remove it from the sponsor list, from 6 to 24 months; increase con-gressional oversight by doubling the time Congress has to review the Presi-dent’s proposed removal from 45 to 90 days; establish a uniform process through which Congress can disapprove of the President’s decision to remove a country from that list; and require the administration to notify and brief Con-gress upon initiating a review of a des-ignated country’s potential removal from the list. This legislation will assert congres-sional scrutiny and oversight and hope-fully bring to an end politically moti-vated delistings. Successive adminis-trations—both Republican and Demo-crat alike—delisted countries based on their presidency’s legacy rather than the facts. This will stop absurd delistings like that of North Korea in 2008. North Korea was delisted in exchange for their promises of dismantling their nuclear program. However, 9 years and 5 nuclear tests later, they remain off the list. This rescission from the list has enabled North Korea to engage in supporting terrorism abroad. By in-creasing the amount of time for a state to not be engaged in terrorism and in-creasing congressional oversight and scrutiny, my legislation will not allow mistakes such as this delisting of North Korea’s to take place. I want to remind people that this passed unanimously, and we hope that we will get the support again. 
f 
SECRETARY OF EDUCATION NOMINEE BETSY D
EVOS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I come to the House floor today to join my colleagues from the great State of Ohio. I come here because we have a statement that we want to make to voice to not only the citizens of Ohio but to this great country. I am honored to join Congresswoman M
ARCY KAPTUR and Congresswoman M
ARCIA FUDGE , two women who have been in the battle for our citizens, but, more importantly, for our students, for education, and for our teachers. So today, Mr. Speaker, I demand that Betsy DeVos, President-elect Trump’s nominee for Secretary of Education, repay the $5.3 million—yes, Mr. Speak-er, I am going to say that again—$5.3 million in fines owed by her political action committee, All Children Matter, to my home State of Ohio. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.006 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H243 January 10, 2017 
The PAC’s contempt for Ohio cam-paign finance laws by illegally fun-neling contributions from a nationwide PAC to an unregistered Ohio affiliate is troublesome. And its refusal to pay these fines to the State of Ohio is dis-graceful as the debt is nearly a decade old. Can you imagine what would happen if a student refused to pay something that they owed to a university or to the State? I don’t have to answer that. We all know what would happen. Mr. Speaker, I ask: How can the pub-lic trust Ms. DeVos to ensure borrowers repay their student loans in a timely manner when the group she chaired failed to pay fines that were imposed nearly a decade ago? The fines owed to the State of Ohio—the $5.3 million—be-longs to the taxpayers of Ohio. And every time, Mr. Speaker, I say $5.3 mil-lion, I am going to say it twice because she owes $5.3 million that belongs to the taxpayers of Ohio. This is money that could be used to pay for more teachers and other initiatives to help educate Ohio’s children. We cannot let her skirt the system and cheat Ohio taxpayers. No, we can-not let her be nominated and confirmed to be over our educational system. I urge her to repay the $5.3 million in fines prior to her Senate confirmation hearing next week. 
f 
PRESIDENT-ELECT TRUMP’S CABINET The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, in Amer-ica, we expect no one to be above the law. But, what happens if someone is super rich and breaks the law? Today, I rise to place on the Record a demand that the President-elect’s Cabinet nominee for Secretary of Edu-cation, Betsy DeVos of Michigan, im-mediately pay fines she owes to the State of Ohio. These obligations total $5.3 million, just as Congresswoman J
OYCE BEATTY  stated in her opening statement, and also Congresswoman M
ARCIA FUDGE , who will speak subsequent to my own remarks. This is an enormous amount of money owed to the State of Ohio in unpaid fines and levied late penalties for Ms. DeVos’ political organization for campaign finance violations in Ohio. They broke Ohio law. These are the largest fines ever levied in Ohio history, dating back to 2008. Essen-tially, the political organization Ms. DeVos led violated Ohio’s election laws. Betsy DeVos of Michigan was in charge of the political action com-mittee known as All Children Matter, based in Virginia. During her chairwomanship, she broke Ohio’s elec-tion laws which impose spending dona-tion limits of $10,000 per candidate. She, in fact, violated those limits by funneling national PAC money, over $870,000 of it, to Ohio’s State can-didates—incidentally, all Republican candidates. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  these names and the amounts of money they received. 
OHIOCANDIDATES WHORECEIVED DIRECT CON-
TRIBUTIONS FROM BETSY DEVOS’ FEDERAL  PAC—A
LLCHILDREN MATTER  Blackwell, J. Kenneth & Raga, Thomas, $10,000; Husted, Jon A, $10,000; Raussen, Jim, $7,500; Bacon, Kevin, $6,000; Harris, Bill, $5,000; Montgomery, Betty, $5,000; Taylor, Mary, $5,000; Bubp, Danny, $4,000; Coughlin, Kevin, $4,000; Luther, Brant, $4,000. Patton, Thomas F, $4,000; White, Dan, $4000; Adams, John W, $3,000; Bowling, Marcus U, $2,500; Buehrer, Stephen, $2,500; McGregor, Jim, $2,500; Brinkman, Thomas, $2,000; Cousineau, Thomas, $2,000; Fink, Deborah Owens, $2,000; Mandel, Josh, $2,000. McLaurin, Donald K, $2,000; Farmer, Kyle J, $1,500; Goodman, David, $1,500; Peterson, Jon M, $1,500; Seitz, William J, $1,500; Setzer, Arlene J, $1,500; Batchelder III, William G, $1,000; Dolan, Matthew J, $1,000; Faber, Keith Lloyd, $1,000; Hite, Cliff, $1,000. Jordan, Kris, $1,000; Niehaus, Tom, $1,000; Schindel, Carol-Ann, $1,000; Wagoner, Mark, $1,000; Adams, Richard N, $500; Jones, Shan-non, $500; Ohio House Republican Campaign Cmte, $500; Rankin, Tim, $500; Whiston, Tom, $500; Young, Tom, $500. Source: The Columbus Dispatch and FollowtheMoney.org 
Ms. KAPTUR. All these candidates pledged to advocate for privatizing public school education through vouch-ers once elected into office. The Ohio Election Commission, com-prised of an equal number of Repub-licans and Democrats, swiftly and unanimously levied a record fine against her organization in 2008. Their decision was subsequently vetted and upheld by a Republican judge in a State court. Yet, now nearly a decade later, nei-ther Betsy DeVos nor All Children Matter has paid their penalty of $5.3 million to the citizens of Ohio. Indeed, the State of Ohio prior to her violations had even informed Ms. DeVos by issuing a legal opinion that such contributions from her national PAC would be illegal to State can-didates, and she willfully ignored them and that opinion. No one, no matter how wealthy, should be above the law. And who exactly were the State can-didates that received a direct campaign contribution from Betsy DeVos’ polit-ical action committee All Children Matter? You will notice a few can-didates still serving in Ohio office, in-cluding Lieutenant Governor Mary Taylor, Secretary of State Jon Husted, State Treasurer Josh Mandel, and Ohio Senate President Keith Faber. Former Ohio gubernatorial candidate J. Ken-neth Blackwell also received a direct contribution. Mr. Blackwell now leads the President-elect’s domestic policy transition team. In addition, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, Betsy DeVos gave direct contributions to at least 20 current Members of the United States Senate. These are the same Senators who will now confirm her for her Sec-retary of Education position. Talk about pay to play and a real need to drain the swamp, the Presi-dent-elect ought to start in his own backyard. The $5.3 million fine that Betsy DeVos’ political organization owes to Ohio could pay for better education for Ohio’s children. It is outrageous that a candidate for Secretary of Education holds herself above the law and fails to make good on outstanding fines im-posed nearly 10 years ago. Public records indicate she personally has a net worth of over $5.1 billion. The New York Times today has a front page story by Noam Scheiber that includes a quote from a writer and scholar who observes about the life of Ms. DeVos. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  this article as well. 
[From the New York Times, Jan. 9, 2017] B
ETSY DEVOS, TRUMP ’SEDUCATION PICK, P
LAYS HARDBALL WITHHERWEALTH  (By Noam Scheiber) After Tom Casperson, a Republican state senator from Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, began running for Congress in 2016, he as-sumed the family of Betsy DeVos, President- elect Donald J. Trump’s nominee to be edu-cation secretary, would not oppose him. The DeVoses, a dominant force in Michi-gan politics for decades with a fortune in the billions, had contributed to one of Mr. Casperson’s earlier campaigns. But a week before his primary, family members sent $24,000 to one of his opponents, then poured $125,000 into a ‘‘super PAC,’’ Concerned Tax-payers of America, that ran ads attacking him. The reason, an intermediary told Mr. Casperson: his support from organized labor. ‘‘Deceitful, dishonest and cowardly,’’ was how Mr. Casperson’s campaign described the ads, complaining that the groups running them ‘‘won’t say who they are or where their money is coming from.’’ On Primary Day, Mr. Casperson went down to defeat. In announcing his intention to nominate Ms. DeVos, Mr. Trump described her as ‘‘a brilliant and passionate education advo-cate.’’ Even critics characterized her as a dedicated, if misguided, activist for school reform. But that description understates both the breadth of Ms. DeVos’s political in-terests and the influence she wields as part of her powerful family. More than anyone else who has joined the incoming Trump ad-ministration, she represents the combination of wealth, free-market ideology and political hardball associated with a better-known family of billionaires: Charles and David Koch. ‘‘They have this moralized sense of the free market that leads to this total program to turn back the ideas of the New Deal, the wel-fare state,’’ Kim Phillips-Fein, a historian who has written extensively about the con-servative movement, said, describing the DeVoses. Ms. DeVos declined to be interviewed for this article. Like the Kochs, the DeVoses are generous supporters of think tanks that evangelize for unrestrained capitalism, like Michigan’s Acton Institute, and that rail against unions and back privatizing public services, like the Mackinac Center. They have also funded national groups dedicated to cutting back the role of govern-ment, including the National Center for Pol-icy Analysis (which has pushed for Social Se-curity privatization and against environ-mental regulation) and the Institute for Jus-tice (which challenges regulations in court and defends school vouchers). Both organiza-tions have also received money from the Koch family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.007 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH244 January 10, 2017 
Indeed, the DeVoses’ education activism, which favors alternatives to traditional pub-lic schools, appears to derive from the same free-market views that inform their sus-picion of government. And perhaps more than other right-wing billionaires, the DeVoses couple their seeding of ideological causes with an aggressive brand of political spending. Half a dozen or more extended fam-ily members frequently coordinate contribu-tions to maximize their impact. In the 2016 cycle alone, according to the Michigan Campaign Finance Network, the family spent roughly $14 million on political contributions to state and national can-didates, parties, PACs and super PACs. All of this would make Ms. DeVos—whose confirmation hearing has been delayed until next week amid mounting pressure that her government ethics review be completed be-forehand—very different from past education secretaries. ‘‘She is the most emblematic kind of oli-garchic figure you can put in a cabinet posi-tion,’’ said Jeffrey Winters, a political sci-entist at Northwestern University who stud-ies economic elites. ‘‘What she and the Kochs have in common is the unbridled use of wealth power to achieve whatever political goals they have.’’ 
BIRTH OF A POWER COUPLE  Ms. DeVos, 59, grew up in Holland, Mich., the daughter of a conservative auto parts magnate who was an early founder of the Family Research Council, a conservative Christian group. When she married Dick DeVos in 1979, it was akin to a merger be-tween two royal houses of western Michigan. Her husband’s father, Richard Sr., co- founder of the multilevel marketing com-pany Amway, was an active member of the Christian Reformed Church that preached a mix of social conservatism and self-reliance. He once told the church’s official magazine that Chicago’s poor dwelled in slums because that was ‘‘the way they choose to live,’’ ac-cording to a Washington Post story from the 1980s. A fan of Rolls-Royces and pinkie rings, Richard Sr. wrote books with titles like ‘‘Ten Powerful Phrases for Positive People.’’ A similar air hung over his business. Amway sales representatives, which the company calls ‘‘independent business own-ers,’’ make money both by selling the com-pany’s products—everything from perfume to toilet bowl cleaner—and by recruiting other sales representatives. The Federal Trade Commission once inves-tigated the company for running a pyramid scheme before concluding that it had misled potential recruits about how much they could expect to earn. The flip side of the family’s proselytizing for capitalism, according to Professor Phil-lips-Fein, has been an effort to dismantle much ‘‘that would counterbalance the power of economic elites.’’ Amway funded a nationwide ad campaign in the early 1980s, protesting high taxes and regulations. Not long after, the company pleaded guilty to cheating the Canadian gov-ernment out of more than $20 million in rev-enue. The family had a more winning public face in Dick DeVos, who combined the practiced empathy of a pitchman with the entitlement of an heir, spending over $30 million on an unsuccessful run for governor of Michigan in 2006. The Detroit Free Press described him that year as the wealthiest man to seek of-fice in the state’s modern history. Betsy DeVos, who served as chairwoman of the Michigan Republican Party for most of the decade between 1996 and 2005, has often played the role of strategist in the relation-ship. She was a key adviser in her husband’s run for governor and publicly brooded that he had been too gentlemanly in his first de-bate against the incumbent. ‘‘He’s very good with people, a retail politi-cian who looks you in the eye, shakes your hand, listens to what you say,’’ said Randy Richardville, a former Republican leader of the Michigan Senate, describing the couple’s strengths. ‘‘I would never underestimate Betsy DeVos in a knife fight.’’ Ms. DeVos has sometimes lacked her hus-band’s finesse, once famously blaming many of the state’s economic woes on ‘‘high wages.’’ She has won detractors, by their ac-count, by browbeating legislators into voting her way. ‘‘Betsy DeVos was like my 4-year-old granddaughter at the time,’’ said Mike Pumford, a former Republican state rep-resentative who once clashed with her. ‘‘They were both sweet ladies as long as they kept hearing the word ‘yes.’ They turned into spoiled little brats when they were told ‘no.’’’ But Ms. DeVos has often made up for what she lacks in tact through sheer force of will. Mr. Richardville said he and Ms. DeVos disagreed over term limits, which she sup-ported as party chairwoman and he opposed: ‘‘I said, ‘I don’t think you should be setting policy. You should be supporting those of us who do make policy.’ But she never backed down.’’ While Dick and Betsy DeVos appear to practice a more tolerant form of Christianity than their parents—Ms. DeVos has spoken out against anti-gay bigotry—as recently as the early 2000s they funded some groups like Focus on the Family, a large ministry that helps set the political agenda for conserv-ative evangelicals. They have also backed groups that promote conservative values to students and Christian education, including one with ties to the Christian Reformed Church. Their economic views are strikingly simi-lar to the elder Mr. DeVos’s. According to federal disclosures, Amway, which Dick DeVos ran between 1993 and 2002, has lobbied frequently over the last 20 years to reduce or repeal the estate tax. Only the top 0.2 percent wealthiest estates paid the tax in 2015. The company has also opposed crackdowns on tax shelters. Ms. DeVos has been an outspoken defender of unlimited contributions known as soft money, which she described in a 1997 edi-torial as ‘‘hard-earned American dollars that Big Brother has yet to find a way to con-trol.’’ After Congress later passed a major cam-paign finance reform bill, a nonprofit that Ms. DeVos helped to create and fund master-minded the strategy that produced Citizens United, the 2010 Supreme Court decision lay-ing the groundwork for super PACs funded by corporations, unions and individuals to raise and spend unlimited amounts in elec-tions. And then there are the family’s efforts to rein in the labor movement. Through their contributions to think tanks like the Mackinac Center, as well as Mr. DeVos’s direct prodding of Republican legislators, the family played a key role in helping pass Michigan’s so-called right-to- work legislation in 2012. The legislation largely ended the requirement that workers pay fees to unions as a condition of employ-ment. Unions in the state bled members in 2014, the first full year the measure was in effect. Allies say the DeVoses fight for their be-liefs. ‘‘Betsy and Dick see themselves as principled conservatives,’’ said Frederick Hess of the American Enterprise Institute. ‘‘It kind of seems healthy and admirable to give resources to folks who are going to fight for causes you believe in.’’ But the fights can appear to be as much about consolidating power as ideology. Unions were arguably the family’s most for-midable political opponent in Michigan, one of labor’s traditional strongholds. CHANGES IN MICHIGAN  The DeVos family’s roots as education ac-tivists date back at least to when Richard DeVos Sr. was running Amway and an insti-tute based at the company’s headquarters trained teachers to inject free-market prin-ciples into their curriculum. According to an interview Ms. DeVos gave to Philanthropy magazine, she and her hus-band became interested in education causes when they began visiting a Christian school that served low-income children in Grand Rapids in the 1980s. ‘‘If we could choose the right school for our kids’’—by which she appeared to mean pri-marily private schools—‘‘it only seemed fair that they could do the same for theirs,’’ she told the magazine. The family spent millions of dollars on a ballot proposal in 2000 asking if Michigan should legalize vouchers, in which students can use taxpayer money to attend private schools. Many critics, like the education historian Diane Ravitch, argue that the point of vouchers is to destroy public education and teachers’ unions. The group Americans United for Separation of Church and State has documented how conservative Christians have long supported vouchers, which could fund religious schools. After voters objected by more than a two- to-one ratio, Dick DeVos gave a speech at the Heritage Foundation saying such efforts would have to shift to state legislatures, where groups backed by deep-pocketed do-nors could offer ‘‘a political consequence for opposition, and political reward for support of education reform issues.’’ It is not unusual for the wealthy—who de-vote nearly 50 percent of their philanthropic dollars to education, according to the group Wealth-X—to spend aggressively in the polit-ical realm to impose their preferred reforms. Even by these standards, however, the DeVoses stand out for the amount of money they spend trying to advance their goals through politics rather than philanthropy, such as research into reforms or subsidizing schools. As Sarah Reckhow, an expert on education philanthropy at Michigan State University, put it: ‘‘The DeVoses are like: ‘No, we know what we want. We don’t need to have all this window dressing.’’’ Ms. DeVos has led two nonprofits that have spent millions of dollars electing governors and legislators sympathetic to school vouch-ers around the country. Matt Frendewey, a spokesman for one of the groups, said the efforts had frequently been bipartisan, and that the amount of money they had spent has been dwarfed by contributions from teachers’ unions opposed to reform. Yet in Michigan, at least, the family’s political strategy has not been sub-tle. After he defied Ms. DeVos on a key charter school vote, Mr. Pumford, the former Repub-lican legislator, survived an effort by the Great Lakes Education Project, a nonprofit the DeVoses bankrolled, to defeat him in his 2002 primary. But shortly after, the House speaker told him the Education Committee chairmanship he coveted would not be forthcoming. ‘‘I said, ‘Why?’’’ Mr. Pumford recalled. ‘‘He said: ‘You know why. The DeVoses will walk away from us.’’’ Mr. Pumford added: ‘‘She told me that was going to happen.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.007 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H245 January 10, 2017 
(Rick Johnson, the House speaker, said he did not recall the conversation but also that he had not promised Mr. Pumford the chair-manship and would not have explained his reasons for withholding it.) Over time, the Great Lakes Education Project helped elect Republican majorities sympathetic to the DeVoses’ agenda. But the DeVoses’ lobbyists and operatives also dis-covered less messy ways to advance legisla-tion. Late one night of their last workweek in 2015, the Michigan House and Senate were about to approve some uncontroversial changes to campaign finance law, when the bill abruptly grew by more than 40 pages. After the legislators discovered what they had voted for, many said they were horrified. Tucked away in the new pages was a provi-sion that would have made it much harder for local bodies like school boards to raise money through property tax increases. ‘‘Michigan schools will likely suffer the brunt of the impact because the vast major-ity rely on periodic voter approval of local operating levy renewals for property taxes,’’ the ratings agency Moody’s wrote of the measure the following month. ‘‘I was fooled into voting for something I opposed,’’ said Dave Pagel, a Republican rep-resentative. ‘‘I consider it the worst vote I’ve made.’’ The chief culprits, according to Mr. Pagel and others at the state Capitol when the bill passed, were lobbyists closely tied to the DeVoses. Tony Daunt, a spokesman for the Michigan Freedom Fund, a nonprofit headed by the DeVoses’ longtime political aide, and whose political spending arm they have funded gen-erously, said the group was ‘‘part of the dis-cussion process with people in the legisla-ture’’ about the proposal and ‘‘had consist-ently expressed support for the policy.’’ The law was later blocked by a federal judge, but the group has vowed to try again. 
RADICAL SUSPICIONS  Ms. DeVos’s advocates see in these fights the toughness to take on entrenched oppo-nents of expanding reforms like charter schools and vouchers. In promoting Ms. DeVos in The Wash-ington Post, Mitt Romney, the Republican Party’s 2012 presidential nominee, empha-sized that her wealth gave her the independ-ence to be ‘‘someone who isn’t financially bi-ased shaping education.’’ He added, ‘‘DeVos doesn’t need the job now, nor will she be looking for an education job later.’’ But critics see someone with an unmistak-able agenda. ‘‘The signs are there that she will do something radical,’’ said Jack Jen-nings, a former general counsel for the House education committee. ‘‘Trump wouldn’t have appointed this woman for this position if he didn’t intend something radical.’’ 
Ms. KAPTUR. The article states: ‘‘She is the most emblematic kind of oligarchic figure you can put in a cabi-net position. . . . What she and the Kochs have in common is the unbridled use of wealth power to achieve what-ever political goals they have.’’ If confirmed, Betsy DeVos would be responsible for administering our Na-tion’s student loan portfolio and would have to ensure borrowers repay their loans in a timely manner. Yet, how can we believe she will demonstrate sound judgment in her responsibilities or be a role model when her own political or-ganization has blatantly avoided pay-ing legally obligated fines for her vio-lations of Ohio’s election laws? Mr. Speaker, Betsy DeVos’ attempt to subvert the law and buy influence are diametrically opposed to every-thing the President-elect advised was wrong with America. He wants to drain the swamp. No one in America should be above the law, and neither should Betsy DeVos be above the law. She ought to pay the $5.3 million she owes the people of Ohio. f 
SECRETARY OF EDUCATION NOMINEE BETSY D
EVOS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. F
UDGE ) for 5 minutes. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues, Representa-tives B
EATTY and K APTUR , to address the Secretary of Education. Mr. Speaker, Betsy DeVos is an im-minent and present danger to all of America’s children. She does not sup-port public schools. Public schools are where 93 percent or better of all Amer-ica’s children attend. She opposes in-creased accountability and trans-parency in for-profit schools, and has a privatization agenda that can set pub-lic education back more than 50 years. Even more alarming, she breaks laws and does not pay her bills. DeVos has owed my home State of Ohio $5.3 mil-lion since 2008 for violating campaign finance laws. Despite repeated at-tempts to collect the money, she has failed to pay those fines. As ranking member of the Sub-committee on Early Childhood, Ele-mentary, and Secondary Education, I am deeply concerned about DeVos’ nomination for Secretary of Education. As a member of the Ohio delegation, I am appalled by her deliberate refusal to pay millions in fines she owes our State. We cannot give the purse strings of America’s education system to someone only concerned with her own bank account. And we cannot entrust the future of our children to a person who breaks the law, cozies up to Wall Street, and calls public schools, which I believe are the bedrock of our edu-cation system, a dead end. I urge my Senate colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on DeVos. The future of our coun-try and our children are at stake. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 42 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of the universe, we give You thanks for giving us another day. As the early days of the 115th Con-gress play out, we are mindful and grateful that our Nation has once again experienced something so often lacking in our world’s experience: the peaceful transition of government. Though major change of party con-trol did not take place in this Cham-ber, it is still the American experience that our streets are peaceful and win-ners and losers of elections move on with their lives in dignity. We thank You again for the inspira-tion of our Nation’s Founders and the legacy they left us with. May the Mem-bers of this assembly, and all Ameri-cans, be worthy of that legacy. And may all that is done in the peo-ple’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. BERGMAN led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
SWEARING IN OF MEMBER-ELECT The SPEAKER. Will the Representa-tive-elect please present himself in the well. Mr. S
CHRADER of Oregon appeared at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will sup-port and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the du-ties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.008 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH246 January 10, 2017 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations. You are now a Member of the 115th Con-gress. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express strong opposition to any attempted repeal of the Affordable Care Act. In North Carolina, more than 552,000 people have gained affordable health care through the Affordable Care Act. One of those residents is Mrs. Darlene Harris of Charlotte, North Carolina, who was born with a hole in her heart. Each and every breath she has taken has been a miracle. When her heart was beats away from rupturing, her husband’s insurance saved her life. Following his death, Darlene tried to cope without that in-surance, gambling with her own life. Thanks to the ACA, she is free from that awful burden. A repeal of the Affordable Care Act would condemn millions of hard-working Americans and their loved ones to the nightmare of the past when preexisting conditions were not cov-ered. It is imperative that we not ig-nore the pleas of our fellow Americans. It has and will continue to save the lives of our family, neighbors, and friends. I urge my colleagues to abso-lutely object to any repeal of the Af-fordable Care Act. f 
THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, this week kicks off the North American International Auto Show in Detroit. As a car guy all my life, I never missed the world’s premier automotive event, the greatest show on Earth. This year there is plenty to celebrate. Just yesterday, Fiat Chrysler an-nounced it would create 2,000 jobs and invest $1 billion to modernize manufac-turing plants in Michigan and Ohio. Last week, Ford scrapped plans for its facility in Mexico and instead promised to invest $700 million at the Flat Rock plant. This move will bring 700 new jobs to Michigan. These are exciting developments for our State’s economy and good paying jobs for our dedicated and talented workforce. Mr. Speaker, as everyone will see at this year’s auto show, Michigan con-tinues to lead the way in car manufac-turing. Working together, we can keep Michigan on the forefront of innova-tion and mobility and keep making the best cars and trucks in the world right in our backyard, the motor capital of the world. 
f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, let’s not make America sick again. I am deeply disappointed my Repub-lican colleagues are moving forward with their plan to undo the historic progress we have made by expanding health coverage under the Affordable Care Act, repealing it and leaving mil-lions of Americans with no coverage. While repeal and replace was an ab-stract talking point for years, it is clear that there is no plan for replace-ment, no plan. The new phrase ‘‘repeal and delay’’ will, in effect, be repeal and chaos, with no plan in place. Repeal will have real-life, personal impact on 30 million Americans who will stand to lose their health insur-ance. The options for the 129 million Americans with preexisting conditions who have newfound health security would disappear. We would be return-ing to a time of lifetime limits, annual caps for care, and consumers will be sold junk health plans at high costs. Not only will the newly insured suf-fer, repeal would destabilize the indi-vidual health insurance market and send the healthcare system into dis-array. Let’s don’t make America sick again. Let’s have no repeal without a replacement. f 
THANK YOU TO MICHIGAN’S FIRST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT (Mr. BERGMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say thank you to the people of Michigan’s First Congressional District for giving me the opportunity to rep-resent them in Congress. I would also like to thank my wife, Cindy, and our children and grandchildren for their constant and unwavering support. It is truly an honor and a privilege to be here, and I am so humbled to be doing the people’s work in the House of Representatives. I came to Congress not only to restore common sense and fiscal sanity to the Federal Govern-ment but, most importantly, to serve the constituents of Michigan’s First District and to be their voice in Wash-ington. We have a new opportunity ahead of us to bring industry and prosperity back to the American people, but it is up to us here in Congress to do the work and put in the long hours it will take to get there. My promise today is that I will work tirelessly for my dis-trict and do everything I can to make sure we are leaving a better country for our children and grandchildren. Again, thank you to the people of Michigan’s First Congressional District for this opportunity. 
f 
DON’T TURN YOUR BACK ON MILLIONS OF FAMILIES (Ms. TSONGAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, since the Affordable Care Act was signed into law, millions of Americans have gained access to valuable healthcare services, and every American has seen their health insurance benefits im-prove. While there are ways the Affordable Care Act can be improved, we cannot afford to go back to the days when big insurance companies had the power to decide what care Americans could re-ceive, deny coverage to children with diagnosed conditions, cancel coverage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.011 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H247 January 10, 2017 
when people got sick, and place limits on the amount of care people can re-ceive. Last week, Carol Lodi from Harvard, Massachusetts, in my district, called and told her story. She and her hus-band gained healthcare coverage under the Affordable Care Act. She is 61. Her husband is 63. They are self-employed. She said: ‘‘If we lose the insurance, we don’t know what we’ll do.’’ Mr. Speaker, please listen to the Lodi family and millions of other families like them. Don’t turn your back on them and make America sick again. 
f 
HONORING DR. PRISCILLA THOMAS (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Dr. Pris-cilla Thomas, a commissioner in Chat-ham County, Georgia, a champion of our area’s local youth and a Savannah native. In 1990, Dr. Thomas was first elected to serve as a commissioner in Chatham County. During her tenure, she became chairman pro tem and later the first minority and female vice chairman. However, long before she entered gov-ernment, Dr. Thomas was already dedi-cated to creating more opportunities and better lives for young people. She worked as a principal at Haven Elementary School in Savannah after earning her Ph.D. in educational ad-ministration from the University of North America. When she was elected to serve as commissioner in 1990, she continued to use her passion for young people to provide entertaining and en-lightening activities for them, includ-ing the Chatham County Youth Com-mission and the Summer Bonanza Partnership. On December 16, 2016, Dr. Thomas at-tended her final county commission meeting and retired from her 26 years as a Chatham County commissioner. She will always be remembered for being one of the toughest, fairest, and most well-informed members of our local government and for her 60 years serving young people. She certainly will be missed. 
f 
OPPOSING THE CONFIRMATION OF JEFF SESSIONS AS ATTORNEY GENERAL (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my strong opposition to the confirmation of J
EFFSESSIONS as Attorney General. In a 2006 speech, then-Senator S
ES-
SIONS wrongfully misstated: ‘‘Fun-damentally, almost no one coming from the Dominican Republic to the United States is coming here because they have a provable skill that would benefit us and that would indicate their likely success in our society.’’ When I was 9 years old, Mr. Speaker, I immigrated to the United States from the Dominican Republic without any papers, and now I am a Member of the U.S. Congress. Mr. SESSIONS , have I not succeeded in America? On behalf of millions of Dominican Americans and notable Americans such as fashion designer Oscar de la Renta, Pulitzer Prize winner Junot Diaz, Sec-retary of Labor Thomas Perez, and baseball giant Big Papi, I stand here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives as a proud Dominican American. I say to Mr. S
ESSIONS : you are wrong, wrong in thinking, and wrong for our country. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing the confirmation of J
EFFSES-
SIONS as Attorney General. Hateful speech and racist rhetoric have no place in our American society. 
f 
b1215 NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT APPRECIATION DAY (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to our Nation’s law en-forcement men and women. I respect and appreciate the impor-tant work of our police throughout the Nation who are charged with the crit-ical work of protecting the people in our States and our local communities. The heartbreaking violent targeting of our Nation’s police officers, recently, demonstrates the dangers these men and women face every day. Every American is so proud as our many neighbors and fellow citizens get up every morning, put on their local law enforcement uniform and badge, kiss their families good-bye, and go out and serve us, keeping our cities and towns safe, trying to build trust and faith among all of our citizens. Monday was National Law Enforce-ment Appreciation Day, and our law enforcement men and women in Arkan-sas and throughout the country deserve our gratitude and respect. I proudly displayed a blue light in my office win-dow to honor our law enforcement men and women, and I thank them for their selfless service. 
f 
FORT LAUDERDALE AIRPORT SHOOTING (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, last week, we observed a moment of silence to remember the victims 6 years after the Tucson shooting. Just yesterday, another moment of silence to remem-ber the five people killed and six wounded when they were shot while waiting at the Fort Lauderdale Airport baggage claim. In those awful moments after the shooting, the airport was thrown into chaos and confusion. Yet, before we knew anything of the circumstances, every American could tell you what would come next because Congress has developed a well-worn routine in re-sponse to gun violence: first, shocking news of a deadly shooting, followed by thoughts and prayers, followed by a moment of silence on this floor, fol-lowed by a complete failure to take ac-tion. To truly honor the victims, moments of silence must be followed by produc-tive discussions of policy: What will we do to keep our community safer? I ask my Republican colleagues, meet with me. Let’s at least start a conversation here on the House floor. We can no longer remain silent during this epi-demic of gun violence. Thoughts and prayers are all that we have offered the American people, and that is not enough. f 
OBAMACARE (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about the families that are feeling the burden of ObamaCare. Premiums have skyrocketed an aver-age of 19 percent in our State, and in-surers are fleeing the market left and right. In fact, 73 percent of counties in Florida only have one insurance pro-vider, leaving people with higher costs and less choice when it comes to their health care. That is why the Presi-dent’s healthcare law has failed the people of Florida. Now, Republicans are offering up solid solutions to make our Nation’s healthcare system work for everyone, without pulling the rug from anybody’s feet. We are focused on a more afford-able, more personalized healthcare plan that empowers patients, not Washington. I am proud to serve on the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee as we begin our first steps this week to bring relief to the people of Florida and our Nation. 
f 
OBAMACARE (Mrs. BLACKBURN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, as we were home over the Christmas holi-day break, so many calls that came into my office dealt with the ObamaCare issue—the rise in pre-miums, the lack of affordability. Here is one example. A 64-year-old man, his premiums $30,000, deductible $12,000—indeed, too expensive to afford and too expensive to use. But we do have a plan for repealing and replacing. You will find it at A Better Way. This will help lift the fi-nancial burden from many Americans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.013 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH248 January 10, 2017 
who are currently facing high costs due to ObamaCare. Our plan allows pa-tients greater access to affordable care and affordable insurance. Our next step includes my legisla-tion, H.R. 314. It is the Health Care Choice Act of 2017. What it will do is allow greater access, more choice, and more options by allowing across-State- line purchasing of health insurance. You find the plan that is most suited to you and your family at a price that you can afford. It is time for us to repeal and replace with good patient-centered options. 
f 
PRESIDENT-ELECT DONALD TRUMP’S PROMISE TO BUILD A WALL WITH MEXICO AND MAKE THE MEXICAN GOVERNMENT PAY FOR IT (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, you might recall, during the campaign, President- elect Donald Trump promised to build a wall with Mexico and, of course, make the Mexican Government pay for it. Well, now we are hearing that Repub-licans intend to come to this body, Congress, to spend your hard-earned money and mine, American taxpayer money, to build a wall with Mexico. They are estimating $10 billion to $12 billion. Well, do you know what? In com-prehensive immigration reform, which I was proud to support last session, we had over $40 billion for border security. So apparently Donald Trump is build-ing one-quarter of the wall, all directly with deficit spending. In comprehensive immigration re-form, we not only paid for that border security, not only paid for that $40 bil-lion and required people who were here illegally to pay fines and register and get right with the law, it actually would reduce the budget deficit by over $200 billion over 10 years. So what we have is one-quarter of the wall and deficit spending with Donald Trump. With Democrats, four times the wall and reduce the deficit by $200 billion. Mr. Speaker, the choice is obvious. 
f 
LAW ENFORCEMENT APPRECIATION DAY (Mr. L
AHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Law Enforce-ment Appreciation Day, a day we set aside to thank those who risk their lives to protect our communities na-tionwide. These men and women are the hidden heroes of our country, and they deserve our respect and our gratitude. When they put on their badge and kiss their family good-bye each day, these offi-cers have no certainty that they will return home safely. They willingly face that risk to keep the rest of us safe. This past year, 135 law enforcement officers made the ultimate sacrifice. One of those courageous individuals was our own Officer Scot Fitzgerald, who lost his life serving on duty with the South Jacksonville Police Depart-ment, located in my district. Last night, throughout the Capitol, blue lights were lit to honor our heroes in blue. In my office, we lit our blue candle in remembrance of fallen Officer Scot Fitzgerald. In 2016, more officers lost their lives on duty than in any of the previous 5 years. Let us show our admiration and appreciation to the sworn law enforce-ment officers across the State of Illi-nois and the 900,000 who serve and face danger in the United States every day. Not just this week, but throughout the year, we need to honor our law enforce-ment officials. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO JUDGE BRUCE MOSIER (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I sadly rise today to pay tribute to Judge Bruce Mosier, who lost his life yesterday; to his lovely and beautiful wife, Diane; beautiful daughter; and ex-tended family. The whole of Harris County in Texas loved and respected Judge Bruce Mosier. Oh, he was a strong and vibrant Democrat, but he was a man that, whenever you called upon him, he would serve. He loved the law, prac-ticed, and continued to represent indi-viduals, many of whom could not help themselves. And, of course, he stood by his wife’s side, championing every ef-fort she made to empower people to vote. He was a stalwart in the last Presidential election. He continued to encourage and support all of us to do what is right and to ensure the rights of all people to vote. Judge Bruce Mosier served his neigh-borhood, served his county, served his State, and served this Nation. I will miss Judge Mosier. I will miss his friendly smile and his kindness, his willingness to help those who were just starting in their political or legal ca-reer, his willingness to lift up this country and to be the kind of American that always had an open mind to any-one, no matter how different they might be. So today, my dear friend, Judge Bruce Mosier, may you rest in peace. Diane, we will continue to love you and honor his legacy, work with you to continue his dreams and aspirations, and encourage those in this Nation, our county, and our State to be participatory participants in the won-derment of democracy in this Nation that is, that was, Judge Bruce Mosier. REPEAL OBAMACARE (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, on Novem-ber 8, the American people gave my party control of the entire Congress and the White House because of the promise-breaking, job-killing law known as ObamaCare—the craziest thing in the whole world, according to President Bill Clinton. The fearmongers on the other side are tell-ing Americans they will lose their health care in a snap. They should talk to Martha. Martha is a self-employed CPA who developed a nasty leukemia a couple of years ago. She was told to get ready for the end of her life. A miracle happened. Experimental treatment reduced her cancer from grade III to grade I. The drugs to save her life cost $15,000 per month. On October 20, because of ObamaCare, she was told that she had to pay 50 percent of that cost instead of 30 percent. That is tough for her to af-ford. Martha got to hold her fifth grandkid this past summer. House Republicans want her to hold her sixth and seventh grandkid in the future. We have our or-ders to repeal ObamaCare. It is time to go to work. 
f 
ELK COUNTY CATHOLIC STUDENTS PERFORM AT PEARL HARBOR (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize seven Elk County Catholic High School band students who performed on De-cember 7 at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, for the 75th anniversary of the tragic at-tacks that brought the United States into World War II. This anniversary marks one of the major milestones, which may be one of the few opportuni-ties for survivors of the attacks to par-ticipate. Elk County Catholic represented the Commonwealth, alongside the sur-vivors of the USS Pennsylvania, one of the eight battleships in Pearl Harbor on that fateful day in 1941. I am so proud of how the students paid tribute to World War II veterans who served at Pearl Harbor and all of the military men and women that fought for our Nation. This event was especially close to the heart of baritone saxophone player, Luke Ferragine, whose grandfather is a World War II veteran. Also performing in the honor band was Emily Miller, Kendra Smithbauer, Holly Kim, An-drew Wingard, Simon Glatt, and Na-than Schlosser. Congratulations to each of them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.016 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H249 January 10, 2017 
CELEBRATING 10 YEARS OF GIV-ING BY FRIENDS OF ST. JUDE— MIAMI (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 10th anni-versary of the founding of Friends of St. Jude—Miami. St. Jude Children’s Research Hos-pital, located in Memphis, Tennessee, is a leading institution in the fight against pediatric cancer and other dis-eases that harm children. Friends of St. Jude—Miami is made up of young professionals in south Florida, who, like my dear friend Wendy Grant, are dedicated to St. Jude’s lifesaving mission and who have continued to help the organization to ensure that no family ever receives a bill for the world-class care their son or daughter requires. To Wendy and, indeed, all of the members of the Friends of St. Jude in south Florida, thank you for the dif-ference you continue to make in the lives of children across our Nation and across the world. 
f 
b1230 DESHAUN WATSON, A MAN OF CHARACTER (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, last night, as we all watched foot-ball, no matter who you rooted for, team sports also still comes down to individuals. Last night, a young man named Deshaun Watson—the favorite son of Gainesville, Georgia, my home-town—showed the character that I have witnessed since he was a young boy, playing with my son in the 7- and 8-year-old little flag football league. His athletic ability has never been questioned, and last night it was on full display for the world to see. I be-lieve that he is the best college foot-ball player in the country. Beyond football playing, he is a better man. He is looking forward to the leadership of his team, to the leadership of his class-mates, and the leadership he has shown in his community back in Gainesville is exemplary and will not be forgotten. Gainesville is proud of its favorite son, Deshaun Watson, and of the na-tional championship that he won last night with his team, Clemson, during the football game. But, as with every-thing in life, as the game ended, it re-minded us that the games are played by men of character. Deshaun Watson is a man of character, and I look for-ward to watching his career as he goes forward. CONGRATULATIONS TO UNIVER-SITY OF FLORIDA’S MACHINE IN-TELLIGENCE LABORATORY ENGI-NEERING TEAM (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize and congratulate the other Gainesville—the University of Flor-ida’s Machine Intelligence Laboratory Engineering Team. On December 12, 2016, the University of Florida’s Machine Intelligence Lab-oratory Engineering Team won a world championship and beat 12 teams from five countries at the Maritime RobotX Challenge in Hawaii. This team, which is comprised of UF students, designed a vessel that completed a number of dif-ferent obstacles, including navigating through buoys and self-parking—all without human intervention. As a supporter of scientific research, I am proud of the inspiring work being done in Florida’s Third Congressional District. The dedication displayed by these students and professors is an out-standing example of the success that comes from hard work. It is the dreams of the students and scientists, like these of today, that will propel them to go on and create the innovations of to-morrow that will make this country great again. I am honored to announce their accomplishments, and I look for-ward to witnessing their continued suc-cess. As a UF alumnus, I would be remiss not to say, ‘‘Go Gators.’’ 
f 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the House Repub-lican Conference, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 36 Resolved, That the following named Mem-bers be, and are hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES : Mr. Jones, Mr. Wilson of South Carolina, Mr. LoBiondo, Mr. Bishop of Utah, Mr. Turner, Mr. Rogers of Alabama, Mr. Franks of Arizona, Mr. Shu-ster, Mr. Conaway, Mr. Lamborn, Mr. Witt-man, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Coffman, Mrs. Hartzler, Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia, Mr. Brooks of Alabama, Mr. Cook, Mr. Bridenstine, Mr. Wenstrup, Mr. Byrne, Mr. Graves of Missouri, Ms. Stefanik, Ms. McSally, Mr. Knight, Mr. Russell, Mr. DesJarlais, Mr. Abraham, Mr. Kelly of Mis-sissippi, Mr. Gallagher, Mr. Gaetz, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Banks of Indiana, and Ms. Che-ney. C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET : Mr. Tom Price of Georgia, Mr. Diaz-Balart, Mr. Cole, Mr. McClintock, Mr. Rokita, Mr. Woodall, Mr. Sanford, Mr. Womack, Mr. Brat, Mr. Grothman, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Westerman, Mr. Renacci, Mr. Johnson of Ohio, Mr. Lewis of Minnesota, Mr. Bergman, Mr. Faso, Mr. Smucker, Mr. Gaetz, Mr. Arrington, and Mr. Ferguson. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR THE ATTENDANCE OF THE HOUSE AT THE INAU-GURAL CEREMONIES OF THE PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESI-DENT OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 37 Resolved, That at 10:30 a.m. on Friday, Jan-uary 20, 2017, the House shall proceed to the West Front of the Capitol for the purpose of attending the inaugural ceremonies of the President and Vice President of the United States; and that upon the conclusion of the ceremonies the House stands adjourned until noon on Monday, January 23, 2017 for morn-ing-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5, REGULATORY AC-COUNTABILITY ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 79, HELPING ANGELS LEAD OUR STARTUPS ACT Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 33 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 33 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to reform the process by which Federal agencies ana-lyze and formulate new regulations and guid-ance documents, to clarify the nature of ju-dicial review of agency interpretations, to ensure complete analysis of potential im-pacts on small entities of rules, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the Majority Leader and the Mi-nority Leader or their respective designees. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution. Each such amend-ment may be offered only in the order print-ed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.018 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH250 January 10, 2017 
Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. S
EC. 2. At any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 79) to clarify the defi-nition of general solicitation under Federal securities law. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Financial Services or their respective des-ignees. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). The gentleman from Geor-gia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H. Res. 33, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to bring forward this rule on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 5, the Regulatory Account-ability Act, and H.R. 79, the Helping Angels Lead Our Startups, or HALOS, Act. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate for each bill, equally divided between the majority leader and the minority leader and the chairman and the rank-ing member of the Financial Services Committee, respectively. The rule also provides for a motion to recommit for both pieces of underlying legislation. Yesterday, the Rules Committee had the opportunity to hear from Congress-man TOMMARINO and Congressman H
ANKJOHNSON , on behalf of the Judici-ary Committee, and from Congressman H
UIZENGA , on behalf of the Financial Services Committee. We also heard from several Members on both sides of the aisle who testified on their amend-ments. The Rules Committee made in order both amendments submitted for the HALOS Act and 16 amendments from Members on both sides of the aisle for the Regulatory Accountability Act. Mr. Speaker, I spoke from this po-dium last week about the positive, pro- growth agenda we in the majority are advancing. The bills before us today are additional pieces of that puzzle, and they help us to return to common-sense governance that fosters economic success. H.R. 79, the HALOS Act, was intro-duced by my friend from Ohio, the chairman of the Small Business Com-mittee, Mr. S
TEVE CHABOT . Last Con-gress, very similar legislation passed the House with my support and by an overwhelming bipartisan majority. The HALOS Act ensures that so-called angel investors, who serve as the larg-est funding source for startups in the United States, are able to effectively hold educational economic develop-ment events, like ‘‘demo days.’’ The bill also helps to ensure that startups can connect with angel investors who can serve as funding sources, mentors, or outside directors. In plain English, the HALOS Act helps to ensure that small, innovative companies and startups have access to the necessary capital. This, in turn, en-ables these companies to expand and generate jobs that put Americans back to work while fueling our economy as a global hub of innovation. Mr. Speaker, in order to keep Amer-ica’s market competitive, we must re-lieve American job creators and em-ployees from suffocating regulations. We can move toward this by helping government function as our Founders intended. Our Constitution lays out a system of three coequal branches of government, which is meant to fulfill unique roles and to provide checks and balances for one another. Over time, we have allowed cracks to form in that system, and we have gradually seen executive agencies usurp power from the elected officials of the legislative branch—to the det-riment of hardworking Americans and the separation of powers. We, too often, see unelected bureaucrats handing down regulations that have enormous impacts on small businesses, family farmers, individuals, and families. In an unfortunate irony, these bureau-crats are isolated from the very enti-ties they are trying to regulate. Congress must stop ceding authority to the executive and reassert the power of the legislative branch to write law. The Regulatory Accountability Act helps us do just that. It helps us to en-sure that burdensome rules that hand-cuff American business with red tape aren’t crushing our economy, our com-petitiveness, or our future. It also re-stores common sense to the rule-making process. H.R. 5, the Regulatory Account-ability Act, combines six bills that have previously passed the House. I am a proud cosponsor of this legislation. I thank Chairman CHABOT , Chairman G
OODLATTE , and Chairman M ARINO for their thoughtful and diligent work on this legislation. Additionally, Con-gressman R
ATCLIFFE and Congressman L
UETKEMEYER contributed important provisions to this package. The bill reforms the process by which Federal agencies analyze and formu-late new regulations and guidance doc-uments, clarifies the nature of judicial review of agency interpretation, and calls for more complete analysis of the potential impact of rules on small enti-ties. H.R. 5 includes the text of the Sepa-ration of Powers Act, which amends the Administrative Procedures Act to overturn two doctrines that call for ju-dicial deference to agency interpreta-tions of statutory and regulatory pro-visions: the Chevron and Auer doc-trines. In plain English, the Separation of Powers Restoration Act prevents Fed-eral bureaucrats from interpreting the legality of their own regulations at the expense of hardworking Americans and the constitutional separation of pow-ers. Title I of the Regulatory Account-ability Act requires agencies, when es-tablishing new rules, to consider the lowest cost option that meets statu-tory requirements. The bill also pro-vides for more public input in the rule-making process. Title IV of the bill, the Providing Accountability through Transparency Act, requires agencies to publish plain-language summaries of new proposed rules online. These pro-posals are not farfetched. Instead, they provide more information and a voice to the American people while reining in agencies that have gotten drunk on their rulemaking power. Mr. Speaker, our current administra-tion issued over 600 major regulations with an economic impact of over $740 billion. These numbers show the stag-gering number of rules put forth by the executive branch, but nowhere are the true costs of regulations highlighted better than in the stories that I hear from my constituents. I know other Members hear similar stories, and all across the Nation, we are seeing the toll that overregulation has taken on growth and competitiveness. Back home in northeast Georgia, El-bert County is known as the granite 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.005 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H251 January 10, 2017 
capital of the world, but a rule put forth by OSHA that is related to silica levels threatens to jeopardize that in-dustry; and, of course, there is the waters of the United States rule, which could negatively impact everyone from farmers to ranchers to Realtors. The menu labeling rule is yet another ex-ample of a misguided regulation that the administration has put forth with-out impunity. That rule would raise costs for businesses, from restaurants to convenience stores, leading to high-er costs for consumers—in actuality, hurting the very ones that it proclaims to help. This is the irony of many of these regulations. Sadly, they are borne out in the costs to the American people. Last year, the EPA finalized a rule that established Federal standards for residential wood heaters. In rural dis-tricts like mine, many individuals may count on wood heaters to keep their families warm. This EPA rule will raise costs for consumers and undermine families’ decisions about what type of heater may work the best for them. Mr. Speaker, is this really where we want to go, having the Federal Govern-ment decide things like this, away from the scrutiny of the elected body? I think not. The examples from this administra-tion are numerous, but, importantly, this problem of overregulation is not unique to this administration. This is not a Republican or a Democratic prob-lem. This is a balance of power prob-lem; this is a problem between branches not doing what they are sup-posed to be doing and staying within that. b1245 The Regulatory Accountability Act helps ensure that this administration and future administrations do not ig-nore Congress by writing law through regulation. It returns transparency to the process. It restores Congress’ right-ful place as the legislative branch and reins in the unelected fourth branch that regulators have become. Mr. Speaker, many of the bills in this package have previously passed with bipartisan support. I hope my col-leagues can continue to agree that Congress should make the laws and that we should do so in such a way that encourages growth, innovation, and American ingenuity. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Georgia for the customary 30 minutes. We will get to the content of the bills in a moment, but there is a procedural issue here that disenfranchises millions of American citizens in this process. We are in the 115th Congress since the founding of this country. We were just sworn in last week to begin that. There are 56 new Members who just started serving last week that have never served in this body before, and there were 56 people that served in the last session who are no longer with us. What we are doing here is we are tak-ing bills that those former Representa-tives worked on and new Representa-tives have not worked on and advanc-ing them to the floor without going through committee, without going through the regular order. So, for example, you have two bills, H.R. 5 and H.R. 79. We will talk about them in a moment. These are Com-mittee on Financial Services bills. They should have gone to that com-mittee, and members of that com-mittee, Democratic and Republican, would have had the chance to amend those bills in that committee and mark it up before it comes to the floor. That is the normal process. Both parties are now constituting those committees; we are putting people on them. I heard you, Mr. Speaker, read just before we began this debate how a number of Members were officially ap-pointed to those committees. That is what we do in our first week or two. Fifty-six new Members should have a say on these bills. They will get a vote on the floor on these bills, but they were completely excluded from the committee process that wrote these bills. That is wrong, Mr. Speaker, to not allow 56 new Members of this body to be the lawmakers that the people of their districts elected them to do. In fact, it disenfranchises the tens of mil-lions of people collectively that those 56 Members represent. And I hope that, for future legislation, we can move through regular order and allow the new Members, as well as those who are returning, to be part of the lawmaking process. With regards to these bills, we have largely seen these bills in prior ses-sions that people who are no longer in this body worked on. The HALOS Act, I was proud to sup-port last session and I am proud to sup-port again. It addresses a potentially real problem. There is guidance from the SEC that—in our Rules Committee meeting yesterday I questioned the subcommittee chair—largely also ad-dresses those concerns, but it is better to do it in statute and it is better to do it in the broader language that is in-cluded in the bill, which is why many Democrats—I hope a majority—support the HALOS Act. The United States is the leader in in-novation in the global economy, and this is a small piece of that. What we are talking about here are demo days where entrepreneurs can pitch their idea. I, personally, have been able to attend a number of those, and it is a question of who can be in the room when that occurs. Should it only be millionaires who are allowed in that room? Or can it be the next great generation of entre-preneurs? Can it be students? Can it be aspiring entrepreneurs? Can it be com-munity members who want to learn what it means to pitch and how to do it and how ideas are spread, or maybe they are looking for a job? It doesn’t change who can invest in those startup companies. They still have to be qualified investors. By the way, I hope we have the opportunity to work with Republicans on the defini-tion of ‘‘qualified investor’’ because I think it is unfair to restrict invest-ment opportunities to multimillion-aires. We need to allow educated and qualified investors of all levels. Just because somebody is rich doesn’t mean that they are a good in-vestor, and just because somebody has not yet earned a lot of money doesn’t mean that they can’t be trusted to in-vest $10,000 or $50,000 of their own money. We made progress in the original JOBS Act with the result of crowdfunded investing, but that is only a small piece—almost an insignificant piece. Private placements are the much larger piece of capital formation for venture-stage startups in our country. If there is a way we can have an alter-native to the net worth test that al-lows individuals to, perhaps, take a qualitative test of their knowledge and, therefore, qualify as an investor, they ought to be able to do that, too. This bill does not do any of that. That is a controversial area. It is one that it will take Democrats and Repub-licans working together on to help fund tomorrow’s great companies and allow opportunity for all people, not just mil-lionaires and billionaires. What this bill does is it continues to restrict the actual investors to the mil-lionaires. Okay? But it allows other people in the room at least. That is a start. It allows an MBA student who him- or herself wants to, perhaps, come up with their own company to hear 10 or 20 companies pitch so they can as-semble their own deck; somebody who might have a great amount of value to give as a mentor who themselves is a veteran of a number of companies. Maybe they are not quite worth a cou-ple of million dollars. Maybe they are worth only—only, right?—$500,000. Maybe they were a reasonably success-ful person worth $500,000, but they have a lot of knowledge to give. Without the HALOS Act, it would be unclear whether that person would even be allowed in that room. So we want to make sure that mentors, up and coming, young entrepreneurs, and, frankly, up-and-coming entrepreneurs of all ages have access to the knowl-edge and the learning that can occur in these pitch events. Congress has a role in making sure we have laws in place that really help build an environment that promotes innovation. When we passed the JOBS Act in 2012 that allowed for crowdfund-ing, Congress took a step forward. We have room to go there, room to go with private placements. The HALOS Act is a small step, but it is a good one and a noncontroversial one. It creates a clear path for startups to participate in demo days, sponsored by government entities, nonprofits, angel investment groups, et cetera, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.023 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH252 January 10, 2017 
a clear safe harbor from the SEC with regard to the definition of general so-licitation to make it clear that busi-ness experts and others can be in the room, while maintaining that only ex-isting accredited investors can actu-ally participate in offerings under Reg-ulation D for the purchases or sale of securities that are mentioned in those demonstrations. Currently, sponsors of demo days are relying on the 12-year-old, no-action letter by the SEC to make sure that they don’t face the consequences of failing to comply. The guidelines out-lined by the SEC’s no-action letter are actually incorporated into the HALOS Act. So, in many ways, this clarifies and puts in statute something that has been at the whim of the SEC for too long. The gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) and others will join me in talking about the importance of angel investors for early stage capital to cre-ate jobs, to allow tomorrow’s great en-trepreneur who might not have any re-sources of their own today to raise the resources they need to hire people and succeed. The Center for Venture Research es-timates that U.S. angel investors in-vested $24.6 billion in about 71,000 small businesses in every area, every con-gressional district of our country. Many of those were startups in the early stages of building a company. Tomorrow’s company that employs 10,000 or even 50,000 people is today’s garage startup trying to figure out how to get $50,000 or raise $100,000 to make their payroll or buy their inventory. Angel investors focus their invest-ment on local startups and much more so than, for instance, national venture capital firms that tend to be clustered at the coast. It is an important way we can continue to grow the economy in every ZIP code in this country, across the heartland and the middle of the country, not just the coasts where the venture capital firms themselves are situated. The Colorado-based digital home de-sign firm, Havenly, started by two sis-ters, utilized demo days as networking opportunities to perfect their pitch to investors, a very common path. After participating in a 500-startup demo day, the pair received nearly $13 mil-lion in investment capital from quali-fied investors. Now Havenly is a thriv-ing business, employs hundreds of inte-rior designers across the country, and I am proud to say it has a staff of 40 peo-ple in their Colorado headquarters. Havenly is a perfect example of how demo days provide opportunities to startups that create real jobs for real people in our country. The HALOS Act simply gives the same opportunities to other startups that thousands of others have had when getting off the ground. I believe the HALOS Act is the ap-propriate approach to regulatory relief. I appreciate the bipartisan nature of the legislation. It is targeted to pro-vide clarity around a specific potential problem and certainty around what these events can entail. Now, there is another bill under this rule as well. It is a bad bill. It is not a strong bipartisan bill. It is called H.R. 79. Since we began the 115th Congress here, the Republicans are promoting a deregulation agenda. Often this agenda results in this body, Congress, poten-tially being buried in having to do in-ordinate amounts of work to review the executive branch of government. Now, we all believe in oversight of the executive branch. Believe me, Mr. Speaker, you are going to hear many Democrats speaking up about how im-portant oversight of the executive branch is, particularly for the incom-ing administration. We are not the executive branch. Congress delegates authority to agen-cies, under the laws we write, to fill in gaps and decide how best to implement the law. If we disagree, we can always change or amend the authorizing stat-ute to make more clear the intent of this body. However, these bills being brought to the floor by the Republicans would ei-ther require Congress to spell out ex-actly what ways to implement a policy in a changing world or give the author-ity of how to interpret and implement law to the judicial system, neither of which are wise or expedient choices re-gardless of who occupies the Presi-dency. While I certainly will have more sympathy with this approach with President Trump in the White House than President Obama in the White House, I still believe this is the wrong way to go about the separation of pow-ers under our Constitution. This bill sets out 60 new analytical requirements that agency actions must meet before they can be implemented. In other words, any attempt by agen-cies to protect the public from toxic substances, make sure our planes and trains are meeting safety regulations, or make sure our food is toxin free would be subject to 60 new bureau-cratic hurdles, effectively creating more and more red tape to tie the bu-reaucracy up rather than make their work quicker and more efficient, which is what Democrats seek to do. This bill would bury the agency rule-making process under a blizzard of bu-reaucratic hurdles and documentation requirements, literally burying the ex-ecutive and administrative branch of government in red tape and paperwork. This bill would hold the regulatory process hostage to the whims of the very corporations and bureaucrats whose rulemaking it is designed to ad-dress. The process that the bills call for have been roundly discredited by so many experts on regulatory policy from the left and the right and con-sumer advocates as well. The adminis-trative law and regulatory practices section of the American Bar Associa-tion stated that these burdens would reduce transparency, reduce public input, threaten public safety, and, most importantly, not result in any better rules. This bill is nothing other than a re-cycled effort that 56 Members of this body have not had a chance to partici-pate in writing through the committee process to slow down the government and get in the way of agency rulemakings that are critical for pro-tecting public health, safety, and our environment. We are simply failing our constitu-ents that we are elected to serve by spending time on legislation that would deliberately sabotage our own ability for our government to function efficiently. This is a bill that would make government less efficient. That is not what I hear when I am back home from my constituents—Demo-crat, Republican, Independent. I don’t hear: Go to Washington to make gov-ernment less efficient. My constituents want government to be more efficient. Finally, this bill is being considered under a structured rule limiting the amendment process. There were over 30 amendments filed. Yet, we are only considering 16 amendments under this very overly restrictive rule. This is particularly onerous because, again, there was no opportunity for the 56 new Members through the committee proc-ess to amend this bill. There was a new Member that ap-peared before the Rules Committee yesterday. Unfortunately, he was not even allowed to advance his amend-ment to the floor under this rule. Another example is an amendment offered by a new Member, Ms. B
LUNT  R
OCHESTER , who filed an amendment that would ensure that LGBT employ-ees are protected from workplace dis-crimination. It would allow Federal agencies that are tasked with pro-tecting the civil rights of employees to continue to do their work without being hamstrung with unnecessary re-quirements. Civil rights protections do not fit neatly into a corporate monetary anal-ysis, and our government has a respon-sibility to ensure that all Americans are protected from arbitrary or unjust discrimination based on race, gender, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Given the breadth and scope of this legislation, an open amendment proc-ess would have allowed this amend-ment to be debated if the majority wanted, perhaps even voted down, al-though I hope the majority would have approved it. It would have produced a more thoughtful piece of legislation. Yet, we are not even allowed to have that debate on the floor of the House, which is why this rule is wrong and why I stand in strong opposition to it. We should be considering legislation to create permanent, high-paying jobs, investing in infrastructure to grow our communities, fixing our broken immi-gration system, and streamlining and improving our tax system through tax reform rather than recycling old bills 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.025 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H253 January 10, 2017 
that 56 Members have not even had the opportunity to put their imprint on. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule for those very reasons. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1300 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think there is no bet-ter way to start this Congress fresh but with some understanding. It is very clear, and it has become obvious to Members here on the floor, that there is a discussion going on. And, Mr. Speaker, if Members would like to see the difference that is being portrayed here on the floor today, it is very obvi-ous. There is one party that is really concerned about tying the hands of bu-reaucrats; and there is one party, the majority, that is looking to untie the hands of the American people. I think I will side on the side of the American people and job creators and job pro-moters, and those who go out every day and earn a living. We worked on this last Congress, and I will talk about it again here. Let’s not start the strongman that Repub-licans are wanting to do away with all regulations. We do not. We want gov-ernment to operate in the most effi-cient manner possible and do what it needs to do, but also get out of the way. The problem with government, many times the government has overstepped where it needs to be, and it needs to be out of the way to start with. Also, I would like to at least clear the record and make something under-stood. At the beginning of the year, we are bringing a rule. We had a full Rules Committee hearing yesterday, and Members were able to offer amend-ments. Not all amendments were made in order. Sixteen amendments were made in order on both sides of the aisle. I would like to remind Members, Mr. Speaker, as we go back in history, we are promoting discussion here in the Rules Committee and bringing to the floor and allowing Members to talk about amendments and give them the opportunity. I will just remind Members, Mr. Speaker, in the 111th Congress, which was controlled by my friends on the other side of the aisle, in the very first rule bill they brought, the rules for the House, they put two major bills in the rules package that did not even get a rules hearing, that did not get any-thing except just pushed to the floor. I think we will stand firm that we are pushing to the floor stuff that Ameri-cans care about, and also doing it in a way that Members can participate. Speaking of that, the American peo-ple, especially the good folks of Ne-braska, have sent to us a new Member, and I have gotten the chance to know him. Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. B ACON ), and I welcome him to the floor. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule and the un-derlying bill which provides for H.R. 5, the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2017. I promised my district in eastern Ne-braska that I would work my hardest to rein in an out-of-control bureauc-racy that is burdening our Nation with over 3,000 new regulations each year. The cumulative cost of all of these reg-ulations passed each year cost approxi-mately $2 trillion, almost 10 percent of our GDP. That is a tremendous burden, and it largely falls on our small busi-nesses, farmers, and community banks. I meet often with our local, small business owners. The top concern that I hear, and they are loud and clear, and I hear it over and over, is that regula-tions and ObamaCare are preventing them from growing, and, in some cases, making it very difficult for them to stay afloat. There is anger that the health of our businesses are not being undermined by competition or new technology, but they are being under-mined by their own government, and they are angry about it. I have promised my district that I will be aware and push back on these regulations and on a bureaucracy that is on steroids. That is what we are doing today by passing H.R. 5 and by passing these rules. I think one of the Members of the very first Congress and the writer of our Constitution would be proud to see H.R. 5 passed. James Madison thought the separation of powers was vital to the safeguarding of our Republic. In re-cent years, we have seen that separa-tion of powers undermined by an over-zealous bureaucracy that creates laws, then executes those laws, and then acts as their own appeal authority. Madison said the accumulation of powers—legis-lative, executive, and judiciary—in the same hands is the very definition of tyranny. Today, we move toward the right balance, toward restoring the separation of powers and lifting the burden that has been put on our small businesses and farmers. I urge support for the rule and the underlying bill. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up a bill that would establish a national commission to investigate foreign interference in the 2016 election. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD along with extra-neous material immediately prior to vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, we have all been very concerned about the reports from our own intelligence agencies about foreign interference in the 2016 American elections. I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ) to dis-cuss our proposal, the ranking member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise in strong opposition to this rule so that it can be amended to in-clude consideration of H.R. 356, Pro-tecting Our Democracy Act, which is sponsored by the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
WALWELL ) and yours truly. Mr. Speaker, we are presently in a struggle for the soul of our democracy. This legislation would create an inde-pendent commission to examine Rus-sian attacks on our electoral process. I am pleased that all of my House Demo-cratic colleagues have joined in this bill and that similar legislation has been introduced in the Senate. I want to be clear about why we are here today. It is not just about the past. It is about the future. The CIA, the FBI, and the NSA have issued a de-classified report warning that Russian entities acted under the orders of Vladimir Putin to execute ‘‘an influ-ence campaign,’’ and they say they did this ‘‘to undermine public faith in the United States democratic process.’’ Again, I say: our democracy is under attack. Our intelligence agencies explain that Moscow’s attacks will not end with the attacks they launched in 2016. They warn that Moscow ‘‘will apply lessons learned from its campaign aimed at the U.S. Presidential election to future influence efforts in the United States and worldwide. . . . ’’ Democracy under attack. These Russian attacks on our elec-toral process were attacks on our Con-stitution, our people, and they are at-tacks on our great Nation. Our intel-ligence agencies are warning that if we do not respond now, the Russians will attack us again. Mr. Speaker, we must not take our democracy for granted. We must guard this democracy. We must guard the fundamental foundation of that democ-racy, and that is a vote, and a vote with integrity. We are all Members of the Congress of the United States of America. We have taken an oath to protect and defend our Constitution and our great Nation. That is what this legislation is about. It is not about Donald Trump. It is not about Hillary Clinton. It is not about Republicans, Democrats, or independents. It is not even about 2016. It is about our future, and it is about generations yet unborn. We cannot allow ourselves to be dis-tracted from our solemn duty and our solemn oath. We cannot allow foreign attacks on our electoral process to be-come normal or inevitable. They are neither. This legislation attempts to rise above politics. If there was any mo-ment in our history when we should be rising above politics, it is this moment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.026 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH254 January 10, 2017 
This commission is intended to be truly bipartisan, to have an equal num-ber of Democrats and Republicans, to examine how Russia and any other for-eign powers interfered with our elec-tions, including hacking Federal and State political parties and dissemi-nating fake news stories intended to warp public opinion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Mary-land. Mr. CUMMINGS. Most importantly, this bipartisan and independent com-mission will make recommendations to try to prevent any foreign power from interfering in our elections again. I sin-cerely hope Republicans, including the President-elect, who, for the first time ever, will swear his own oath to protect and defend our Constitution, will join us in supporting this independent com-mission. I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so this rule can be amended to require consideration of the Protecting Our Democracy Act. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), the distin-guished ranking member of the Judici-ary Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Inves-tigations. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado, and I thank my good friend from Geor-gia. It is important to take note of the value of democracy and the discourse on this floor, and my friendship with the gentleman from Georgia, but abso-lute disagreement with him on our pur-poses here. Yes, regulation should be fair, and it should cede to the administrative proc-ess and the administrative laws that dictate how they should be formulated, and that fairness should be their underpinnings. But I think my con-stituents, in terms of the regulatory scheme, are far more interested in clean water and clean air. They are far more interested in making sure that consumer products that impact tod-dlers and babies are enforced. They are far more interested in ensuring that there is competition to the FTC, and that there are fair energy laws to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion. Having said that, I am disappointed as well that we are moving forward on H.R. 5, which is a bill that went through the Judiciary Committee, and, as my colleague from Colorado said, with 56 new Members, it did not go through regular order. We are recy-cling the same bad bill again. I rise today to express concern over the number of amendments that were presented that were good amendments that did not get in. Before I speak to the amendment I am concerned about, first, I want to speak to the previous question. I support the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) on a very important statement, and that is in the tragedy and the heinous-ness of 9/11, we formulated the 9/11 Commission. Mr. Speaker, there is no more hei-nousness than a foreign nation inter-fering with the just and fair voting of every American. There are many who lost their life in the name of one vote, one person. For that reason, I would make the argument that it is impera-tive that this bill be amended to create the commission that will address the question of foreign intrusion, particu-larly Russian intrusion and hacking in our election. I believe this election was skewed, in spite of the peaceful democratic trans-fer of government, which we will all ad-here to, but there is no doubt. This does not compete to 2001 with Presi-dent Bush in Florida. It does not com-pete to 2004 with Mr. Kerry. It is be-yond any kind of comprehension of what happened in this election, a direct intrusion and skewing of this election. But, more importantly, protecting the systems of election and the voting rights, the preciousness of the voting rights, is crucial to democracy. This commission, independent of any of the committees that should be work-ing—and I agree, Congress should be working. Senator M
CCAINhas already begun working—a Republican—but this commission would be a vital asset. So I am certainly disappointed that the amendment I had that was crucial as relates to cybersecurity to deal with the question of cyber intrusion was not made in order. It would have been ap-propriate for us to have an amendment that would have spoken directly to the idea of identifying new tactics or tech-niques that a malicious actor might de-ploy, or detect and disrupt an ongoing intrusion, in addition to protecting the data that enables cybersecurity firms and other network defenders to iden-tify certain malware that the Russian intelligence services use. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-tleman. This amendment would have been vital to have not only a vigorous dis-cussion on the floor but also to recog-nize that cybersecurity has now be-come a potential weapon. I have worked on this issue for a decade as the former chairwoman of the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Sub-committee. It was under my sub-committee that we began to look at electric grids and began to see the enormous power of the cyber world. My amendment should have been included because we are now faced with what the cyber world used as a weapon can do. I am disappointed that that amend-ment was not made in order. I am dis-appointed that H.R. 5 is again before us without regular order, and would hope that we have the opportunity to vote for and support the previous question to find out what happened and who conspired to alter our elections in 2016. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the rule and the underlying bill. I strongly oppose this rule because it makes in order H.R. 5, the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2017, which is a radical measure that could make it impossible to promulgate safety regulations to protect the public. I oppose this rule because it would effec-tively shut down the entire U.S. regulatory sys-tem, amending in one fell swoop every bed-rock existing regulatory statute. My opposition to H. Res. 33 is amplified by the Rules Committee’s decision to decline to make in order the Jackson Lee Amendment, ‘‘to provide an exception for regulations that help prevent cyberattacks on election proc-esses or institutions.’’ Apparently, House Republicans are still re-luctant to debate the subject—undisputed by our Intelligence community—of Russian cyberattacks on American cyber networks and infrastructure. Key Judgments in the Intelligence Commu-nity Assessment’s declassified version of a highly classified report entitled, ‘‘Assessing Russian Activities and Intentions in Recent U.S. Elections,’’ have confirmed that 2016 wit-nessed the first American presidential election that was the subject of cyberattacks. These and other subversive activities have been confirmed to have been perpetrated by entities allied with the Government of Russia and were undertaken for the express purpose of influencing the presidential contest to se-cure the election of its preferred candidate, Donald Trump, who made history by becoming the first presidential candidate to invite a hos-tile foreign power to launch cyberattacks against his political opponent. All three agencies, CIA, FBI and NSA, agree with this judgment. The so-called Regulatory Accountability Act (RAA), in addition to this rule, demonstrates the deceptive design of the majority to make it harder to establish regulations to protect the public by tilting the entire regulatory system significantly toward special interests. The bill allows Federal courts without exper-tise on technical issues to substitute their judgment for those of the expert federal agen-cies. These agencies are staffed with career sub-ject matter experts that are deeply knowledge-able of the background, context, and history of agency actions and policy rationale. For this reason, courts have long deferred to agency experts who are in the best position to carry out the statutes. The RAA would end this well-established practice and allow far less experienced judges to second-guess expert opinion—essentially sanctioning judicial activism. The Jackson Lee Amendment, however, would have attuned this dangerous legislation to provide an exception for regulation upon which Americans so greatly rely on their gov-ernment to help prevent cyberattacks on our highly coveted and esteemed election proc-esses and institutions. The bill promoted by the majority, calling for accountability from our Administrative Agen-cies—fails to answer in accountability to the threat posed by foreign and domestic invaders on our national cyber networks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.028 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H255 January 10, 2017 
As the new Congress commences in the People’s House, obstructionist Republicans are circumventing the very procedures by which elected officials answer the cries of out-rage and dismay of desperately concerned constituents. To the obstructionist majority perpetuating this restrictive rule, let me stand firm in the American convictions laid bare by the Jackson Lee amendment—the system of Checks and Balances established by the Separation of Powers clause of the Constitution will not be thwarted. The spirit of the H.R. 5 is clearly designed to stop all regulation dead in its tracks—no matter the threat to cyber networks, national security, economy, or the very health and safety of the American people. We know that Russia’s cyber activities were intended to influence the election, erode faith in U.S. democratic institutions, sow doubt about the integrity of our electoral process, and undermine confidence in the institutions of the U.S. government. These actions are unac-ceptable and will not be tolerated. The mission of the Intelligence Community is to seek to reduce the uncertainty sur-rounding foreign activities, capabilities, or leaders’ intentions. On these issues of great importance to U.S. national security, the goal of intelligence anal-ysis is to provide assessments to decision makers that are intellectually rigorous, objec-tive, timely, and useful, and that adhere to tradecraft standards. Applying these standards helps ensure that the Intelligence Community provides U.S. pol-icymakers, warfighters, and operators with the best and most accurate insight, warning, and context, as well as potential opportunities to advance U.S. national security. This objective is difficult to achieve when seeking to understand complex issues on which foreign actors go to extraordinary lengths to hide or obfuscate their activities. My amendment would have improved H.R. 5 by exempting only those regulations critical to making cyber networks invulnerable to at-tack from foreign and domestic agencies and individuals. Specifically, the amendment that the Rules committee disallowed for presentation on a vote here on the floor today would have pro-vided the American people an exemption to allow for the prevention of tampering, alter-ation, or misappropriation of information by agents of foreign countries with the purpose or effect of interfering with or undermining elec-tion processes or institutions. In particular, restrictions put forth in H.R. 5 could result in further delay to agencies at-tempting to take action to help network de-fenders better identify new tactics or tech-niques that a malicious actor might deploy or detect and disrupt an ongoing intrusion, in ad-dition to protecting data that enables cyberse-curity firms and other network defenders to identify certain malware that the Russian intel-ligence services use. The Regulatory Accountability Act provides no accountability to the American public. Instead, it allows polluting industries and special interests to game the system and es-cape accountability for any harm they inflict. It makes it incredibly difficult, if not impos-sible, to secure new public protections and arms industry with numerous tools to avoid their legal obligations. The increasing use of cyber-enabled means to undermine democratic processes at home and abroad, as exemplified by Russia’s recent activities, has made clear that a tool explicitly targeting attempts to interfere with elections is also warranted. We cannot afford to let global terroristic threats, in the form of cyber activities, erode faith in U.S. democratic institutions, sow doubt about the integrity of our electoral process, in-fluence elections, or undermine confidence in the institutions of the U.S. government. My amendment would have offered protec-tions guarding the integrity of our cyber net-works, while at the same time allowing the bill to achieve the proponents’ major purposes. The exceptional Americans we serve de-serve a Congress that does its job and keeps our time-honored institutions functioning. For these reasons and more, I oppose this rule and the underlying bill. b1315 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
WALWELL ). Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question and allow an amend-ment to be put forward on H.R. 356, the Protecting Our Democracy Act. A public report was released on Fri-day by the FBI, the CIA, and the NSA, and it was chilling. It declared that Russia attacked our democracy in the past Presidential election. It said that the attack came from the Russian serv-ices themselves. It was ordered by Vladimir Putin and, most concerning, that Russia had a preferred candidate and that they sought to denigrate Sec-retary Clinton along the way. Going forward, this is not about re-litigating the past. Donald Trump will be the next President. This is about preserving the integrity of our democ-racy and saying that our dialogue, our democracy, these fights between our parties, they belong to us. The report also said that Russia in-tends to do this again. We know that Russia has done this before across the globe to our allies. They are doing it right now to other countries as they seek to move forward in their democ-racies. Now other foreign adversaries of ours will look at what Russia did, if we do nothing, and see an opportunity to strike us again. So we have an opportunity, as Repub-licans and Democrats, to come to-gether and say that the victims may have been the Democratic Party in this past election and, if history has its way, in the next election it may be a different party. The constant will always remain this: both parties will unite to say, We believe that this democracy, which has been fought and sacrificed for, is worth defending. To do that, we should have an independent, bipartisan, appointed commission to look at how this was able to occur, why our democracy was so vulnerable, and, most importantly, make recommendations to the public to ensure that this never happens again. We should do this so, first, we can de-vote ourselves fully—with an inde-pendent commission, you have full- time members and full-time staffs—to understanding what happened. Second, we should do this to depoliticize what has occurred. The in-coming President has continuously un-dermined the findings of our 17 intel-ligence agencies that Russia was re-sponsible. We should depoliticize this by taking this out of Congress and hav-ing an independent commission, once and for all, sign off on who was respon-sible and, again, make recommenda-tions to protect us going forward. We should also declassify, to the ex-tent possible, the evidence behind the findings. Finally, once this commission is formed and once congressional inves-tigations also take place, the American people have to come together. We have to come together because we can never again let an outside meddler influence our elections. So we have every single House Democrat cosponsoring this leg-islation. This legislation should not be par-tisan at all. When you talk to Repub-licans and you talk to Democrats in our districts and you talk to Independ-ents, they all express a concern about what Russia did. So what we can do in this House is say: We are united. We are united to get to the bottom of what happened. So I invite my Republican colleagues to join us in the search for what hap-pened. Join us in this responsibility to do everything we can to tell our con-stituents that, in the next election, we won’t let it happen again. Defeat the previous question and support H.R. 356, the Protecting Our Democracy Act. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, are there any more speakers the gentleman from Colorado has? Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close if the gentleman from Georgia is. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I am pre-pared for the gentleman to close. I re-serve the balance of time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, so, in summary, when we defeat the previous question, we will then bring forward our bill to es-tablish an independent report on for-eign interference in this most recent 2016 election, something that the American people deserve to see, that we need to see. We need to put safe-guards in place to prevent our election system from being hijacked by foreign powers. With regard to the rule, Mr. Speaker, it is a bad, closed rule, particularly given the chance that 56 new Members of Congress have not had the oppor-tunity to add their imprint to the bills that are before us. The gentleman mentioned, oh, the Democrats did this 10 years ago. Well, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.009 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH256 January 10, 2017 
that is hardly an excuse that the American people buy. There were many things about the Democrats’ tenure in this body the American people didn’t like; and to simply cite some of those less popular elements of Democratic leadership and now say: Well, now we Republicans are going to do earmarks; now we Republicans are going to have a closed process that doesn’t allow amendment; now Republicans are going to gut the ethics rule. In over 200 years, you can always cite some precedence for that from both Democrats and Republicans, but those aren’t good things. We want to learn from our mistakes, I hope, and not say, just because some Democrat or some Republican did this in 1952, it is a good thing to do today. Mr. Speaker, we are 6 days into the next Congress. After we defeat the rule, hopefully, and defeat the previous question, we can bring forward an inde-pendent study on foreign interference. With regard to these two bills, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ on the HALOS Act and, of course, oppose the ridiculously broad H.R. 5, Regulatory Accountability Act, which would simply add more paper-work to the bureaucracy, further re-ducing the efficiency of a branch of government that many Americans be-lieve is already too inefficient. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question and ‘‘no’’ on the rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I serve a wonderful part of the world. With all due respect to all the other Members of Congress, I do believe it is one of the fairest in the country. As I go around and travel, one of the things I have not heard, Mr. Speaker— and I am not sure if you have or other Members sitting here—I have never been hit, when I run into something saying the fact that government is effi-cient, and I am really wanting it to be efficient in a sense that it is working for me. It is a very obvious statement here, and what we see time after time after time after time is rules and regulations that most of the American folks are saying: Government, do what you are supposed to be doing. Get us back on a fiscal financial path that is solid, that balances, that gets us back in under-standing that we can’t spend more than what we make or bring in, and that we have to have a strong national defense. Let’s get back to the things that make America the shining light all around the world. One of the things I do not hear them asking me to do, Mr. Speaker, is make it easier on bureaucrats in Washington. I have not had them beg and bring peti-tions to my table and say: Please make it easier on bureaucrats to run our lives. That is not what we do. What we are trying to do is simply say: Let’s get up, go out to work, do the regulations that matter. Make sure that government does what it is supposed to do. Make sure that the balance of power is hon-ored and not looked upon with dis-grace. It is looked upon as something that should be taken care of. Let the legislative body be the legislative body. Let the executive be the execu-tive, and let the judicial be the judi-cial. I have no problem putting before the American people the choice: Do you want a party that will defend a bu-reaucracy that stifles them? Or a party of the majority, like we are, that are putting forward regulation reform that says, We want to help you; we are con-cerned about you? Obvious choice, Mr. Speaker. Today we have two opportunities to this rule. They both look at our economic en-gines in the country and reviving it again. The HALOS Act helps us ensure that small businesses have access to the capital necessary to grow and succeed. Small business is the backbone of our economy, and it makes sense to enact policies that promote the viability and growth. The Regulatory Accountability Act restores simple checks and balances so that Congress, once again, makes laws so they work better for those who elected us. It is time we demand the voice of the American people be heard rather than letting the others up here, separated in cubicles, decide what is best. When we look at that, the obvious choice is clear. You pass this rule, you vote ‘‘yes’’ on these bills, and you say to the American people: I agree with the ma-jority. We are looking after those that get up every day and have the American Dream in front of them and get up and say: I want to be better and I want my government to be out of the way. When we understand that, Mr. Speak-er, I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 33 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS OF COLORADO  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2 (b) of rule XVIII, declare the House re-solved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 356) to establish the National Commission on Foreign Inter-ference in the 2016 Election. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 356. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.030 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H257 January 10, 2017 
question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on agreeing to the resolu-tion, if ordered; and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 234, nays 179, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 26] YEAS—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—179 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Keating Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—21 
Becerra Crowley Davis, Danny Dingell Duncan (SC) Hoyer Johnson (GA) Jones Kelly (IL) Mulvaney Perlmutter Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Richmond Rush Ryan (OH) Schakowsky Smith (TX) Takano Wilson (FL) Zinke b1346 Messrs. M
CEACHIN, BROWN of Maryland, SCOTT of Virginia, SCHNEIDER, and LAWSON of Florida changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. HILL changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 26. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 183, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 27] AYES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.011 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH258 January 10, 2017 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—18 
Becerra Davis, Danny Dingell Duncan (SC) Gutie´rrez Johnson (GA) Jones Kelly (IL) McCaul Mulvaney Perlmutter Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rush Ryan (OH) Schakowsky Takano Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 39 Resolved, That the following named Mem-ber be and is hereby elected to the following standing committee of the House of Rep-resentatives: (1) Committee on House Administration— Ms. Lofgren. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HELPING ANGELS LEAD OUR STARTUPS ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and submit extraneous mate-rials on the bill, H.R. 79, to clarify the definition of general solicitation under Federal securities laws, and for other purposes. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 33 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 79. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1408 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 79) to clarify the definition of general solici-tation under Federal securities law, with Mr. B
OSTin the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentleman from Mis-souri (Mr. C
LAY) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-port of H.R. 79, the Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act, also known as the HALOS Act. I remind all Members that the House passed this bill just a few months ago with overwhelming support from both Republicans and Democrats by a vote of 325–89, Mr. Chairman, almost 4 to 1. It is hard to get more bipartisan than that. It has received overwhelming bipar-tisan support because then and now the HALOS Act will help create needed jobs and grow our economy. I think we all know, Mr. Chairman, from listening to our constituents, jobs in the econ-omy continue to be the number one issue of concern of the American peo-ple. I commend the bipartisan sponsors of this bill, Mr. CHABOT , the chairman of the Small Business Committee, who we will hear from soon, and Ms. S
INEMA , who serves with me on the Financial Services Committee. I also thank the six Republicans and four Democrats who joined them as original cospon-sors. These Members reached across the aisle and produced legislation that is especially important to America’s small businesses. Let’s remember, Mr. Chairman, that half—half—the people who work in this country earn or work at small businesses, which historically create two-thirds of all the new jobs in America. So small business—small business—is the job engine of America. Our economy clearly works better for working Americans when small busi-nesses thrive and they can focus on creating jobs rather than navigating bureaucratic red tape, red tape that disproportionately hurts the small businesses and startup companies that we are counting on to create jobs for our constituents. Burdensome regulations make it harder for entrepreneurs to access startup capital, and they place credit out of reach for many who wish to start up a small business. Many of these harmful regulations arise from complicated laws, like the Dodd-Frank Act. Overall, small business loans are at a 25-year low, in large part due to regulatory burdens on our community banks and credit unions. Even the former Director of the Small Business Administration, ap-pointed by President Obama, admitted as much when she said: ‘‘Small banks have been laden with excessive costs and confusion from overlapping regula-tions, which are getting in the way of their ability to make small business loans.’’ We simply must not allow our secu-rity laws to inhibit the free flow of in-vestment capital to Main Street. The HALOS Act provides an important reg-ulatory solution to make it easier for small businesses to attract invest-ments and put both the ‘‘open for busi-ness’’ and ‘‘we are hiring’’ signs on their front doors. The bill provides a clear path for startups to connect with angel inves-tors and allows investors to make their own informed decisions. Angel inves-tors, Mr. Chairman, have a huge im-pact on economic growth. Famous companies like Amazon, Costco, Google, Facebook, and Starbucks were all first funded by angel investors. That is just how important this matter is. Today, approximately 600,000 em-ployees earn their paychecks from working for these specific companies. Unfortunately, when Washington bu-reaucrats get involved, we often see the dreaded ‘‘unintended consequences’’ of red tape. Five years ago, Congress passed the bipartisan JOBS Act to make it easier for business startups to gain access to critical capital. But the Securities and Exchange Commission instead issued regulations on angel in-vestors that have the complete oppo-site effect. This is a problem Congress can easily fix by passing a bipartisan HALOS Act, which will ensure that funding from angel investors remains available to small business startups. Mr. Chairman, you cannot have em-ployees, unless you first have employ-ers. You cannot have jobs without job creators. And that is what this bill is all about—jobs. It is about helping small businesses overcome misguided Washington red tape so they can create jobs. I urge all Members to support this commonsense bipartisan bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 79, the Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act. This bill, under the guise of helping angel groups attract addi-tional investors for small businesses and startups, would alter the balance between capital formation and investor protection that we sought to achieve in the JOBS Act. Let me remind my colleagues of what we did in the wake of the financial cri-sis when bank lending was scarce. Our Nation’s startups had trouble getting off the ground and attracting new cap-ital. Previously, they had done so using rule 506, which allows companies to sell private securities to accredited inves-tors who are financially savvy and have the means to bear their height-ened risks and lack of SEC oversight. As a condition to using rule 506, how-ever, companies could not solicit pur-chasers from or advertise to the gen-eral public. b1415 This condition was viewed as a bar-rier to capital formation for startups. Therefore, Democrats worked with Re-publicans to provide companies in the JOBS Act with an alternative so that they could broadly advertise and so-licit new investors. Recognizing the need to balance in-vestor protection with this expansion, Ranking Member W
ATERS offered an amendment requiring companies to take reasonable steps to verify that the ultimate purchaser was an accredited investor. This verification requirement is a necessary investor protection de-signed to prevent unsophisticated in-vestors from purchasing—either acci-dentally or by fraudulent means— risky, illiquid, and lightly regulated Rule 506 securities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.039 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH260 January 10, 2017 
I would remind my Republican col-leagues that this amendment was agreed to unanimously, in part because the amended provision struck the ap-propriate balance between capital for-mation and investor protection. Never-theless, here we are today seeking to alter it in H.R. 79. This bill would remove the verifica-tion requirement and allow companies to broadly solicit and advertise their private stock at any event sponsored by a college, nonprofit, government or-ganization, angel investor group, or other group. That means that Amer-ica’s college students can walk into an event on campus and be talked into buying stock that they don’t under-stand and may not ever be able to sell. Having created this initial relation-ship, the company can then sell the students stock without ever checking if they are accredited investors. What is more, the bill would make it much easier for fraudsters to swindle unsophisticated investors by, for exam-ple, encouraging the unsophisticated investors to buy stock in a fake or fail-ing company, only to sell off their own stock at artificially inflated prices. Republicans claim that the bill is merely a clarification; that these demo days are not merely solicitations or ad-vertisements in and of themselves and can be used by companies to generally discuss investment opportunities along with their products and services with the general public. But that is not the case. Companies can already go to a broad-ly advertised, widely attended demo day and discuss their businesses and not implicate the securities laws if they don’t offer securities for sale or otherwise condition the market for their security, but the bill would allow them to offer securities or condition the market by describing the type and amount of stock they are offering, the intended use of the proceeds, or any of the other information in subsection (a)(4) of the bill. Therefore, today, a company dis-cussing such information would have two options: one, to ensure that the event is limited to persons with whom they or the event organizer has a pre-existing, substantive relationship or have been contacted through an infor-mal personal network; or two, verify at the time of purchase that their inves-tors are accredited by, for example, looking at bank statements, W–2s, or third-party verification letters. The bill would allow companies to avoid both options and broadly adver-tise their stock, solicit purchases from the general public, and never check to make sure they are financially sophis-ticated, accredited investors. The only limitation—that the stock offerings only be at events sponsored by certain groups—does not provide a meaningful investor protection. Phony private uni-versities or nonprofits that may be guilty of fraud themselves can hardly be held accountable for policing it in stock offerings. So rather than clarify existing law and preserve the compromise we struck in the JOBS Act, H.R. 79 provides a po-tential loophole that is overbroad and harmful to investors. Mr. Chairman, I am even more trou-bled that Republicans have brought this bill and another Financial Serv-ices Committee bill to the floor this week without a hearing or a committee markup. In fact, there are 10 new Re-publican Members and 4 new Demo-cratic Members on our committee that have never even considered this bill. Collectively, they represent millions of Americans that are being denied the right to better understand this legisla-tion. It is deeply troubling that Repub-licans have decided to use their new-found power to rush through changes under cover of night without the bene-fits of an open, public process. For these reasons, I oppose H.R. 79. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 10 seconds just to say that hearings have been held in a markup in the last Congress on this bill and the 10 new Republican Members are anxious to vote on this. I am unaware of any new Democrat Members having been appointed to our committee as of yet. I am now very happy to yield 3 min-utes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), coauthor of the HALOS Act, a champion for small business because he is, indeed, the distinguished chairman of the Small Business Committee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his lead-ership on this issue. I rise in strong support of H.R. 79, the bipartisan HALOS Act. As the chairman of the House Small Business Committee, I have the honor and pleasure of hearing and speaking with many of America’s small-business owners and their employees almost every day. I hear case after case of small-business owners working days and nights and weekends. I hear stories of sacrifice. I hear inspiring stories of success. But all too often, I hear about how the government continues to make it difficult for small businesses to prosper and grow and create more jobs, which is, obviously, very important to our Nation and its economy. Perhaps one of the most common and most alarming concerns is just how dif-ficult it is for entrepreneurs who are starting out to access the capital they need in order to grow. We must provide entrepreneurs a better way to build their businesses. The HALOS Act does just that. The Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act expands access to capital by ensuring small businesses are able to continue to connect and interact with angel investors. One popular way in which small businesses connect with angel investors is through demo days. These exciting events are sponsored by universities, nonprofits, local govern-ments, and many other groups that allow entrepreneurs to showcase their products and informally meet investors and customers. However, SEC regula-tions are threatening to force these events out of business by imposing un-wieldy regulations that dictate who is and who is not allowed to simply at-tend. These ill-considered regulations would force everybody who merely walks through the door to go through what is essentially a full financial ex-amination—handing over tax docu-ments, bank statements, paycheck in-formation, and on and on. This just doesn’t make sense. We should be en-couraging participation in demo days, not creating obstacles. We should be al-lowing the largest group of attendees to gather in the room, not be limiting who can walk through the door. After all, not only are these events places to connect people with our communities’ small businesses, but they also provide a great opportunity for our next gen-eration of entrepreneurs to ask ques-tions and learn what it takes for a business to open its doors and be suc-cessful. I thank Chairman HENSARLING for his leadership as well as Representatives S
INEMA and S CHNEIDER for working in a cooperative and bipartisan manner. An identical bill, as the chairman mentioned, passed this House in the last session of Congress in an over-whelmingly bipartisan fashion. We must continue to work together to cre-ate an environment in which our small businesses—the engines of our econ-omy—grow and flourish. This bill is one more step in that direction. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 79. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), the distin-guished chairman of the Capital Mar-kets and Government Sponsored Enter-prises Subcommittee of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HUIZENGA. I thank the chair-man for his leadership. Mr. Chairman, we all know that small businesses and entrepreneurs are what drive the American economy. We meet them in our districts and we see firsthand the benefits that their dreams and hard work provide to our constituents and to our communities. These innovators, entrepreneurs, and risk-takers are really small-business people who are critical for our coun-try’s economic prosperity. Small busi-nesses helped to create more than 60 percent of the Nation’s net new jobs over the past two decades. So if our Na-tion is going to have an economy that provides opportunities for every Amer-ican, then we must promote and en-courage the success and growth of our small businesses and our startups. In order to succeed, these companies need capital and credit—the lifeblood for growth, expansion, and job cre-ation. Yet, the government continues 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.042 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H261 January 10, 2017 
to construct arbitrary walls that cut them off from essential financing as smaller companies are caught up in red tape that was created, frankly, for the largest public companies, but those public companies have the financial means to hire lawyers and accountants and management consultants and all of those things that would then guide them through the sheer weight, vol-ume, and complexity of the Federal se-curities laws. Congress has made strides in tai-loring the regulatory environment for smaller companies, most notably when we passed with strong bipartisan sup-port the Jumpstart Our Business Startups, or JOBS Act, in 2012. The JOBS Act’s benefits are notable as more and more companies use its pro-visions to raise investment capital in both the public and private markets. One essential form of capital for many startups comes from angel inves-tors—sophisticated, high net-worth in-dividuals who invest their own money into startups and other early stage companies. Not many college students of whom I am aware would fit that def-inition of a sophisticated, high net- worth individual. In 2015, angel inves-tors deployed over $24 billion to about 71,000 startups—many of these invest-ments going to companies in their own communities and States. Beyond cap-ital, angels provide advice and guid-ance to help these companies succeed and create jobs. Mr. Chairman, I believe that it is im-portant to note that companies such as Amazon, Costco, Facebook, Google, and Starbucks, among a myriad of oth-ers that we have not necessarily heard of as public names, were all initially funded by angel investors. Without angel investors, these very successful companies would have never gotten off the ground. Yet, the Securities and Exchange Commission, whose neglect of its stat-utory mission to facilitate capital for-mation necessitated that Congress pass the JOBS Act in the first place, has further restricted startups from inter-acting with angel investors at demo days and similar pitch events. Startups rely on demo days and similar events to build relationships with angels and other investors and generate interest in their companies and their ideas. These events existed prior to the JOBS Act, but the SEC’s rules jeopardize their future. H.R. 79, the Helping Angels Lead Our Startups, or HALOS Act, is a common-sense, bipartisan bill that is aimed at removing a significant regulatory hur-dle for innovative companies and startups that seek early stage equity investments. Specifically, the HALOS Act would clarify that these demo days, which are sponsored by angel in-vestor groups, universities, municipali-ties, and nonprofits, are not considered to be general solicitations and would, instead, ensure that angel funding re-mains available to those businesses that seek investment capital. These are really educational opportunities. b1430 Mr. Speaker, some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle will claim that the HALOS Act guts critical in-vestor protections and will subject honest, hardworking Americans to rampant fraud. We just had an example of college students being brought up. That is simply not true. A company that offers securities to investors under these rules may only sell their securities to sophisticated or accredited investors. If these individ-uals do not meet the standards of an accredited investor, they are not then eligible or even allowed to invest in these types of startups that would par-ticipate in a demo day. Instead, the HALOS Act is a simple, bipartisan, bicameral, and, I might add, short bill that will provide small innovative companies and startups the ability to interact with angels and other investors who can provide the capital that they need to succeed, grow, and create jobs. Indeed, Senator C
HRIS MURPHY of Connecticut said it best when he intro-duced the HALOS Act last Congress: ‘‘I have heard from local entrepreneurs and interested backers alike that the most important thing we can do to help these businesses is to make it easier for angel investors to put capital behind them—and that is exactly what our bipartisan HALOS Act will do.’’ The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chair, that was Senator C
HRIS MURPHY of Connecticut. I commend the efforts of Representa-tives C
HABOT and S INEMA for working together across the aisle on a bipar-tisan, positive solution. Last Congress, the HALOS Act passed this very body with an over-whelming bipartisan vote of 325–89. I have high hopes that H.R. 79 will enjoy another strong, bipartisan vote. I encourage all my colleagues to sup-port its adoption. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from the Sub-committee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises for yielding to me and, also, thank Chair-man H
ENSARLING for his work. Today, I am proud to speak in sup-port of the Helping Angels Lead Our Startups, or HALOS Act. I would also thank Chairman C
HABOT and Congress-man S
INEMA for putting forth this im-portant bipartisan legislation, and I am a proud cosponsor. I am fortunate enough to regularly hear from innovators across Illinois and through my work on the House Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. These are the people who har-ness technology to accomplish the im-possible, whether that is making life- changing medical breakthroughs or just finding a better way to do every-day tasks. As we all know, startups are the job creators that drive our economy by creating new jobs that can get our con-stituents back to work. Angel investors play a key role in the earliest stages of these startups. They provide the initial rounds of funding to help these life-changing ideas get off the ground. We shouldn’t have unneces-sary barriers in place for our innovators to have access to the cap-ital they need to grow. The situation we currently find our-selves facing is frustrating for startups and potential investors. There is some regulatory uncertainty from imple-mentation of the JOBS Act. In short, Regulation D may imply a demo day is a general solicitation, which would re-quire companies to identify if investors meet the definition of accredited. If demo days are treated as general solicitations, startups and investors are required to comply with burden-some, third-party verification rules. However, the purpose of these demo days is not to seek investors. It simply is to promote good ideas. No solicita-tions or sales of securities take place. This confusion may prevent any con-versation—even a very informal one— between angel investors and startups from happening. This can be easily clarified by the legislation under con-sideration today. As I mentioned, startup companies frequently participate in demo days to increase the visibility of their com-pany, explain their ideas, and hope to informally attract investors. These demo days are sponsored by a variety of organizations interested in pro-moting innovation and job creation. For example, the University of Illinois’ Research Park told me that this bill would make things like the Cozad New Venture Competition, Urbana-Cham-paign Angel Network or UCAN angel presentations, the Share the Vision technology showcase, pitch practice at EnterpriseWorks, and other public fo-rums for startups in Illinois problem-atic. They want to encourage show-cases of startups without fear of these programs constituting a formal fund-raising solicitation to report to the SEC. The bill simply clarifies SEC regula-tions to ensure startups may partici-pate in educational demo days without having to verify that attendees are ac-credited investors. That is a common-sense, technical fix, and it is no sur-prise that we had such a strong bipar-tisan vote of approval in the House last Congress. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this job-creating legislation. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ). Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Chair, I rise today not only in strong support of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.043 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH262 January 10, 2017 
HALOS Act but for the entrepreneurs everywhere in this country. The facts are simple. Angel investors provide vital, often necessary capital for startup companies. Unfortunately, after the passage of the JOBS Act, the SEC made this more difficult, placing unnecessary burdens on companies who are just starting out. Mr. Speaker, the positive impact these startups often have on a commu-nity are staggering. In the City of Aus-tin, which I am proud to represent, startup companies provide more than just new technologies. They provide jobs, they generate taxes, and they give back to their local community. In 2015 alone, tech companies in Austin were able to raise almost a billion dol-lars in new capital. With our economy still on the mend from the financial collapse in 2007, it is time to give busi-nesses, both large and small, the re-sources they need to compete in an often competitive environment. H.R. 79 rightly amends the SEC Act of 1933 to formally define an angel in-vestor group and exempts them from having to comply with burdensome, third-party verification rules. The HALOS Act provides essential protec-tion for trade associations that often facilitate such meetings between inves-tors and fund managers, continuing to cultivate small business capital forma-tion relationships. This change may be small, but the impact will be great. Mr. Speaker, I will end my remarks by saying this: If the 115th Congress is serious about jobs, serious about turn-ing our economy around, and serious about real change, passing bills like the HALOS Act will be paramount to our success. I urge all Members to support Chair-man C
HABOT ’s bill. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. K
USTOFF ), a new mem-ber of the House Financial Services Committee. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 79, the Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act. This important legisla-tion has the ability to produce real re-sults that Congress continually prom-ises their constituents. When I decided to seek office, a major driving force was the govern-mental overreach that I saw at home in west Tennessee. The financial crisis of 2008 crushed the middle class and lower classes across America. West Tennesseans were hit hard. Far too many faced unemployment, strug-gled to pay their bills, and lost their homes and businesses that meant ev-erything to their livelihoods. There has been no doubt that it has been a slow recovery under these last 8 years. Thankfully, many areas of the country have begun to bounce back. West Tennessee, my home, still needs strong workforce development so we, too, can bounce back. As I traveled throughout the Eighth District of Ten-nessee last year, I met amazing people, great Americans who were ready to work hard to provide for their families and for their communities. Too often, I heard stories of burdensome mandates and regulations that are preventing these hardworking Tennesseans from moving forward. With this legislation, we can keep our promise to help alleviate the bur-den of Federal regulations on small businesses. There is no doubt that angel investors are the backbone of startups; and unless we find a solution to unreasonable restrictions, small businesses could continue to suffer as they struggle to compete with large, established companies. We need to keep our promise to the American people. We need to focus on creating good-paying jobs. And I be-lieve that this bipartisan legislation is a step in the right direction. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important legislation. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ) for 2 minutes. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 79, the Helping An-gels Lead Our Startups or the HALOS Act. I was proud to have introduced this bill with Representative C
HABOT during the 113th Congress and have been pleased to see this commonsense legis-lation continue to gain bipartisan sup-port. I want to thank Representatives C
HABOT and S INEMA for continuing to advocate for this important legislation. Small businesses and startup compa-nies are tremendous assets and sources of economic growth for our country. Economists have shown that when the economy is healthy, startups and young, fast-growing firms are the fun-damental drivers of job creation. But to succeed, innovative entrepreneurs with ideas need access to capital. These investments give new companies the resources to take their idea from con-cept to startup to success. Congress should support this process and pass legislation that makes it easi-er for accredited investors to find cre-ative, aspiring entrepreneurs. Unfortu-nately, certain legislation has had the unintended consequence of often mak-ing it more difficult for entrepreneurs and inventors to meet investors and ac-cess critical investment capital. The JOBS Act of 2012 has placed addi-tional restrictions on individuals who want to invest in startups. This has ad-versely affected programs where young companies demonstrate their products and meet potential investors and men-tors, and the legislation has curtailed startups’ access to individual or angel investors and angel groups. During my more than two decades of business experience, I saw firsthand how angel investors often provide more than just funding for young companies. They offer wisdom, advice, and guid-ance as small businesses seek to grow. The HALOS Act would reopen the path for innovative individuals and young companies to more easily connect with angel investors, while still maintaining important investor protections. This bill will help small businesses better access the resources they need to thrive and ultimately create jobs, ensuring the United States remains the best place in the world to start and grow a new business. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to the balance of time re-maining on both sides. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan has 8 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Missouri has 22 minutes remaining. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ari-zona (Ms. SINEMA ), the coauthor of this bill. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for working with me, yet again, on this bipartisan bill to help entrepreneurs and startup companies create jobs and grow our economy. American startup businesses are growing both in number and diversity. Entrepreneurs are finding new and bet-ter ways to bring together talent, inno-vation, and investment capital in an increasingly competitive small busi-ness environment. The HALOS Act clarifies SEC regula-tions to ensure small businesses may participate in educational demo days without the burden of having to verify that attendees are accredited inves-tors. Demo days provide invaluable op-portunities for entrepreneurs to meet and exchange ideas with students, pro-fessors, business professionals, and po-tential future investors. The HALOS Act creates a clear path for startups to participate in demo days sponsored by a government enti-ty, nonprofit, angel investor group, venture association, or other entity permitted by the SEC. Specifically, the act clarifies the definition of general solicitation to exempt communications and presentations at these events where advertising for the event does not make specific investment offerings and where no specific securities offer-ing information is communicated at the event. This permits startups to connect with business experts, potential future investors, and other entrepreneurs, all while maintaining existing accredited investor verification requirements and exemptions under Regulation D for the actual purchase or sale of securities. It does not, in any way, permit the sale of securities to unaccredited investors at demo days. Companies such as Amazon, Costco, Facebook, Google, and Starbucks were all initially funded by angel investors. As we work to make America more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.044 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H263 January 10, 2017 
competitive in the new global econ-omy, we need to encourage the growth of innovative startups and job-creating small businesses. Again, I thank Representative C
HABOT for working with me on this commonsense, bipartisan bill. I am committed to working with my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to en-sure that Arizona startups have the support they need to grow their busi-nesses and create jobs. b1445 Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ) and wel-come her as a new Member. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of the bipartisan HALOS Act because it will help startup companies with angel investors with-out compromising important investor protections. When working in the private sector, I participated in numerous so-called demo days where early-stage entre-preneurs make presentations. I have counseled multiple startups and small firms through this process, particu-larly women and minority-owned busi-nesses. I have seen firsthand as they struggled to overcome regulatory hur-dles and to obtain access to much-need-ed capital when traditional financing sources, such as banks, may not be fea-sible. It is important for the government at all levels—Federal, State, and local—to promote economic growth and encour-age innovation by connecting people with good ideas to people with the cap-ital and courage to bankroll those ideas. Robust entrepreneurial eco-systems is how great products come to market and how well-paying jobs are created. This is particularly important for my district in central Florida, which has a growing innovative and en-trepreneurial startup community. Based on personal experiences and on the experiences conveyed to me by Flo-ridians with expertise in this area, the current Federal regulations governing demo days can be made more clear and less burdensome so that they better promote the flow of capital through our economy while continuing to pro-tect nonaccredited investors. Because I believe the HALOS Act achieves these dual objectives, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 79. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, both Democrats and Republicans want to help facilitate capital formation, particularly for groups such as angel investors, who have substantial experience in the pri-vate securities market, and for small companies like startups who are seek-ing funding to innovate and grow. But as Members of Congress, we also have the responsibility to protect investors and ensure that the rules of the road are reasonable and appropriate. This is especially important for retail inves-tors, those of us who are looking to save for retirement or to buy a house or to support our children’s education. That is what concerns me about the bill we have before us today. We cannot create loopholes in the securities laws that could have a serious negative im-pact on Americans’ nest eggs, so we must strike the right balance between capital formation in our securities markets and investor protection. It is with these goals in mind that Democrats supported the current rules in place. Companies can raise money to grow and support their businesses in our securities markets under the pur-view of the SEC and State regulators. The regulatory framework we have set up allows for different activities and oversight depending on the nature of the security offering. For example, public offerings provide robust information to investors about the risks and rewards of a particular securities purchase. They require the SEC or State securities regulator to preapprove and review an offering, and they provide legal recourse to investors that may be deceived. This is a strong regulatory framework that ensures our markets are safe and sound. In ex-change for complying with these rules, companies can advertise and sell their stock to anyone in the general public. On the other hand, private offerings do not come with the same regulatory requirements and protections, which can make it easier and less costly for firms to raise money. This means less information for investors, less legal re-course, and little to no scrutiny by reg-ulators. So we put in place procedures to ensure these private offerings, which are inherently riskier, are only sold to accredited investors. Private offerings now play a signifi-cant role in the market. Unregistered securities have surpassed registered se-curities in terms of capital formation. They have accounted for more than $2 trillion in new capital. Moreover, $71 billion has been raised since 2012 through the general solicitation and advertising exemption that we put in place in the JOBS Act. This is clearly an important and growing segment of our market, and, as such, I believe we need to be even more cautious about who is participating in it. In fact, the SEC’s Investor Advisory Committee said we should do more, not less, to protect investors in the general solicitation and advertising market for private offerings. They think we don’t have enough guardrails in place. And yet this bill would do the opposite, by expanding the exemptions on general solicitation without similarly pro-tecting the investor. The bill also undercuts an important amendment Ranking Member W
ATERS  offered to the JOBS Act, which was ap-proved unanimously. It required com-panies to verify that the purchaser is an accredited investor and is finan-cially sophisticated enough to bear the risks involved in private offerings. By effectively allowing purchasers to ‘‘self-certify’’ at or after demo days sponsored by certain groups, the bill could open the door to financial ruin for a retail investor who may not have understood the consequences of his or her investment. So I oppose this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. I have actually had the pleasure and the honor of sitting through a number of these demo days and seeing these pitches being made. People are coming in, and they are literally laying out their dreams, their hopes, and, frankly, their hard work because they wouldn’t be there that day if it wasn’t for their hard work. They are looking for a cou-ple of things. As small businesses and entrepreneurs, they are looking for capital and credit. We use the word ‘‘capital’’ a lot around here, but think of it as cash and credit. They really are looking for someone who will buy into their dream, who will look at their hard work, and who will understand that their dreams can become a reality with hope. This bill is trying to do that. Members are hearing a lot of doom and gloom on the other side. In fact, I think the phrase was just thrown out, financial doom for the retail investor. Let’s talk about these retail investors. For you to become an accredited in-vestor, someone who would qualify to be able to invest in these startup com-panies, according to SEC rule 501, you need to be married, jointly; $300,000 in income; and $1 million of net worth, ex-cluding your home. So you cannot in-clude a million-dollar home. You have to have $1 million net worth outside of your home and have an income of $300,000. Earlier, college students were brought up. Not a whole lot of college students that I am aware of have $300,000 annual income or $1 million net worth. These are people who are sophisti-cated, typically. They are high net worth, by definition. Interestingly enough, as Members of Congress, if we allowed some of these amendments to go through and these restrictions to go through, as Members of Congress, we would be excluded from the room. We would be excluded. We couldn’t even go in there to educate ourselves about how this process works. That, ulti-mately, is what this is about. Those pitch days are not just for those people who are going to invest. Those pitch days are not just for the people who are going to do the invest-ing. Those pitch days are for others to learn, to have an understanding. If you are a college student sitting in the back row, to understand what it looks like to become an entrepreneur, to really become a part of that engine of the American economy, you should be in the room. If you are someone who might be making a pitch later on and want to see how this happens and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.046 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH264 January 10, 2017 
works, you ought to be in the room. Let’s not exclude those people. Why would we have a government closed off, closed room, a government- sanctioned closed room that would keep people from understanding and achieving their hopes and dreams and success? I am pleased to be up here and to talk about this issue because we know that for our standing in the world, we need to have a dynamic economy. Our dynamic economy starts with our en-trepreneurs and the risk-takers who are willing to invest in those ideas. I just want to commend the gentle-woman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ) and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) for working in a bipartisan manner. I expect we are going to see a massively bipartisan vote for this bill, and I ea-gerly await that. I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 79. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. The bill shall be consid-ered as read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 79 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Helping An-gels Lead Our Startups Act’’ or the ‘‘HALOS Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF ANGEL INVESTOR GROUP. 
As used in this Act, the term ‘‘angel inves-tor group’’ means any group that— (1) is composed of accredited investors in-terested in investing personal capital in early-stage companies; (2) holds regular meetings and has defined processes and procedures for making invest-ment decisions, either individually or among the membership of the group as a whole; and (3) is neither associated nor affiliated with brokers, dealers, or investment advisers. 
SEC. 3. CLARIFICATION OF GENERAL SOLICITA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise Regulation D of its rules (17 CFR 230.500 et seq.) to require that in carrying out the prohibition against general solicitation or general advertising contained in section 230.502(c) of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, the prohibition shall not apply to a presentation or other communication made by or on behalf of an issuer which is made at an event— (1) sponsored by— (A) the United States or any territory thereof, by the District of Columbia, by any State, by a political subdivision of any State or territory, or by any agency or public in-strumentality of any of the foregoing; (B) a college, university, or other institu-tion of higher education; (C) a nonprofit organization; (D) an angel investor group; (E) a venture forum, venture capital asso-ciation, or trade association; or (F) any other group, person or entity as the Securities and Exchange Commission may determine by rule; (2) where any advertising for the event does not reference any specific offering of se-curities by the issuer; (3) the sponsor of which— (A) does not make investment rec-ommendations or provide investment advice to event attendees; (B) does not engage in an active role in any investment negotiations between the issuer and investors attending the event; (C) does not charge event attendees any fees other than administrative fees; and (D) does not receive any compensation with respect to such event that would re-quire registration of the sponsor as a broker or a dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or as an investment advisor under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; and (4) where no specific information regarding an offering of securities by the issuer is com-municated or distributed by or on behalf of the issuer, other than— (A) that the issuer is in the process of of-fering securities or planning to offer securi-ties; (B) the type and amount of securities being offered; (C) the amount of securities being offered that have already been subscribed for; and (D) the intended use of proceeds of the of-fering. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subsection (a) may only be construed as requiring the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission to amend the requirements of Regulation D with re-spect to presentations and communications, and not with respect to purchases or sales. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 115– 2. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . VELA´ZQUEZ  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–2. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 18, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 3, after line 24, insert the following: (E) provides attendees with a disclosure, as prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission by rule, describing the nature of the event and the risks of investing in the securities being advertised; and Add at the end the following: (c) N
OPRE-EXISTING RELATIONSHIP BY REA-
SON OF EVENT .—Attendance at an event de-scribed under subsection (a) shall not qual-ify, by itself, as establishing a pre-existing relationship between an issuer and a pur-chaser, for purposes of Rule 506(b). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 33, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New York. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. When we think of a startup business, the early days of Apple or Google usu-ally come to mind. Their stories are fa-miliar—hardworking entrepreneurs who beat the odds. Like these compa-nies, most successful startups have sev-eral common ingredients: a new prod-uct or service, a willingness to take risks, and leadership that can navigate the complexities of today’s economy. And successful firms also have a way of securing capital to both get off the ground and to grow. This last ingredient can present seri-ous obstacles as startups face unique financing challenges. Many do not have positive cash flow, putting traditional bank loans out of reach. While some of these firms participate in incubator or accelerator programs that provide a small amount of seed capital, they must find new sources of funding when their initial capital runs out. One avenue for securing additional capital is by participating in demo days or pitch days. At these events, en-trepreneurs have an opportunity to showcase their companies and innova-tions to potential investors. Today’s bill will alter SEC rules to exempt the use of general solicitation for presentations made at demo days. In other words, demo day organizers will not have to comply with the usual procedures verifying that the investors they are attracting to the event are ac-credited. Despite the well-intended goal of ex-panding the use of demo days to better meet startups’ capital needs, it is easy to see how unscrupulous actors could exploit this exemption to deceive ordi-nary people that were drawn to the event by a public advertisement. My amendment makes improvements to ensure attendees at demo days have an opportunity to be informed about the nature of these presentations and the risks of investing in startups. b1500 Typically, demo days are limited to select groups of potential investors. Let’s be clear, these are not science fairs, but they are sophisticated busi-ness presentations designed to raise capital for the entrepreneurs and their startups. However, the underlying bill allows colleges and universities and non-profits to host these events and adver-tise them to the public. It is easy to see how some attendees might not know the true nature of the presen-tation. My amendment will address this by requiring event sponsors to provide an SEC-created disclosure outlining the nature of the event and investment risks. By creating a uniform disclosure, the SEC can take the burden off the sponsors and issuers on what to dis-close. This amendment would also clarify that attendance at a demo day alone does not constitute a preexisting rela-tionship and does not allow a stock issuer to sidestep their obligation to verify that an investor is accredited. Without this clarification, it is pos-sible that issuers could defraud less-so-phisticated retail investors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.048 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H265 January 10, 2017 
Demo days are a great way for our Nation’s entrepreneurs to raise capital, but they should be making presen-tations to the right investors, those that understand the risks of investing in risky startup businesses, not just anyone who saw an advertisement. My amendment would both expand the ability of small businesses to raise capital by tapping into demo days while ensuring that the right kind of investors, those accredited and fully informed, are participating in the small business capital markets. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, so here is the alternate reality you are ex-pected to believe in this scenario that has been created. You are going to have somebody wander off the street with their checkbook in their pocket, listen to a 3- to 5-minute pitch on an idea that is going to change the world, and then they are going to sign away their financial future and life savings. That is the scenario that is being painted for you out there today by the opponents of this commonsense legisla-tion. Again, to be an investor, you must be an accredited investor, according to the SEC rules, Rule 501, that says you have $300,000 of income annually and a net worth of $1 million outside of your home. Owning your house doesn’t count towards that. I have been to these pitch days. You know what you are walking into. You don’t just stumble on it and go: Wow, what’s going on here? I have never thought about this. Tell you what, I am going to write a five- or six- or seven-figure check today and put myself into financial ruin. That is not how these things work. Mr. Chairman, at the end of the day, I think it is important to just review a little bit of the history here. First of all, this amendment isn’t necessary. It would create yet another SEC-required disclosure and further burden the ability for startups to present their ideas to demo days. I would note that this amendment could have been offered last March, ei-ther in committee or while we here in the House had consideration last April 2016. However, in both cases that didn’t occur. Let’s remember why we are here today, Mr. Chairman. When the SEC promulgated the rules to implement Title II of the JOBS Act, the agency made something that was legal prior to April 5 of 2012 suddenly illegal. The SEC decided that demo days that bring together those entrepreneurs and those companies suddenly became a general solicitation. That isn’t the case, and this amend-ment would require the SEC to pre-scribe a disclosure that ‘‘describes the nature of the event and the risks of in-vesting in securities being advertised.’’ There is no sale that day, Mr. Chair-man. No sale at all is going to happen. There is no exchange that happens at that event. This amendment is unnecessary, overly broad, and would delay the re-turn to the certainty that the pre- JOBS Act had brought. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how many other speakers the gentleman has? Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers on this amendment. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. First of all, I am the author of the amendment, and in the amendment, there is no place in which it requires anyone to sign anything. This is a rea-sonable, straightforward, simple amendment that provides transparency and protection to the investors. The gentleman says that this is not an offering. While some presentations may not explicitly be offering securi-ties for sale, these demo days are not a simple science fair. They are sophisti-cated business presentations designed to generate hype and investor interest. If a sponsor wants to advertise such events to the public, it is reasonable that they also provide information re-garding the risk of investing in startups. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, you just heard the author of the amend-ment make the case that this is a com-plicated process in general that an unaccredited person is not going to be allowed to invest in. So it requires the event sponsor to provide attendees with a written disclosure outlining the nature of the event and the risks of in-vesting in the securities for sale. It is not an offering that is happening at those demo days. I would ask my col-leagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from New York will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . CLAY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 115–2. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee for Ms. W
ATERS ’ amend-ment to improve H.R. 79. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 3, line 18, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 3, after line 18, insert the following: (D) does not receive any compensation for making introductions between investors at-tending the event and issuers, or for invest-ment negotiations between such parties; and Page 3, line 19, strike ‘‘(D)’’ and insert ‘‘(E)’’. At the end of the bill, insert the following: (c) D
EFINITION OF ISSUER .—For purposes of this section and the revision of rules re-quired under this section, the term ‘‘issuer’’ means an issuer that is in day-to-day oper-ations as a business, is not in bankruptcy or receivership, is not an investment company, and is not a blank check, blind pool, or shell company. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 33, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chair, I move for the adoption of the amendment. This amendment, combined with Velazquez amendment, if adopted, would ensure that the bill strikes the appropriate balance between capital formation and investor protection. First, the Waters amendment would prohibit event sponsors from collecting finders’ fees for connecting potential investors to companies. This prohibi-tion helps ensure that event sponsors, including colleges, nonprofits, and trade associations, don’t have perverse incentives to drum up sales of stock. Second, the Waters amendment would require the company selling se-curities to be a company operating in the real economy, not a hedge fund, shell company, or company going through bankruptcy. Not only does this provision protect investors from pur-chasing shares of an opaque or specula-tive firm, but it also ensures that the bill is targeted to provide relief to our Nation’s startups and small businesses. These two provisions are common-sense changes that I hope will receive bipartisan support. I move for the adoption of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, once again, we are seeing an unnecessary, duplicative amendment here. The amendment, as it is laid out, creates a new definition of an issuer. The Securi-ties Exchange Act already defines an issuer, and Ms. W
ATERS ’ definition is vague, confusing and, frankly, unneces-sary. Demo days are opportunities for startup companies to present their ideas to potential investors that are accredited. Again, accredited. At this point, all of America is shouting back at C–SPAN, saying, $300,000 in income 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.052 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH266 January 10, 2017 
per year with $1 million net worth, ex-cluding their home. We get this out there. This is not a solicitation or of-fering a security. So what I am, quite honestly, con-cerned about and maybe a little con-fused about is the point of the HALOS Act trying to fix a problem. It is trying to fix a problem. Remember, we want to expose entre-preneurs and their ideas to the broad-est pool of potential investors that in-cludes angel investment community, again, of accredited investors. This re-quirement raises serious compliance concerns for angel investors. It would require entrepreneurs and startups to perform a compliance function that they may not have the physical or fi-nancial means to do so. Again, it is just an additional burden and barrier to entry for entrepreneurs. Again, these are—the entrepreneurs typically aren’t the ones that have $300,000 of annual income or $1 million net worth because, frankly, then they wouldn’t have to be at the pitch. They could fund it themselves. The idea is to make sure that those ideas, those people who are looking for an opportunity are given the broadest opportunity possible. And I think what we are seeing here is a reaction to the notion that, you know what? Maybe people can handle this on their own in-stead of the government needing to step in and be so overly prescriptive and control every decision that they are making. You are seeing a reaction on the other side to that, to that notion of freedom, that idea of an entrepre-neurial spirit; this idea that we all need to be wrapped in bubble wrap as we go out into the world. That is not government’s role or job. Outside of those prescriptions that are already in place, again, we are talking about a narrow group of inves-tors with $300,000 of net income annu-ally, and $1 million net worth who would even qualify to invest in those. Why we would wall this off from oth-ers seeking to learn and to see an op-portunity, I just simply don’t under-stand. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chair, just in closing, let me say that, again, this amendment will bring some balance to the legisla-ture and ensure that the bill is tar-geted to provide relief to our Nation’s startup and small businesses, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I cannot support an amend-ment that makes it more difficult for startups to receive the crucial funding that they need to grow and create new jobs. Again, these are people pursuing their dreams, their hopes. They need capital and credit. They need cash and credit to go fulfill those. Mr. Chairman, I actually believe in the SEC. I believe that the rules that they operate under are sufficient. I be-lieve in the JOBS Act. I believe in the HALO Act that will provide the proper protections to investors, again, quali-fied investors with a $300,000 income and a $1 million net worth. There are proper protections in place. This amendment does nothing but add additional burden to those seeking the investment and those seeking to in-vest. I request opposition from my col-leagues. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri will be postponed. b1515 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. O
LSON ) having assumed the chair, Mr. B
OST, Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 79) to clarify the definition of general solicitation under Federal securities law, had come to no resolution there-on. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 306) to amend the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 to promote energy efficiency via informa-tion and computing technologies, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 306 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Energy Effi-cient Government Technology Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ENERGY-EFFICIENT AND ENERGY-SAVING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title V of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–140; 121 Stat. 1661) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 530. ENERGY-EFFICIENT AND ENERGY-SAV-ING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘information technology’ has the meaning given that term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. ‘‘(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF IMPLEMENTATION  S
TRATEGY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, each Fed-eral agency shall coordinate with the Direc-tor, the Secretary, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to de-velop an implementation strategy (that in-cludes best practices and measurement and verification techniques) for the mainte-nance, purchase, and use by the Federal agency of energy-efficient and energy-saving information technologies, taking into con-sideration the performance goals established under subsection (d). ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—In developing an implementation strategy under subsection (b), each Federal agency shall consider— ‘‘(1) advanced metering infrastructure; ‘‘(2) energy-efficient data center strategies and methods of increasing asset and infra-structure utilization; ‘‘(3) advanced power management tools; ‘‘(4) building information modeling, includ-ing building energy management; ‘‘(5) secure telework and travel substi-tution tools; and ‘‘(6) mechanisms to ensure that the agency realizes the energy cost savings brought about through increased efficiency and utili-zation. ‘‘(d) P
ERFORMANCE GOALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Director, in consultation with the Sec-retary, shall establish performance goals for evaluating the efforts of Federal agencies in improving the maintenance, purchase, and use of energy-efficient and energy-saving in-formation technology. ‘‘(2) B
EST PRACTICES .—The Chief Informa-tion Officers Council established under sec-tion 3603 of title 44, United States Code, shall recommend best practices for the attain-ment of the performance goals, which shall include Federal agency consideration of, to the extent applicable by law, the use of— ‘‘(A) energy savings performance con-tracting; and ‘‘(B) utility energy services contracting. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) A
GENCY REPORTS .—Each Federal agen-cy shall include in the report of the agency under section 527 a description of the efforts and results of the agency under this section. ‘‘(2) OMB 
GOVERNMENT EFFICIENCY REPORTS  
AND SCORECARDS .—Effective beginning not later than October 1, 2017, the Director shall include in the annual report and scorecard of the Director required under section 528 a de-scription of the efforts and results of Federal agencies under this section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 529 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 530. Energy-efficient and energy-sav-ing information technologies.’’. 
SEC. 3. ENERGY EFFICIENT DATA CENTERS. 
Section 453 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17112) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)(D)(iv), by striking ‘‘de-termined by the organization’’ and inserting ‘‘proposed by the stakeholders’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:58 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.054 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H267 January 10, 2017 
(B) by striking paragraph (3); and (2) by striking subsections (c) through (g) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) S
TAKEHOLDER INVOLVEMENT .—The Sec- retary and the Administrator shall carry out subsection (b) in collaboration with informa-tion technology industry and other key stakeholders, with the goal of producing re-sults that accurately reflect the most rel-evant and useful information. In such col-laboration, the Secretary and the Adminis-trator shall pay particular attention to orga-nizations that— ‘‘(1) have members with expertise in energy efficiency and in the development, operation, and functionality of data centers, informa-tion technology equipment, and software, such as representatives of hardware manu-facturers, data center operators, and facility managers; ‘‘(2) obtain and address input from Depart-ment of Energy National Laboratories or any college, university, research institution, industry association, company, or public in-terest group with applicable expertise; ‘‘(3) follow— ‘‘(A) commonly accepted procedures for the development of specifications; and ‘‘(B) accredited standards development processes; and ‘‘(4) have a mission to promote energy effi-ciency for data centers and information technology. ‘‘(d) M
EASUREMENTS AND SPECIFICATIONS .— The Secretary and the Administrator shall consider and assess the adequacy of the spec-ifications, measurements, best practices, and benchmarks described in subsection (b) for use by the Federal Energy Management Pro-gram, the Energy Star Program, and other efficiency programs of the Department of Energy or the Environmental Protection Agency. ‘‘(e) S
TUDY .—The Secretary, in collabora-tion with the Administrator, shall, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Energy Efficient Government Tech-nology Act, make available to the public an update to the Report to Congress on Server and Data Center Energy Efficiency published on August 2, 2007, under section 1 of Public Law 109–431 (120 Stat. 2920), that provides— ‘‘(1) a comparison and gap analysis of the estimates and projections contained in the original report with new data regarding the period from 2008 through 2015; ‘‘(2) an analysis considering the impact of information technologies, including virtualization and cloud computing, in the public and private sectors; ‘‘(3) an evaluation of the impact of the combination of cloud platforms, mobile de-vices, social media, and big data on data cen-ter energy usage; ‘‘(4) an evaluation of water usage in data centers and recommendations for reductions in such water usage; and ‘‘(5) updated projections and recommenda-tions for best practices through fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(f) D
ATA CENTER ENERGY PRACTITIONER  P
ROGRAM .—The Secretary, in collaboration with key stakeholders and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall maintain a data center energy practitioner program that leads to the certification of en-ergy practitioners qualified to evaluate the energy usage and efficiency opportunities in Federal data centers. Each Federal agency shall consider having the data centers of the agency evaluated every 4 years, in accord-ance with section 543(f) of the National En-ergy Conservation Policy Act, by energy practitioners certified pursuant to such pro-gram. ‘‘(g) O
PEN DATA INITIATIVE .—The Sec-retary, in collaboration with key stake-holders and the Office of Management and Budget, shall establish an open data initia-tive for Federal data center energy usage data, with the purpose of making such data available and accessible in a manner that en-courages further data center innovation, op-timization, and consolidation. In estab-lishing the initiative, the Secretary shall consider the use of the online Data Center Maturity Model. ‘‘(h) INTERNATIONAL SPECIFICATIONS AND  M
ETRICS .—The Secretary, in collaboration with key stakeholders, shall actively partici-pate in efforts to harmonize global specifica-tions and metrics for data center energy and water efficiency. ‘‘(i) D
ATA CENTER UTILIZATION METRIC .— The Secretary, in collaboration with key stakeholders, shall facilitate in the develop-ment of an efficiency metric that measures the energy efficiency of a data center (in-cluding equipment and facilities). ‘‘(j) P
ROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMA -
TION.—The Secretary and the Administrator shall not disclose any proprietary informa-tion or trade secrets provided by any indi-vidual or company for the purposes of car-rying out this section or the programs and initiatives established under this section.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). Pursuant to the rule, the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Govern-ment is a major consumer of elec-tricity, and its information tech-nologies account for a large and grow-ing percentage of that major use. That is why we need H.R. 306, the Energy Ef-ficient Government Technology Act, introduced by my good friend from California (Ms. E
SHOO ). This bill creates a process by which Federal agencies can incorporate the latest efficiency improvements in their information technologies, including data centers. It also sets out yard-sticks to measure progress. The result of this bill would be lower Federal energy bills and taxpayer sav-ings. In addition, the Federal Govern-ment can set an example for energy ef-ficiency that the private sector IT sys-tems would be able to copy. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am really pleased to rise today in support of this legisla-tion, the Energy Efficient Government Technology Act. I want to thank my colleague and friend, Mr. O
LSON , for his wonderful de-scription of the bill and his important support of it. I want to thank the new chairman of the full committee, Mr. WALDEN , and the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. P
ALLONE , for their support, and my legislative part-ner, A
DAM KINZINGER , for his partner-ship on this bill. I hope that this, the 115th Congress, is going to be the magic charm. I have introduced this bill now in three Con-gresses, and it passed in each Congress, but it didn’t make it to the President’s desk. I hope this time it will. The bill is really a very simple one. It is about bringing the Federal Gov-ernment’s IT and data centers into the 21st century. The Federal Government is the Nation’s largest energy user. I want to say that again. The Federal Government is our Nation’s largest en-ergy user, and we should lead by exam-ple in this area. By requiring Federal agencies to uti-lize the best technologies and energy management strategies, this bill will reduce the government’s energy use. Very importantly, it is going to save taxpayer dollars, and it is going to also set an example for the private sector. Today, the world generates more data in 12 hours than was generated in all of human history prior to 2003. I can tell by the look on your face, Mr. Speaker, that that takes your breath away. This data must be stored and proc-essed at data centers, which are the backbone of the 21st century economy, but can be highly energy inefficient. While we now routinely hear about data centers, this was not the case when I began examining this issue over a decade ago. In those days, I had to explain to my colleagues what a data center was. In 2005, I offered language in the En-ergy Policy Act which mandated an EPA study on the energy use and en-ergy costs of data centers. This report was then transmitted to Congress in 2007, and today most Americans under-stand that data centers are a critical part of our national infrastructure and are found in nearly every sector of our economy. According to the GSA, the Federal Government, alone, has more than 2,000 data centers which store everything from Social Security and tax records to e-books at the Library of Congress. Several Silicon Valley companies have taken the lead in developing effi-cient, sustainable data centers, but we can do much, much more across the private sector and the government. The Department of Energy estimates that the 70 billion kilowatt hours of electricity that are used by U.S. data centers annually could be slashed in half simply through implementation of best practices and existing tech-nologies. This bill, H.R. 306, will drive energy efficiency improvements across the government’s IT and data centers by requiring Federal agencies to, number one, utilize the best technologies and energy management strategies; two, formulate specific goals and periodi-cally review their energy efficiency—it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.018 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH268 January 10, 2017 
is very important to track the effi-ciencies—and, three, make government center data energy usage statistics public in a way that empowers further innovation. Importantly, the bill requires govern-ment agencies to formulate specific performance goals and a means to cal-culate overall cost savings from imple-mentation. Mr. Speaker, as I said, I first intro-duced the legislation in 2013. It has passed the House by wide margins in each of the last two Congresses. It is noncontroversial. It is bipartisan. It makes sense. I want to urge all of my colleagues to support the bill. I thank my colleagues on a bipar-tisan basis at the Energy and Com-merce Committee, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleague in trying to spice things up, so I reserve the balance of my allotted time. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CNERNEY ), my valued col-league on the committee. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 306, the Energy Effi-cient Government Technology Act, sponsored by the committee. It is also bipartisan, as my colleague from Cali-fornia mentioned, sponsored by Ms. E
SHOO and Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. H.R. 306 promotes the use of energy efficiency and energy savings informa-tion technologies and practices across the Federal Government, especially in data centers. The bill amends the Energy Inde-pendence Act of 2007 to require Federal agencies to coordinate with the OMB, DOE, and EPA in developing an imple-mentation strategy for the mainte-nance, purchase, and use of energy effi-ciency and energy savings information technology. Ten percent of Federal electricity is consumed by Federal energy centers. H.R. 306 aims to keep that at 10 percent or even to reduce it. The legislation also sets out specific items for consideration in developing an implementation strategy that re-quires the establishment of perform-ance goals for evaluating agencies’ ef-forts. In addition, the bill would amend the 2007 act to require the DOE and EPA to collaborate with stakeholders in the implementation of data centers, efficiency programs, and other meas-ures to improve data center energy ef-ficiency. Again, the legislation was passed by the House without dissent last year as stand-alone legislation. I urge my col-leagues to support it. I commend my colleagues Ms. E
SHOO  and Mr. K
INZINGER . Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I have been a naval avi-ator, a Senate staffer, and a Member of Congress. In those 20 years, the best leaders I have seen are ones who lead by example. H.R. 306 makes sure D.C. leads by example. If we lead, the whole country will follow. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘aye’’ on H.R. 306. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 306. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS BROADBAND DEPLOYMENT ACT Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 288) to ensure that small business providers of broadband Inter-net access service can devote resources to broadband deployment rather than compliance with cumbersome regu-latory requirements. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 288 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Busi-ness Broadband Deployment Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXCEPTION TO ENHANCEMENT TO TRANSPARENCY REQUIREMENTS FOR SMALL BUSINESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The enhancements to the transparency rule of the Federal Commu-nications Commission under section 8.3 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, as de-scribed in paragraphs 162 through 184 of the Report and Order on Remand, Declaratory Ruling, and Order of the Federal Commu-nications Commission with regard to pro-tecting and promoting the open Internet (adopted February 26, 2015) (FCC 15–24), shall not apply to any small business. (b) S
UNSET .—Subsection (a) shall not have any force or effect after the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) R
EPORT BY FCC.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Communications Commis-sion shall submit to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that contains the rec-ommendations of the Commission (and data supporting such recommendations) regard-ing— (1) whether the exception provided by sub-section (a) should be made permanent; and (2) whether the definition of the term ‘‘small business’’ for purposes of such excep-tion should be modified from the definition in subsection (d)(2). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
ROADBAND INTERNET ACCESS SERVICE .— The term ‘‘broadband Internet access serv-ice’’ has the meaning given such term in sec-tion 8.2 of title 47, Code of Federal Regula-tions. (2) S
MALL BUSINESS .—The term ‘‘small business’’ means any provider of broadband Internet access service that has not more than 250,000 subscribers. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Tennessee? There was no objection. b1530 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 288, the Small Business Broadband Deployment Act. I am glad that the House is taking swift action on this bill, which would protect small Internet service providers from the en-hanced disclosure requirements laid out in the 2015 Open Internet Order. After adopting the Open Internet Order, the FCC recognized the impor-tance of exempting small ISPs from these enhanced transparency rules and subsequently granted a temporary ex-emption to broadband providers with fewer than 100,000 subscribers. How-ever, the Commission failed to reach an agreement to grant another exemp-tion before the deadline last December and, as a result, has left hundreds of our Nation’s small providers vulnerable to cumbersome rules. FCC Commissioners Pai and O’Rielly have taken action, since the exemption expired, to reassure our small broadband providers that the rules will not be enforced until the situation has been addressed by the Commission, but Congress should go a step further and provide certainty to our Nation’s small businesses and pass this bill. Rather than a 1-year exemption to the enhanced disclosure requirements, this bill would exempt for 5 years broadband providers with fewer than 250,000 subscribers from the enhanced reporting obligations, providing them with the regulatory certainty to invest in their business. At our hearing last January, we heard from multiple witnesses just how cumbersome and burdensome these rules are. One witness described the difference to be as significant as the need to hire regulatory counsel versus the ability to build another tower to provide service. For a small business in a capital-intensive industry, that could be the difference between getting more people connected to the Internet and going out of business. We cannot let our small businesses and hardworking taxpayers be saddled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.057 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H269 January 10, 2017 
with more onerous rules and the costs that they bring. In addition to regu-latory relief for small ISPs, the bill adds certainty for our Nation’s small ISPs by extending the exemption for 5 years. It was disappointing to see the Com-mission fail to reach an agreement at the end of last year to extend the ex-emption, and it is why we are here today. Despite overwhelming bipar-tisan support from Congress and Presi-dent Obama’s Small Business Adminis-tration, negotiations fell short, and our Nation’s smallest and most competi-tive Internet service providers were left to bear the burden. In today’s 21st century economy, we need to do more to encourage connectivity, and this bill embodies that spirit. Congress is poised to pro-vide the regulatory certainty small businesses are seeking in order to in-vest in stronger networks and foster a better consumer experience. I want to thank Chairman W
ALDEN  and Mr. L
OEBSACK for acting quickly to reintroduce this legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to support the commonsense measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First of all, I want to congratulate the gentleman from Oregon on his new chairmanship. I look forward to work-ing across the aisle on most of the issues. It is a good bipartisan sub-committee. I think we have a lot to ac-complish. The Small Business Broadband De-ployment Act, H.R. 288, unanimously passed the House last Congress on a bi-partisan vote, unanimous. H.R. 288 pro-vides a 5-year exemption from the FCC’s enhanced transparency rules for small Internet service providers that serve 250,000 or fewer subscribers. This exemption comes with the un-derstanding that there is a 5-year sun-set on the exemption and that the FCC report to Congress with sufficient in-formation to help us better understand the impacts on the consumers of a per-manent exemption, of a possible per-manent exemption. This data will also better inform us whether a longer term exemption is necessary and whether we got the definition of what a small busi-ness is right in this case. It is also worth noting that H.R. 288 would leave intact the FCC’s 2010 transparency rules that consumers have come to rely on, such as what they are paying for, Internet speeds they rely on, data quality, and so on. At the same time, these modifications provide certainty for small ISPs while the FCC collects and reports relevant information to Congress. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), the chairman of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce and the author of this legisla-tion. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the new subcommittee chairman of the Subcommittee on Communica-tions and Technology. I know our country is in good hands and our com-mittee is as well with Mrs. BLACKBURN  chairing that important subcommittee. I want to thank my colleague from California for his kind comments and his work over the years on these issues. I concur with him that we have a won-derful opportunity to continue our bi-partisan work as the committee has been known for, for a long time. Clear-ly, from time to time, we will have our differences, and we know that as well. It is part of democracy. There is so much of this work, like this bill, that is so very important. As we begin the 115th Congress, I am pleased to be here to support this bi-partisan bill because I think it reflects the best of what government can do for those who sent us here. Small Business Broadband Deployment Act seeks to al-leviate, as you have heard, Mr. Speak-er, these unnecessary regulatory bur-dens on small Internet service pro-viders—these are the small ones, often-times in our rural communities but not always—while still ensuring that con-sumers are protected. We found the right balance here. By extending an exemption to the Federal Communications Commission’s enhanced reporting rules, this bill al-lows these small businesses to focus on their core mission, and that is to pro-vide broadband Internet access to cus-tomers throughout America. Over the past year, we spent a great deal of time focused on this issue. We first raised concerns with the Federal Communica-tions Commission in a letter, Mr. Speaker, from the committee, as well as from the Committee on Small Busi-ness. We urged the chairman, Tom Wheeler, to not only make the exemp-tion permanent but also to raise the threshold by defining a small business to bring it in line with the definitions previously blessed by the Obama ad-ministration’s Small Business Admin-istration. We were trying to find some consistency, some workability, and some common sense here. Well, unfortunately, the FCC only ex-tended the exemption for 1 year, de-spite the overwhelming support to do this permanent extension. It was clear Congress needed to act. That is what we are doing here. I introduced a dis-cussion draft last year that would have permanently extended the exemption and increased the threshold by defining a small business. At our January 2016 legislative hear-ing on the bill, we heard from a small Internet service provider who shared the dilemma that many small ISPs face in these circumstances: Should they put up new equipment, or should they hire a lawyer to help with compli-ance? Should they improve service for customers, or should they devote those financial resources to sifting through regulatory language and drafting ex-tensive reports on packet loss? So often these small ISPs provide service to areas of the country that are rural, like in my district throughout eastern Oregon or Representative LOEBSACK ’s district in Iowa—we heard from him—or may not be as easy to serve and, in some cases, provide a vital competitive edge to larger Inter-net service providers. We should be making all efforts to promote the via-bility of these businesses, not saddle them with additional requirements that make it more difficult to do what they are in business to do. Representative L
OEBSACK and I were able to come to a compromise through extensive negotiation. In the bill we have before us today, we extend this exemption for 5 years. Now, it gives greater regulatory certainty to these small Internet service providers look-ing for predictability when making in-vestment decisions. In addition, we in-creased the threshold for defining a small business and required the FCC to report back to Congress on the exemp-tion along with data around small ISPs that is currently lacking. In the end, this bill presents a good compromise that will relieve burdens for small businesses while leaving in place protections for consumers. So it is important to note this bill doesn’t affect the transparency rules, as my colleagues have mentioned, adopted in the FCC’s 2010 rules. Consumers will continue to have access to those disclo-sures they have come to expect, with the information needed to make in-formed decisions about their Internet service. Again, this bill passed the House unanimously last year, 411–0. Unfortu-nately, while it made it through the Senate Commerce Committee, it never quite came up for a vote in the Senate. In addition, the exemption granted by the FCC expired on December 15, 2016, and has not yet been renewed. Now, that leaves these many small busi-nesses exposed to the serious reporting burden that we have heard about throughout this process, as well as a great deal of uncertainty around what the future may hold for them. It is now more important than ever that we act to quickly fill this gap and protect these businesses and the consumers they serve. I would like to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, especially Representative L
OEBSACK , for working with us on this bill. This bipartisan process has resulted in a strong piece of legislation that I am confident will protect many and promote continued network investment and build-out by small businesses. This legislation rep-resents a commonsense approach to a problem that directly impacts so many of our constituents. This solution will enable our country to continue its leadership in broadband deployment. I urge my colleagues to support this leg-islation. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank the chairman for his work on this and for his willingness to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.061 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH270 January 10, 2017 
compromise. As he pointed out, it was a process. It took both sides. I think he wanted permanent exemption, we wanted a less exemption, and it worked out. I think it is the right compromise. Five years gives businesses the predict-ability they need. It is a good place to be. In 5 years, we will see the report and whether it makes sense to con-tinue the exemption or not. I also want to take this opportunity to congratulate my colleague from Tennessee on assuming the chairman-ship of the subcommittee. I look for-ward to our working together. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ), a new member of our committee, the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to express my support of H.R. 288, the Small Business Broadband Deployment Act. In 2015, the FCC adopted burdensome trans-parency requirements for Internet service providers. The FCC imme-diately recognized that these new transparency requirements would be particularly burdensome for small Internet service providers, so they pro-vided a temporary exemption for pro-viders with 100,000 or fewer subscribers. Despite overwhelming support to make the exemption permanent, the Com-mission extended the current exemp-tion for just an additional year. The bill eases the burdens created by the FCC rule by extending the exemp-tion to Internet service providers who have 250,000 subscribers or less and ex-tends the exemption for 5 years. This is commonsense legislation. This bill provides relief and certainty to Internet service providers so they can continue to build networks, deploy broadband, improve connectivity for rural consumers, and create jobs. I commend Chairman W
ALDEN for championing this legislation so that we can continue to grow our infrastruc-ture and improve connectivity for rural Americans. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ). Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 288, the Small Business Broadband Deployment Act. This commonsense, bipartisan legisla-tion does two important things. First, it extends the temporary exemption granted to small businesses by the Fed-eral Communications Commission, the FCC, from the burdensome disclosure requirements for Internet service pro-viders and the FCC’s own Open Inter-net Order by 5 years. Second, it in-creases the number of small businesses that can utilize the exemption by rais-ing the threshold from 100,000 sub-scribers to the much more realistic 250,000 subscribers. Small businesses frequently feel that the Federal Government exercises its most creativity in looking for new ways to get in their way. Oftentimes, small Internet providers are the only ones willing to take the risk and de-ploy broadband to particularly hard-to- reach areas of rural America. The last thing they have time for is the FCC im-posing a greater regulatory burden on them, diverting precious resources to make Washington bureaucrats busy in-stead of doing what they do best, pro-viding high quality broadband services to millions of Americans in every cor-ner of our country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and help reduce a portion of the tedious regulatory bur-den on small businesses. b1545 Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I just want to say that the bill passed unanimously in the last Con-gress. It is bipartisan. It gives small ISP providers a certain amount of time and it allows the FCC to decide if it is overburdensome or not, to require them to disclose information to their customers. This allows us to give cus-tomers the amount of protection that is due them as well. So it is a good compromise. I urge all of my colleagues to support it. I thank my colleagues for their hard work. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I will just encourage my colleagues to join us in passing H.R. 288. As my colleague from California said, this is one of those commonsense meas-ures. When you talk about removing the burden of regulatory overreach from our Nation’s small business, and in this case, our small Internet service providers, this is something that will help get that job done. It is also some-thing that will help extend Internet service to more Americans, and that is a goal that we all share. So at this time, in closing, I encour-age passage of H.R. 288. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 288. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INSPIRING THE NEXT SPACE PIO-NEERS, INNOVATORS, RE-SEARCHERS, AND EXPLORERS (INSPIRE) WOMEN ACT Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 321) to inspire women to enter the aerospace field, including science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 321 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Inspiring the Next Space Pioneers, Innovators, Re-searchers, and Explorers (INSPIRE) Women Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds that— (1) NASA GIRLS and NASA BOYS are vir-tual mentoring programs using commer-cially available video chat programs to pair National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion mentors with young students anywhere in the country. NASA GIRLS and NASA BOYS give young students the opportunity to interact and learn from real engineers, scientists, and technologists. (2) The Aspire to Inspire (A2I) program en-gages young girls to present science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) career opportunities through the real lives and jobs of early career women at NASA. (3) The Summer Institute in Science, Tech-nology, Engineering, and Research (SISTER) program at the Goddard Space Flight Center is designed to increase awareness of, and pro-vide an opportunity for, female middle school students to be exposed to and explore nontraditional career fields with Goddard Space Flight Center women engineers, math-ematicians, scientists, technicians, and re-searchers. 
SEC. 3. SUPPORTING WOMEN’S INVOLVEMENT IN THE FIELDS OF AEROSPACE AND SPACE EXPLORATION. 
The Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration shall en-courage women and girls to study science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, pursue careers in aerospace, and further ad-vance the Nation’s space science and explo-ration efforts through support of the fol-lowing initiatives: (1) NASA GIRLS and NASA BOYS. (2) Aspire to Inspire. (3) Summer Institute in Science, Tech-nology, Engineering, and Research. 
SEC. 4. PLAN. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a plan for how NASA can best facilitate and support both current and retired astronauts, scientists, engineers, and innovators, includ-ing early career female astronauts, sci-entists, engineers, and innovators, to engage with K–12 female STEM students and inspire the next generation of women to consider participating in the fields of science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics and to pursue careers in aerospace. This plan shall— (1) report on existing activities with cur-rent and retired NASA astronauts, sci-entists, engineers, and innovators; (2) identify how NASA could best leverage existing authorities to facilitate and support current and retired astronaut, scientist, en-gineer, and innovator participation in NASA outreach efforts; (3) propose and describe a program specific to retired astronauts, scientists, engineers, and innovators; and (4) identify any additional authorities nec-essary to institute such a program. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.062 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H271 January 10, 2017 
Virginia (Mrs. C OMSTOCK ) and the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 321, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise to offer H.R. 321, the INSPIRE Act. I am pleased to lead this effort along with the chairman and ranking member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, L
AMAR SMITH and E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , as well as Congresswoman E
STY. We did pass this bill last year and now we are revisiting it since it didn’t get through the Senate. Recently, the movie, ‘‘Hidden Fig-ures,’’ was released detailing a few of the unsung heroes of NASA. This movie highlights the moving story of a group of African American women who worked at NASA at a historic time in the 1960s as mathematicians during the space race. Katherine Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan, and Mary Jackson were fea-tured in the movie for their work that launched America into space. In a recent interview with the LA Times, Ms. Johnson, who is still living, was asked: ‘‘At the time, did you know that John Glenn asked for ‘the girl’ (which would be you) to check the numbers before he took his landmark flight into space? Did it heighten the stakes for you?’’ Ms. Johnson’s response: ‘‘I knew they asked me to check the numbers. That was what I did. They knew my record for accuracy. I knew and had con-fidence in my math, so I did it. I al-ways did my best.’’ Mr. Speaker, I didn’t know the story of these women growing up, even though they were doing these things at a time when we were all watching these things happen. But now today’s young women well know that story. It is an inspiring story. It is one of those movies Ms. E
STYand I were speaking about yesterday that were on our list of must-sees. These women were critical to the success of our astronauts and our space program that would eventually put a man on the Moon. Now is the time to pass this legislation that will afford op-portunities to a future generation of women leaders who will have a similar impact on our Nation’s history, and maybe, one day, put a woman on Mars. The INSPIRE Act authorizes the NASA administrator to encourage young women to study mathematics, known as the STEM fields, and to pur-sue careers that will further advance America’s space science and explo-ration efforts through support of NASA initiatives such as NASA GIRLS, As-pire 2 Inspire, and the Summer Insti-tute in Science, Technology, Engineer-ing, and Research—SISTER. The goal of NASA GIRLS is to create a virtual mentoring project that offers a one-of-a-kind experience to middle school students using online capabili-ties. NASA’s vision for Aspire 2 Inspire was to reach out to young girls and present some of the STEM career op-portunities through the real lives and jobs of early career women at NASA. The SISTER program is designed to increase awareness of and provide an opportunity for female middle school students to be exposed to and explore nontraditional career fields with God-dard Space Flight Center women engi-neers, mathematicians, scientists, technicians, and researchers. Accord-ing to NASA, 58 women have traveled in space. Forty-nine of those have flown with NASA. Of course, there are so many other careers available for women in NASA, and we want to make sure all of those are available for them. We know the stories of women like Sally Ride and Mae Jemison, but, ironically, we didn’t know these hidden figures that are be-hind the scene. So now, as we move for-ward under this program, we hope ev-eryone will know about the many women and the many careers open to both men and women in this NASA program. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 321, the IN-SPIRE Women Act. This bill calls on the NASA adminis-trator to support initiatives that en-courage girls and young women to study STEM fields and pursue careers in aerospace. Unfortunately, women are woefully underrepresented in many STEM fields, including aeronautics and aerospace. One of the key barriers to women entering technical fields is self- selection out of STEM degrees due to a lack of role models. In the words of longtime children’s advocate and activist, Marian Wright Edelman: ‘‘You can’t be what you can’t see.’’ Too many girls and young women de-cide not to pursue studies in technical fields such as science, engineering, and aerospace because they look at their teachers and their role models and they see no one who looks like them. When students are able to visualize themselves working in technical fields, they gain the confidence they need to take the first step in pursuit of a chal-lenging and rewarding STEM career, to their benefit and to the benefit of soci-ety as a whole. NASA, with its extraordinary STEM workforce, is in a unique position to help close this gap. The agency has ac-cess to a diverse group of current and retired women astronauts, scientists, engineers, mathematicians, and innovators whose accomplishments and career paths are just the sort of inspi-ration that girls and young women need. Astronaut Kate Rubins broke bar-riers and boundaries when she became the first person to ever sequence DNA in space during her spaceflight last year. Just last Friday, Peggy Whitson, the first female commander of the Inter-national Space Station, completed her seventh space walk. Vera Rubin’s recent passing re-minded us of her trailblazing career in astronomy in which she made the groundbreaking discovery of dark mat-ter. As has already been mentioned by my friend and colleague, BARBARA COM-
STOCK , the newly released movie, ‘‘Hid-den Figures,’’ highlights through the pioneering story of early NASA mathe-maticians and engineers Katherine Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan, and Mary Jackson that women have been instru-mental to our aerospace enterprise since its inception. NASA has developed a number of pro-grams aimed at leveraging its inspira-tional workforce to encourage girls and young women to pursue STEM degrees and STEM careers. This includes the NASA GIRLS program, the Aspire 2 In-spire program, and the Summer Insti-tute in Science, Technology, Engineer-ing, and Research, or SISTER program. H.R. 321 instructs the NASA adminis-trator to continue supporting these and other programs that encourage women and girls to study science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics, as well as to pursue careers in aero-space. Additionally, the bill calls on NASA to develop a plan for how it can best fa-cilitate and support current and retired astronauts, scientists, engineers, and innovators to engage with K–12 female STEM students. Although retired engineers, astro-nauts, scientists, and engineers are in-valuable to inspiring the next genera-tion of NASA scientists, I am espe-cially glad and thankful to my col-league for including early career fe-male astronauts, scientists, engineers, and innovators in this plan. It is very important for America’s young girls to have experiences interacting with young women who look like them in the STEM fields. I thank my Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee colleague, Rep-resentative C
OMSTOCK , for her leader-ship on the bill, as well as our es-teemed chairman, L
AMAR SMITH, and our wonderful ranking member, E
DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON . I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.066 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH272 January 10, 2017 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 321, the INSPIRE Women Act, and com-mend the leadership of Congresswoman C
OMSTOCK and Congresswoman E STYon this bill, which I am pleased to also co-sponsor. We should be doing all we can to en-courage young women who wish to study or follow a STEM career path, and Congresswoman C
OMSTOCK has in-troduced this commonsense bill to achieve that goal. H.R. 321 would require NASA to sup-port astronauts, scientists, and engi-neers who have retired in their efforts to encourage young women who are in-terested in studying or working in a STEM field. Mr. Speaker, innovative thinkers are critical to our country’s success in the modern global workforce. But we have heard the statistics. Women make up half of the U.S. workforce and half of the college educated workforce. Yet, only 25 percent of women who attain degrees in the STEM field actually end up working in STEM jobs. That is why I support this bill and that is why I think the aims of this bill are very laudable and could go a long way toward closing that gap. It is an important effort to improve retention of women studying and working in STEM fields. I thank again Congresswomen C
OM-
STOCK and E STYfor their leadership. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ), my ranking member. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 321, the Inspiring the Next Space Pioneers, Innovators, Researchers, and Explorers Women Act. I want to express my appreciation for the leadership of Congresswoman E
STY and Congresswoman C
OMSTOCK . This bill would help ensure that the incoming administration continues to promote and strengthen important pro-grams at NASA to inspire and mentor girls and young women to pursue stud-ies and careers in STEM areas. Despite progress in the right direc-tion, women remain largely underrep-resented in STEM fields because they continue to face cultural and institu-tional barriers throughout their stud-ies and career progression. H.R. 321 would support existing pro-grams at NASA that encourage young girls and women to study STEM fields and pursue careers in aerospace. b1600 These programs include NASA GIRLS, a virtual mentoring program; Aspire to Inspire, a program con-necting young girls with women in STEM careers at NASA; and a summer institute program that increases awareness and exposes young, middle school girls to the STEM careers at NASA. H.R. 321 also calls on NASA to de-velop a plan for how best to use its cur-rent and retired workforce to mentor female K–12 students. What comes to mind are the inspirational women who are featured in the new movie ‘‘Hidden Figures.’’ Those brilliant and brave women opened the door for so many who followed. We must continue to support our great women in STEM who dedicate their time to mentor the girls and young women who will be our next scientists, engineers, and innovators. I thank my colleagues again—Rep-resentative COMSTOCK for her leader-ship on this bill and Representative E
STY. I strongly support this bill and encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass it. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank my esteemed colleagues for their leadership on this, in particular, Representative C
OMSTOCK from Vir-ginia and the ranking member. This is a very laudable bill that plays an important role in inspiring the next generation of STEM engineers and sci-entists, and I am pleased that we are able to offer this again. This did pass in the last Congress. Unfortunately, it did not make it through the Senate. I am delighted that we are moving early in this session and would urge all of my colleagues to swiftly pass this, to send it to the Senate, and to get it on the President’s desk and make sure these important programs are supported long into the future. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, we have had over 65 cosponsors this year on the bill, as was mentioned by my colleague. It had strong bipartisan sup-port last year and it has also been in-troduced now in the Senate, so we cer-tainly hope it will move through quick-ly. Eileen Collins, who became the first female to command and pilot a space-craft, was asked to give advice to fu-ture astronauts. She stated: 
My advice to young people is to go into the field you are most interested in. If you love your job, you will do well in your job. 
I think what we have all discussed here today is, when you can see that job and when you can see people who look like you—see women and people from all walks of life in those posi-tions—and the Internet allows us to do that now, then you can really have that kind of exposure, which is quite exciting. I appreciate the opportunity to, once again, present this bill, and I ask my colleagues to join me in support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, science, technology, engineering and math are critical to America’s future prosperity. Women are unfortunately underrepresented in STEM careers. Despite representing nearly half of the college-educated and total U.S. workforce, women account for less than 25 percent of America’s STEM workforce. Supporting women’s involvement in the fields of aerospace and space exploration should be an important part of NASA’s mis-sion. Current NASA programs such as NASA GIRLS and NASA BOYS are important and give young students the opportunity to interact and learn from real NASA engineers, sci-entists, and technologists. They provide virtual mentoring that use commercially available video chat programs to pair NASA innovators with young students across the country. H.R. 321 builds upon this success. It leverages NASA’s talent pool of current and retired astronauts, and early career female sci-entists, engineers, and innovators to inform and inspire young women to pursue their dreams in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. One day, these young peo-ple will push the boundaries of space. Space can be a catalyst for inspiring young girls to enter the STEM fields. By doing our part to support their engagement in space with this legislation, we are investing in the futures of our daughters, nieces, and grandchildren. I again want to thank the bill sponsor, Re-search and Technology Subcommittee Chair-woman COMSTOCK for her leadership on this topic. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 321, the INSPIRE Women, Act. I support this legislation because Article 1 Section 8 of the United States Constitution states our duty ‘‘To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for lim-ited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclu-sive Right to their respective Writings and Dis-coveries . . .’’ This includes the education of our next gen-eration of women considering participation in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics and to pursue careers in aerospace. Statistics show that women remain under-represented in the science and engineering workforce, although to a lesser degree than in the past, with the greatest disparities occurring in engineering, computer science, and the physical sciences (NSF, Science & Engineer-ing Indicators, 2014). 1. Female scientists and engineers are con-centrated in different occupations than are men, with relatively high shares of women in the social sciences (58 percent) 2. biological and medical sciences (48 per-cent) 3. relatively low shares in engineering (13 percent) 4. computer and mathematical sciences (25 percent) (NSF, Science & Engineering Indica-tors, 2014). Women make up 47 percent of the total U.S. workforce, but are much less represented in particular science and engineering occupa-tions (U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics, Women in the Labor Force: A Databook, 2014): 1. 39 percent of chemists and material sci-entists are women; 2. 27.9 percent of environmental scientists and geoscientists are women; 3. 15.6 percent of chemical engineers are women; 4. 12.1 percent of civil engineers are women; 5. 8.3 percent of electrical and electronics engineers are women; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.067 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H273 January 10, 2017 
6. 17.2 percent of industrial engineers are women; and 7. 7.2 percent of mechanical engineers are women. These statistics show that measures need to be taken in order to promote women partici-pation in the fields of science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics and to pursue ca-reers in aerospace. H.R. 321 will support NASA GIRLS and NASA BOYS, virtual mentoring programs using commercially available video chat pro-grams, to pair National Aeronautics and Space Administration mentors with young students anywhere in the country. NASA GIRLS and NASA BOYS give young students the opportunity to interact and learn from real engineers, scientists, and tech-nologists. H.R. 321 will also support the ‘‘Aspire to In-spire’’ Program (A2I), which engages young girls to present science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics (STEM) career opportu-nities through the real lives and jobs of early career women at NASA. H.R. 321 also promotes the Summer Insti-tute in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Research (SISTER) program at the Goddard Space Flight Center designed to increase awareness of, and provide an opportunity for, female middle school students to be exposed to and explore nontraditional career fields with Goddard Space Flight Center women engi-neers, mathematicians, scientists, technicians, and researchers. Let me close by urging all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 321. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 321. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROMOTING WOMEN IN ENTREPRENEURSHIP ACT Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 255) to authorize the National Science Foundation to support entre-preneurial programs for women. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 255 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting Women in Entrepreneurship Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds that— (1) women make up almost 50 percent of the workforce, but less than 25 percent of the workforce in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics (STEM) professions; (2) women are less likely to focus on the STEM disciplines in undergraduate and grad-uate study; (3) only 26 percent of women who do attain degrees in STEM fields work in STEM jobs; (4) there is an increasing demand for indi-viduals with STEM degrees to extend their focus beyond the laboratory so they can be leaders in discovery commercialization; (5) studies have shown that technology and commercialization ventures are successful when women are in top management posi-tions; and (6) the National Science Foundation’s mis-sion includes supporting women in STEM disciplines. SEC. 3. SUPPORTING WOMEN’S ENTREPRE-NEURIAL PROGRAMS. 
Section 33 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (10); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (11) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) encourage its entrepreneurial pro-grams to recruit and support women to ex-tend their focus beyond the laboratory and into the commercial world.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) and the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 255, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I offer another bipartisan bill that Ms. E
STYand I have introduced, H.R. 255, her bill called Promoting Women in Entrepreneurship Act. We are joined again on this measure by the chairman and the ranking member, who are original cosponsors of this bill. Our bill, H.R. 255, amends the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act to authorize the National Science Foundation to use its entrepreneurial programs to recruit women and to ex-tend their focus beyond the laboratory and into the commercial world. The bill also includes a number of findings regarding women in science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics fields, also known as the STEM fields. One finding in this bill notes that women make up almost 50 percent of the workforce but less than 25 percent of the workforce in STEM professions. We want to make sure we can do every-thing to improve these statistics, and we believe this bill, along with our ear-lier bill that we voted on, is a step in the right direction. Again, I have been happy to collabo-rate with my colleague, Congress-woman E
STY, on this important legis-lation for our young women so that they may look to the stars and realize their dreams in this important field that will really be important in the 21st century. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 255, the Pro-moting Women in Entrepreneurship Act. Our bill encourages the National Science Foundation to use its success-ful entrepreneurial education and training programs, such as the Innova-tion Corps, known as I-Corps, and Part-nerships for Innovation, to inspire, re-cruit, and support women scientists and engineers who are interested in turning their laboratory discoveries into commercial technologies. Mr. Speaker, you may ask: Why is it that we need a bill like this? We have these programs. Doesn’t everyone know that we need more women in the STEM fields? The answer is twofold: Number one, we have a workforce shortage. If you take the field of ad-vanced manufacturing by itself, in New England, there are 16,000 positions that are open currently. We have people who are looking for work—many of them women. They don’t have the skill sets to meet that open job need right now, and that is a need for America to fill those jobs; so, number one, we need our qualified workforce with appropriate skills to meet the jobs of today. We also need to think about the jobs of tomorrow. We are a wonderfully di-verse country. Over half of our work-force is made up of women and people of color—historically, chronically, still—underrepresented in the STEM fields. There are problems we aren’t even addressing and solutions we haven’t thought of if we don’t have more women with these power tools of the STEM skills to address the chal-lenges and opportunities that this country is facing; so it is both a moral and an economic imperative that we equip more young women, and that is what our bill aims to do here today. I have heard time and time again in my district, in which we have a lot of small startup companies and major universities, about this challenge that we face of bridging that gap between the laboratory and what happens in the commercial workforce. Through my work, I have formed a STEM advisory council and have met with them for the last 2 years. Among these are the prob-lems they identified: limited access to capital, a lack of women mentors in the STEM fields, unmanageable expec-tations for work-life balance, and un-conscious biases against women in the sciences. These are among the sorts of issues for which the I-Corps and the Partnerships for Innovation have been designed—in order to help close that gap to deal with these issues. I want to give you examples of two of the women in my district with whom I have met who are benefiting from these programs and why we need to have more of them and the kind of dif-ference that they will make. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.022 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH274 January 10, 2017 
The first is Zengmin Xia. She is a student at the University of Con-necticut, and she helped the Wei Lab-oratory secure a National Science Foundation I-Corps grant to commer-cialize her work on tissue engineer scaffolds, innovative work which is going to help with bone repair and re-generation. She attributes her success to her female adviser and mentor, Pro-fessor Mei Wei, who encouraged her as a young woman to carry out her path forward in the biotech world. She helped her make that transition from the lab and the classroom out into the commercial world. She was lucky that she had a mentor with the experience to help close this gap. Claire Leonardi is the CEO of Health Esense, which is a digital health start-up firm in Avon, Connecticut. She re-ceived seed grant funding and gained access to hands-on training workshops to learn how to market her technology to consumers. She is now equipped with the tools to take her discovery and bring it into market. Both of these women scientists are examples of the kind of innovation, the kind of economic engine, and the prob-lem solving we need all Americans to participate in. That is what is at stake. That is why we are proposing this. This is not simply about having a poster with a diverse group of scientists to hang on the wall at the Air and Space Museum and inspire young people. That is important, but it is also impor-tant to build on the good work we have already done with the National Science Foundation—to really provide that equipment, those tools, those mentors, the training, and to take those lab dis-coveries, the basic R&D, and commer-cialize it. I am very excited that we are re-introducing this bill. It passed with overwhelming support in the last Con-gress. Once again, sadly, it did not pass in the Senate, but we will start early in this Congress. I am delighted to be working again with my colleague, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ; with the ranking member, E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , who is here today; and with Chairman S
MITH, who is detained with other committee work. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ). Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 255, the Promoting Women in En-trepreneurship Act. The bill helps to build on STEM edu-cation and mentorship programs, such as those highlighted in the INSPIRE Women Act. More women are pursuing STEM de-grees and careers overall, but they con-tinue to be underrepresented in many STEM fields. This is especially true in STEM fields with high entrepreneur-ship rates, such as engineering and computer science. Women who success-fully complete degrees in these fields and want to turn their research and their talents into building new compa-nies and creating new jobs then dis-proportionately face new hurdles, such as obtaining access to credit. Unfortunately, because of these bar-riers, it remains as important as ever for our Federal science agencies to sup-port programs and provide grants with the goal of encouraging, inspiring, and supporting women in STEM at all lev-els of their education and training, in-cluding entrepreneurship education and training. H.R. 255 ensures that longstanding entrepreneurship education and train-ing programs at the National Science Foundation continue to encourage and recruit women who are looking to move beyond the laboratory and com-mercialize the results of their research. If we are serious about growing our economy, it is just common sense that we would encourage all of our best and brightest—male and female—to com-mercialize their best ideas and create new companies and new jobs. I thank my colleagues Representa-tive ESTYfor her leadership and Rep-resentative C
OMSTOCK for her leader-ship on this bill. I strongly support the bill and encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. b1615 Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, once again, I thank Congressman C
OMSTOCK , Rank-ing Member E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , and our Chairman L
AMAR SMITH, and I would urge my colleagues to support this worthwhile piece of legislation. It is wonderful to be able to start out the legislative session with important leg-islation that will help make a dif-ference. Not only the lives of the indi-viduals who receive these grants and this training but the entire country benefits when we have more women and more young women trained in these fields and able to operationalize and commercialize their discoveries to the benefit of all Americans and, in many cases, the entire world. I urge my colleagues to adopt this and vote in favor of this important res-olution. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman E
STYand Con-gressman J
OHNSON and appreciate their passion on both of these bills and their leadership and, once again, being able to join with them on inspiring the next generation of women leaders in the STEM fields. As was noted by my colleagues, there is such a shortage of people to fill these jobs in general. Now this will equip more women to be able to be prepared in these important fields that will allow us to be leaders in the 21st cen-tury economy. I would like to thank our staff—par-ticularly we have our female staff here who have been very active on our bill, as well as a male. We are fortunate to have female leadership on our staff, also, and we thank them. I know, in working on a program that I have had over the past 4 years, a young woman’s leadership program, NASA, space, and astronauts have been some of the most popular people that our women in junior high and high school have liked to meet, hear from, and really be able to see themselves in those roles and to talk to women who have actually been leaders in those fields. So I appreciate the opportunity to join with my colleagues now in giving that opportunity to the next genera-tion. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 255, the Promoting Women in Entrepre-neurship Act. I thank my Science Committee colleagues Ms. ESTY, who authored the bill, and Research and Technology Subcommittee Chairwoman C
OMSTOCK for their initiative on this issue. H.R. 255 authorizes the National Science Foundation (NSF) to use its existing entrepre-neurial programs to recruit and support women and help them develop their research and technology ideas for the marketplace. STEM education is critical to our country’s economy and global competitiveness. A well- educated and trained STEM workforce pro-motes our future economic prosperity. These STEM workers have the potential to develop technologies that could save thou-sands of lives, jump-start new industries, or even discover new worlds. That’s why I authored with Ms. E
STY the STEM Education Act, a new law that strength-ens science, technology, engineering and mathematics education efforts at federal science agencies. It also, for the first time, ex-pands the definition of STEM to include com-puter science. The bill was signed by the President in October 2015. Unfortunately, studies show that only 26 percent of women who attain degrees in STEM fields work in STEM jobs. H.R. 255 encourages NSF to tackle this problem. It enhances women’s ability to trans-late their enthusiasm, scientific expertise and research ideas into tangible products and businesses. Inspiring American students to seek science and math careers is a goal shared by Repub-licans and Democrats alike. Some of the most energizing and exciting moments of my Science Committee chairmanship have been interactions with young people who want to pursue STEM studies and careers. At various Committee hearings and robotics competitions in my district, I have encountered motivated, talented young people who want nothing more than an opportunity to pursue their dreams. And, in some cases, change the world with their ideas. Their passion for learning and science re-minds me of why I enjoy serving in Congress and on the Science Committee. I again thank Ms. E
STY and Chairwoman C
OMSTOCK for their work on this bill. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of H.R. 255. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 255 the ‘‘Promoting Women in Entrepreneurship Act.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.070 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H275 January 10, 2017 
As a Senior Member on the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security who sits on the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies, I know well of the need to encourage and train women to thrive in the Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) fields. Promoting diversity in the STEM professions is more than just an idea; it requires an under-standing that there is a need to have a proc-ess that will ensure the inclusion of all minori-ties and women in all areas of American life. Studies have found that women make up al-most 50 percent of the workforce. Studies note that 23 percent of STEM work-ers are women; however, women make up 48 percent of workers in all occupations. Only 26 percent of women who do attain degrees in STEM fields work in STEM jobs. According to the most recent available data women are less likely to focus on the STEM disciplines in undergraduate and graduate studies. In 1991, women received 29.6 percent of computer science B.A.’s, compared to just 18.2 percent in 2010. Jobs in computer systems design and re-lated services, a field dependent upon high- level math and problem-solving skills, are pro-jected to grow 45 percent between 2008 and 2018. There are approximately 6 million women and minority owned businesses in the United States, representing a significant aspect of our economy. My home city of Houston, Texas, the energy capital of the world, knows the importance of professionals in the STEM industries. It has been reported that the highest-paying STEM occupations are petroleum engineers with an annual salary of $147,520, architec-tural and engineering managers with an an-nual salary of $138,720, natural sciences managers with an annual salary of $136,450, computer and information systems managers with an annual salary of $136,280, and physi-cists with a reported annual salary of $117,300. There is an increasing demand for individ-uals with STEM degrees to extend their focus beyond the laboratory so they can be leaders in discovery and commercialization. Women deserve a fair shot in the STEM programs in this nation. In addition, I believe that work needs to be done to modernize key contracting develop-mental programs designed to increase oppor-tunities for women, minorities and low-income individuals who pursue STEM degrees and STEM job training. I support programs at the National Science Foundation that have worked to reduce the current barriers and ensure women have the support they need in the STEM fields. Mr. Speaker, we should encourage women to pursue degrees and careers in the STEM fields so we can continue to compete in the global economy. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ARCHANT ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 255. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
SUPPORT FOR RAPID INNOVATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 239) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for in-novative research and development, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 239 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT PROJECTS. 
(a) C YBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 321. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall support the re-search, development, testing, evaluation, and transition of cybersecurity technologies, including fundamental research to improve the sharing of information, analytics, and methodologies related to cybersecurity risks and incidents, consistent with current law. ‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—The research and devel-opment supported under subsection (a) shall serve the components of the Department and shall— ‘‘(1) advance the development and accel-erate the deployment of more secure infor-mation systems; ‘‘(2) improve and create technologies for detecting attacks or intrusions, including real-time continuous diagnostics and real- time analytic technologies; ‘‘(3) improve and create mitigation and re-covery methodologies, including techniques and policies for real-time containment of at-tacks, and development of resilient networks and information systems; ‘‘(4) support, in coordination with non-Fed-eral entities, the review of source code that underpins critical infrastructure informa-tion systems; ‘‘(5) develop and support infrastructure and tools to support cybersecurity research and development efforts, including modeling, testbeds, and data sets for assessment of new cybersecurity technologies; ‘‘(6) assist the development and support of technologies to reduce vulnerabilities in in-dustrial control systems; and ‘‘(7) develop and support cyber forensics and attack attribution capabilities. ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out this section, the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall coordinate activities with— ‘‘(1) the Under Secretary appointed pursu-ant to section 103(a)(1)(H); ‘‘(2) the heads of other relevant Federal de-partments and agencies, as appropriate; and ‘‘(3) industry and academia. ‘‘(d) T
RANSITION TO PRACTICE .—The Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall support projects carried out under this title through the full life cycle of such projects, including research, development, testing, evaluation, pilots, and transitions. The Under Secretary shall identify mature tech-nologies that address existing or imminent cybersecurity gaps in public or private infor-mation systems and networks of information systems, identify and support necessary im-provements identified during pilot programs and testing and evaluation activities, and in-troduce new cybersecurity technologies throughout the homeland security enterprise through partnerships and commercialization. The Under Secretary shall target federally funded cybersecurity research that dem-onstrates a high probability of successful transition to the commercial market within two years and that is expected to have a no-table impact on the public or private infor-mation systems and networks of information systems. ‘‘(e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
YBERSECURITY RISK .—The term ‘cy-bersecurity risk’ has the meaning given such term in section 227. ‘‘(2) H
OMELAND SECURITY ENTERPRISE .—The term ‘homeland security enterprise’ means relevant governmental and nongovernmental entities involved in homeland security, in-cluding Federal, State, local, and tribal gov-ernment officials, private sector representa-tives, academics, and other policy experts. ‘‘(3) I
NCIDENT .—The term ‘incident’ has the meaning given such term in section 227. ‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘in-formation system’ has the meaning given such term in section 3502(8) of title 44, United States Code.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to the second section 319 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 321. Cybersecurity research and devel-opment.’’. (b) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  P
ROJECTS .—Section 831 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking the last sentence; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) P
RIOR APPROVAL .—In any case in which the head of a component or office of the Department seeks to utilize the author-ity under this section, such head shall first receive prior approval from the Secretary by providing to the Secretary a proposal that includes the rationale for the utilization of such authority, the funds to be spent on the use of such authority, and the expected out-come for each project that is the subject of the use of such authority. In such a case, the authority for evaluating the proposal may not be delegated by the Secretary to anyone other than the Under Secretary for Manage-ment.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall annu-ally submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report detailing the projects for which the authority granted by subsection (a) was utilized, the rationale for such utili-zations, the funds spent utilizing such au-thority, the extent of cost-sharing for such projects among Federal and non-Federal sources, the extent to which utilization of such authority has addressed a homeland se-curity capability gap or threat to the home-land identified by the Department, the total 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.025 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH276 January 10, 2017 
amount of payments, if any, that were re-ceived by the Federal Government as a re-sult of the utilization of such authority dur-ing the period covered by each such report, the outcome of each project for which such authority was utilized, and the results of any audits of such projects.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) T
RAINING .—The Secretary shall de-velop a training program for acquisitions staff on the utilization of the authority pro-vided under subsection (a).’’. (c) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to bring two important bills to the floor today that strengthen the govern-ment’s ability to effectively leverage cutting-edge cyber technologies. Last year, the House passed both of these provisions as part of Majority Leader M
CCARTHY ’s Innovation Initiative, and I am excited that we are able to bring them to the floor here so early in the 115th Congress. Mr. Speaker, over the past 2 years, my colleagues and I have been working diligently with technology innovators and tech startups to find solutions that will spur innovation and break down the bureaucratic barriers that prevent the government from effectively leveraging the private sector’s emerg-ing technologies. H.R. 239, the Support for Rapid Inno-vation Act of 2017, addresses this prob-lem by requiring the science and tech-nology directorate, or S&T, to more ef-fectively coordinate with industry and academia to support the research and development of cybersecurity tech-nologies. H.R. 239 does so because it requires S&T to support the full life cycle of cyber research and development projects and identify mature tech-nologies to address cybersecurity gaps. In doing so, S&T will be required to target federally funded cybersecurity research that demonstrates a high probability of successful transition to the commercial market within 2 years. This bill will also extend the use of other transactional authority, or OTA, until the year 2021, a move that will improve DHS’s ability to engage with tech startups that are developing these cutting-edge technologies. H.R. 239 also includes additional accountability re-quirements to ensure that there is proper oversight of the authority. Mr. Speaker, our digital borders are constantly being barraged by cybercriminals, by nation-states, and by terrorists seeking to exploit and harm innocent Americans. Almost daily, we read news stories on how these hackers are intruding into our networks and doing so with increased sophistication. One thing is for certain, we have seen that cyber intrusions and their impact on victims quickly morph and increase both in frequency and in their severity. In 2017, these hackers will unfortu-nately continue to pose a great threat to the U.S. homeland and to our crit-ical infrastructure. The Federal Gov-ernment, therefore, needs to keep pace with these evolving threats by more actively working with the private sec-tor to find effective solutions. DHS’s Directorate of Science and Technology is the primary research and development arm of the Depart-ment. The directorate manages basic and applied research and development, including cybersecurity R&D, for the Department’s operational components and for our first responders. Ensuring there are mechanisms in place, like S&T’s cybersecurity R&D programs and the OTA, to support the dynamic nature of cybersecurity re-search and development is essential for addressing homeland security capa-bility gaps. Thank you again, Mr. Speaker, for calling up this important bill today. I believe it will have an incredibly posi-tive impact on encouraging technology innovation across the Nation to ad-dress our vital homeland security needs. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting this very impor-tant bill. I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, January 9, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 239, the ‘‘Support for Rapid In-novation Act of 2017,’’ which was introduced on January 4, 2017. H.R. 239 contains provisions within the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology’s Rule X jurisdiction. In order to ex-pedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual under-standing that doing so will in no way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of con-ferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congres-sional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, LAMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, January 10, 2017. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 239, the ‘‘Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2017.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation be-fore the House of Representatives, and ac-cordingly, understand that the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will not seek a sequential referral on the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security con-curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing a sequential referral of this bill at this time, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology does not waive any jurisdic-tion over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 239, the Support for Rapid Innovation Act. Mr. Speaker, this timely legislation authorizes the Department of Home-land Security to support cybersecurity research and development and to help innovators with promising cybersecu-rity technologies to help commer-cialize their products. Government and private sector net-works are under constant attack by in-creasingly sophisticated cyber hackers. The cyber hacking campaign carried out by the Russian Government against U.S. political and business in-stitutions, during the 2016 election, is a recent, high-profile example. Concern has also been growing about the threat of cybercriminals carrying out attacks by exploiting unprotected Internet-enabled consumer products. This threat was brought into sharp focus last October with the denial of service attack against Dyn. During that attack, malware was used to di-rect tens of thousands of Internet-con-nected cameras, DVRs, and other con-sumer products to carry out successive, highly sophisticated attacks. Our adversaries are constantly inno-vating. It is imperative that the Fed-eral Government—and specifically DHS—innovate, too. To that end, H.R. 239 directs DHS to invest in innovative cybersecurity technologies and provide DHS with flexibility to overcome bu-reaucratic obstacles that sometimes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.026 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H277 January 10, 2017 
discourage smaller companies, like tech startups, from working with the Federal Government. H.R. 239 directs DHS to pursue cyber-security projects that will improve de-tection, mitigation, and recovery from attacks and bolster the security and resilience of our networks, particularly for critical infrastructure. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation to ensure that DHS does its part to ad-vance cybersecurity research and de-velopment. Cybersecurity threats to our Nation are growing in diversity and sophis-tication. We cannot afford to let prom-ising technologies languish. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity should work with the private sec-tor in support of innovative cybersecu-rity research, development, testing, and evaluation. We have seen that pub-lic-private collaboration can give these technologies the boost they need to enter the market. Just last month, DHS announced the commercialization of an eight cybersecurity product launched with the help of the Depart-ment’s Transition to Practice program. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 239. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member T
HOMPSON for his leadership on the committee, and I want to thank the Cybersecurity, In-frastructure Protection, and Security Technologies Subcommittee staff for their hard work. Once again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 239. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 239, the ‘‘Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2017,’’ which amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for improved innovative research and develop-ment. I support this bill because it would extend the Department of Homeland Security sec-retary’s pilot program for research and devel-opment projects and prototype projects through 2020. This bill would require the secretary to re-port annually to the House Homeland Security and Science committees and the Senate Homeland Security Committee on the dynam-ics of the projects undertaken. Specifically, H.R. 239 would amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to include fun-damental improvements to facilitate informa-tion, analytics, and methodologies related to cybersecurity risks and incidents, consistent with the current law. In particular, it adds a new section to the Homeland Security Act, directing the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to support— whether within itself, other agencies, or in aca-demia and private industry—the research and development of cybersecurity-related tech-nologies. As a senior member of the Homeland Secu-rity Committee and Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee and Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and In-vestigations, I support this bill as it directs the Under Secretary for Science and Technology to bolster research and development, along with the testing and evaluation of cybersecu-rity technology to improve the sharing of infor-mation, analysis, and methodologies related to cybersecurity risks and incidents. The Rapid Innovation Act is a smart bill that will enable the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to establish and improve technologies for detecting attacks or intrusions. The ‘‘Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2017’’ will equip the Department of Homeland Security with vital tools and resources to pre-vent and remove attacks and threats imple-mented by those who target our nation. Mr. Speaker, we face growing cybersecurity threats, which demands that we increase re-search and development, along with the test-ing and evaluation of cybersecurity technology to expand the sharing of information, analysis, and methodologies related to cybersecurity risks and incidents. This is a comprehensive bill that will help protect all Americans in every corner of this nation. I urge all Members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 239. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 239, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
LEVERAGING EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES ACT OF 2017 Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 240) to encourage engagement between the Department of Homeland Security and technology innovators, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 240 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. INNOVATION ENGAGEMENT. 
(a) I NNOVATION ENGAGEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security— (A) shall engage with innovative and emerging technology developers and firms, including technology-based small businesses and startup ventures, to address homeland security needs; and (B) may identify geographic areas in the United States with high concentrations of such innovative and emerging technology de-velopers and firms, and may establish per-sonnel and office space in such areas, as ap-propriate. (2) E
NGAGEMENT .—Engagement under para-graph (1) may include innovative and emerg-ing technology developers or firms with proven technologies, supported with outside investment, with potential applications for the Department of Homeland Security. (3) C
O-LOCATION .—If the Secretary of Home-land Security determines that it is appro-priate to establish personnel and office space in a specific geographic area in the United States pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), the Sec-retary shall co-locate such personnel and of-fice space with other existing assets of— (A) the Department of Homeland Security, where possible; or (B) Federal facilities, where appropriate. (4) OVERSIGHT .—Not later than 30 days after establishing personnel and office space in a specific geographic area in the United States pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall inform Congress about the rationale for such estab-lishment, the anticipated costs associated with such establishment, and the specific goals for such establishment. (b) S
TRATEGIC PLAN.—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall develop, implement, and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate a Department of Homeland Security-wide strategy to proactively engage with innovative and emerging technology developers and firms, including technology-based small businesses and startup ventures, in accordance with subsection (a). Such strategy shall— (1) focus on sustainable methods and guid-ance to build relationships, including with such innovative and emerging technology de-velopers and firms in geographic areas in the United States with high concentrations of such innovative and emerging technology de-velopers and firms, and in geographic areas outside such areas, to establish, develop, and enhance departmental capabilities to address homeland security needs; (2) include efforts to— (A) ensure proven innovative and emerging technologies can be included in existing and future acquisition contracts; (B) coordinate with organizations that pro-vide venture capital to businesses, particu-larly small businesses and startup ventures, as appropriate, to assist the commercializa-tion of innovative and emerging technologies that are expected to be ready for commer-cialization in the near term and within 36 months; and (C) address barriers to the utilization of in-novative and emerging technologies and the engagement of small businesses and startup ventures in the acquisition process; (3) include a description of how the Depart-ment plans to leverage proven innovative and emerging technologies to address home-land security needs; and (4) include the criteria the Secretary plans to use to determine an innovation or tech-nology is proven. (c) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.075 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH278 January 10, 2017 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, again, I am pleased that the House is today considering H.R. 240, the Leveraging Emerging Tech-nologies Act of 2017. H.R. 240 encourages engagement be-tween the Department of Homeland Se-curity and technology innovators, in-cluding startups. This bill requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to proactively engage with innovative and emerging technology developers and firms to address our vital Homeland Security needs. Additionally, H.R. 240 provides the Secretary with the authority to iden-tify geographic areas in the United States where high concentrations of these innovative and emerging tech-nology developers and firms exist and to establish personnel and office space in these areas to more effectively col-laborate with these technology hubs. The Federal Government certainly needs to do a better job working with the private sector, and H.R. 240 will help to address that. Mr. Speaker, this bill also requires the Secretary to develop and to imple-ment a targeted strategy to proactively engage innovative and emerging technology developers and firms. b1630 Under this bill, the Secretary must use the strategic plan to address exist-ing barriers to leveraging innovative and emerging technologies, and the small businesses and startup ventures that create those technologies, and to incorporate them into the Depart-ment’s acquisition process. For example, in order to keep pace, the Department of Homeland Security has established an office in Silicon Val-ley to encourage engagement and com-munication with the innovative tech-nology developers in that area. Al-though it is a vital technology hub, Silicon Valley certainly is not the only technology hub in the United States. The Department should not be limited to a single geographic area from which to identify these emerging and innova-tive technologies. Mr. Speaker, all Americans are learn-ing that cybersecurity is national secu-rity. The impacts of cyber intrusions are being felt everywhere, from board-room tables to kitchen tables. We have seen them undermine consumer con-fidence and damage a company’s hard- earned reputation in just a couple of seconds. Cybersecurity is a complex and serious issue that our Nation will have to address for decades to come. So it only makes sense for us to require the Department to consider strategi-cally just how it will engage these technology developers to strengthen the Department’s ability to access in-novative and emerging technologies to better combat evolving cyber threats. I am happy to support this measure today because I believe it will move us forward, further addressing our home-land security needs by supporting tech-nology innovation. I urge Members to join me in supporting this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 240, the Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2017, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am a cosponsor of this measure, as I was for its predecessor last Congress. Last June, the House ap-proved this measure by a 347–8 vote. This bipartisan bill directs the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to engage small businesses, startup companies, and other developers of innovative and emerging technologies to tackle some of our most vexing, persistent home-land security challenges. It is no secret that navigating the Federal procurement process is dif-ficult, especially for small startups. Meanwhile, small companies continue to develop some of the most innovative technological solutions in use today. They are a huge source of untapped po-tential, capable of bringing forward- thinking, groundbreaking ideas to the homeland security enterprise. To build these relationships, H.R. 240 allows DHS to establish personnel and office space in areas around the U.S. where technology innovators are con-centrated. Having a physical presence in these tech hubs will make it easier for DHS to grow and maintain connec-tions with local startups, innovators, and incubators. The Department has already taken action in this regard. In 2015, the DHS Science and Tech-nology Directorate established a Sil-icon Valley office and announced its first-ever procurement focused on working with nontraditional contrac-tors and tech startups. The DHS inno-vation ‘‘other transaction’’ solution sought technologies to address security challenges in aviation, border, and cy-bersecurity. To date, under this program, DHS has funded awards to 13 small busi-nesses in California, Texas, Georgia, Massachusetts, and Washington State. Additionally, DHS has reached out to technology innovators at regional events in Boston, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, New Orleans, Chicago, Lou-isville and Austin, raising awareness with more than 1,500 startups, accel-erators, and venture capitalists through industry days, panels, con-ferences, and startup meetups. The feedback has been very positive, but it has also validated the need to educate the community about who DHS is and what the challenges are. Mr. Speaker, for those reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this bipar-tisan legislation. H.R. 240 recognizes that DHS depends on technology to carry out its mis-sions, and must nurture and maintain robust and direct relationships with talented technology developers, even those that do not fit the mold of the typical Federal contractor. DHS could improve the productivity and sustainability of these outreach ef-forts by developing a strategy to proactively engage with innovators in a way that supports long-term rela-tionships. H.R. 240 calls for such a strategy to be delivered to Congress and implemented within 6 months. Two features of that strategy re-quired under this bill that I would like to highlight are provisions that I spon-sored. One requires the strategy to give attention to fostering engagement with developers that may be located outside a recognized regional technology hub. The other directs the strategy to in-clude coordination with venture cap-ital organizations, like the In-Q-Tel nonprofit, to help emerging technology developers, including small businesses and startup ventures, commercialize technologies that address a rapidly growing list of homeland security needs. Mr. Speaker, for all of the reasons discussed, I urge support of H.R. 240. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for his support of this bill and for his leadership in keeping this issue at the forefront of our cyber-security discussion. This is an incred-ibly important bill, and I, once again, urge my colleagues to support H.R. 240. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise in support of H.R. 240, the ‘‘Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2017,’’ which requires the Secretary of Home-land Security to engage with innovative and emerging technology developers, including technology-based small businesses and start-up ventures that can help tackle the rapidly expanding list of homeland security technology needs. H.R. 240 helps to protect America’s com-puter and communications networks, which security experts believe represent the nation’s most critical national security challenge, in-cluding Internet functions and connected crit-ical infrastructure such as air traffic control, the U.S. electrical grid, and nuclear power plants. H.R. 240 authorizes DHS to establish per-sonnel and office space in diverse geographic areas around the United States that have high concentrations of technology developers and firms. The bill also directs DHS, within 6 months, to develop and submit to Congress a Depart-ment-wide strategy to engage with innovative and emerging technology companies. Importantly, the bill specifically requires the Secretary to include in that strategy ways to effectively integrate technology-based small businesses and startup ventures. Importantly, the bill also requires the DHS Secretary to coordinate with those in the ven-ture capital industry to assist in the develop-ment of technologies that are ready for com-mercialization and use in the Homeland Secu-rity Enterprise. Since its founding, the Department of Homeland Security has overcome many chal-lenges as an organization but much more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.077 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H279 January 10, 2017 
progress must be made regarding effective inter-operable communication between the federal, state, and local agencies. Although not a panacea, H.R. 240 is a step in the right direction because it will help im-prove DHS’ overall functions so that it can more effectively protect our people. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this important legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 240, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MODERNIZING GOVERNMENT TRAVEL ACT Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 274) to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Government business, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 274 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Modernizing Government Travel Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FEDERAL EMPLOYEE REIMBURSEMENT FOR USE OF MODERN TRAVEL SERV-ICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall pre-scribe regulations under section 5707 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for the re-imbursement for the use of a transportation network company or innovative mobility technology company by any Federal em-ployee traveling on official business under subchapter I of chapter 57 of such title, ex-cept that the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall pre-scribe such regulations with respect to em-ployees of the judicial branch of the Govern-ment. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) I
NNOVATIVE MOBILITY TECHNOLOGY COM -
PANY .—The term ‘‘innovative mobility tech-nology company’’ means an organization, in-cluding a corporation, limited liability com-pany, partnership, sole proprietorship, or any other entity, that applies technology to expand and enhance available transportation choices, better manage demand for transpor-tation services, and provide alternatives to driving alone. (2) T
RANSPORTATION NETWORK COMPANY .— The term ‘‘transportation network com-pany’’— (A) means a corporation, partnership, sole proprietorship, or other entity, that uses a digital network to connect riders to drivers affiliated with the entity in order for the driver to transport the rider using a vehicle owned, leased, or otherwise authorized for use by the driver to a point chosen by the rider; and (B) does not include a shared-expense car-pool or vanpool arrangement that is not in-tended to generate profit for the driver. SEC. 3. REPORT ON TRANSPORTATION COSTS. 
Section 5707(c) of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c)(1) Not later than November 30 of each year, the head of each agency shall submit to the Administrator of the General Services, in a format prescribed by the Administrator and approved by the Director the Office of Management and Budget— ‘‘(A) data on total agency payments for such items as travel and transportation of people, average costs and durations of trips, and purposes of official travel; ‘‘(B) data on estimated total agency pay-ments for employee relocation; and ‘‘(C) an analysis of the total costs of trans-portation service by type, and the total num-ber of trips utilizing each transportation type for purposes of official travel. ‘‘(2) The Administrator of the General Services shall make the data submitted pur-suant to paragraph (1) publically available upon receipt. ‘‘(3) Not later than January 31 of each year, the Administrator of the General Serv-ices shall submit to the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget, the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate— ‘‘(A) an analysis of the data submitted pur-suant to paragraph (1) for the agencies listed in section 901(b) of title 31 and a survey of such data for each other agency; and ‘‘(B) a description of any new regulations promulgated or changes to existing regula-tions authorized under this section.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous remarks on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 274, the Modern-izing Government Travel Act, is a bi-partisan bill sponsored by Congressman S
ETH MOULTON of Massachusetts. Mr. W
ILLHURD of Texas and Congressman M
ARKMEADOWS of North Carolina have all come together on this bill. It is a good bill. This bill came up in the 114th Con-gress. The same bill passed through the committee by regular order, and then in a close vote—much like the Clemson-Alabama game last night— when we voted on this bill last session was 415–0. I think there was a pretty good sense from the past Congress that is a good bill, and it should pass. Federal employees’ current transpor-tation options on official travel are limited. While some agencies allow em-ployees to be reimbursed for the use of sharing economy services, such as Lyft or Uber, not all of them do. As a result, the whole Federal Government does not benefit from the cost savings that can occur while being associated with these services. The Modernizing Government Travel Act allows the Federal Government to reap the benefits of the sharing econ-omy. The bill ensures that new trans-portation services as they emerge, Fed-eral employees can quickly take ad-vantage of the efficiencies of the new technologies that may be offered. By opening up a new market for transportation services, H.R. 274 will also help spur innovation and competi-tion, creating greater cost savings. We have some 2 million Federal employ-ees. So this is an important part and it shouldn’t be glanced over. There could be considerable savings along the way. We must ensure that there is ac-countability for travel expenditures. Our committee, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and other watchdog groups outside of gov-ernment are looking at these expenses. We have a duty and obligation to en-sure that we are dealing with Federal taxpayer dollars responsibly. This bill mandates that agencies report their travel costs for each type of travel service to the General Services Admin-istration, the GSA. The GSA must pub-lish that data, helping make the Fed-eral Government more transparent and accountable. The GSA will also report to Congress on agency official travel costs in order to make sure that they inform future transportation policy de-cisions. I urge passage of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I was trying to think of a BYU foot-ball analogy to go with the Clemson- Alabama analogy, but I haven’t been able to come up with one yet. I will work on it. I rise in support of H.R. 274, the Mod-ernizing Government Travel Act, as amended. I appreciate the good work of Representatives Moulton, Hurd, Mead-ows, Bustos, and Swalwell on this bi-partisan measure. H.R. 274 would expand the transpor-tation options for Federal employees on official government travel by allow-ing them to be reimbursed for the use of ridesharing services such as Uber and Lyft. This bill would also allow for the use of future mobility technologies not yet known or available to be cov-ered as by reimbursable travel ex-penses. The General Services Adminis-tration would be directed to issue im-plementing regulations. The bill would require Federal agencies to submit to GSA detailed information on their travel costs, including breakdowns of costs by transportation type by No-vember 30 of each year. GSA would be required to submit an-nual reports to Congress containing an analysis or survey of agencies’ travel costs as well as descriptions of new or revised regulations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.029 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH280 January 10, 2017 
H.R. 274 is a commonsense, good gov-ernment bill, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD), the cosponsor of this bill and someone who has been very involved in this subject. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, it is way past time that our government recon-siders the way that it views tech-nology. Adherence to decades-old pol-icy regarding technology costs our tax-payers billions of dollars, stifles cre-ativity, and needlessly prevents our government from utilizing private sec-tor technologies. This bill, the Modernizing Govern-ment Travel Act, is simple. It will allow Federal employees to utilize the services of innovative companies while on official travel. Last Congress, as the chairman alluded to, this bill passed the House with overwhelming bipar-tisan support, 415–0. Private sector companies have had a tremendous impact on the way that people travel, and we should allow our government to recognize these changes. By widening the scope of re-imbursable forms of transportation, we are encouraging the adoption of inno-vative technologies and promoting competition. The bill also requires agencies to re-port what type of transportation their employees are taking while on official travel, and this data will be publicly available, thus increasing transparency and accountability in how taxpayer dollars are being spent. b1645 H.R. 274, as amended, is a sensible piece of legislation that can help mod-ernize our government and ensure that the United States is moving seamlessly into the 21st century. I want to thank my colleague, Rep-resentative M
OULTON , for his leadership on this important issue, as well as Rep-resentatives M
EADOWS , B USTOS , and S
WALWELL for their support for this bill. I ask my colleagues to join me in the support of H.R. 274. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to my colleague from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ). Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from California for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 274, the Modernizing Government Travel Act. This legisla-tion is a bipartisan effort that dem-onstrates a consensus amongst all of us that the Federal Government has failed to keep pace with the technological ad-vances and innovation that have come to define the 21st century. Despite the emergence of new tech-nologies designed to improve the way we travel, today, some Federal employ-ees are unable to be reimbursed for using more cost-effective, innovative modes of transportation when trav-eling on official business. Innovative ridesharing services sup-ported by mobile apps have dramati-cally changed how we get from one place to another. Now, with just a few taps on a phone, we can access a vari-ety of new transportation options like rideshare, carshare, and bikeshare that complement rapid transit, take more cars off our congested roads, and re-duce fuel emissions. According to a re-cent study, 52 percent of people using transit for work-related travel chose to use ride-hailing services and other in-novative technologies. While the General Services Adminis-tration allows agencies to authorize the use of these transportation options by Federal employees, it has not nor is it required by law to issue comprehen-sive guidance across the Federal Gov-ernment. H.R. 274 would require the General Services Administration to implement regulations to allow Federal employees to use transportation options like rideshare and bikeshare for official travel. The GSA Administrator would be required to submit annual reports to Congress on the implementation of these regulations and the resulting amount of government savings. I want to thank my friend and col-league, Representative HURD, for work-ing with me on this legislation, as well as Representatives S
WALWELL , ISSA, M
EADOWS , and B USTOS for their sup-port. This is truly a bipartisan effort that will increase the Federal Govern-ment’s engagement in the sharing economy while saving taxpayer dollars. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. M
OULTON , first and fore-most, for his service to our country, serving in the armed services. We real-ly do appreciate that. I can’t thank him enough for that service. But I also appreciate him bringing forward this bill and his working with the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) and the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). I appreciate what Mr. D
ESAULNIER  and our ranking member on our com-mittee, Mr. C
UMMINGS , have done, too, to help move this bill forward. So there was good, broad, bipartisan support, strong support in the 114th Congress, passing unanimously, with 415 votes. I think it is worthy to bring this up early in the Congress and get on with the idea of saving money and taking advantage of technology, as Mr. H
URDsaid and as Mr. M OULTON talked about as well, save some money and tap into the technology that is avail-able to save money for the government and, ultimately, for the taxpayers. It is their money indeed. So I would urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 274, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 50 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1720 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia) at 5 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m. 
f 
HELPING ANGELS LEAD OUR STARTUPS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 33 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 79. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) kindly take the chair. b1721 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 79) to clarify the definition of general solicitation under Federal securities law, with Mr. W
OODALL (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 115–2 offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY) had been postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 115– 2 on which further proceedings were postponed in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ  of New York. Amendment No. 2 by Mr. C
LAY of Missouri. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . VELA´ZQUEZ  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.080 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H281 January 10, 2017 
vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 167, noes 249, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 29] AYES—167 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—249 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—18 
Becerra Black Davis, Danny Dingell Duncan (SC) Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Kelly (IL) Lee Perlmutter Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rush Ryan (OH) Schakowsky Sewell (AL) Takano Zinke 
b1742 Messrs. WITTMAN, BILIRAKIS, BERA, LUETKEMEYER, WEBSTER of Florida, MOULTON, and BISHOP of Utah changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. CROWLEY, Mses. D
ELAURO and WASSERMAN SCHULTZ changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . CLAY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 163, noes 253, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 30] AYES—163 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—253 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beutler Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.083 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH282 January 10, 2017 
Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—18 
Becerra Davis, Danny Dingell Duncan (SC) Gutie´rrez Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Kelly (IL) Lee Perlmutter Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rush Ryan (OH) Schakowsky Sewell (AL) Takano Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1747 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
TEWART ) having assumed the chair, Mr. W
OODALL , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 79) to clarify the defini-tion of general solicitation under Fed-eral securities law, and, pursuant to House Resolution 33, he reported the bill back to the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 344, nays 73, not voting 17, as follows: [Roll No. 31] YEAS—344 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beutler Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Esty Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—73 
Barraga´n Bass Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cummings DeLauro DeSaulnier Doggett Ellison Espaillat Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Huffman Jayapal Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Khanna Kihuen Kildee Langevin Lewis (GA) Lowenthal Lowey Lynch McGovern Moore Nadler Napolitano Neal Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pocan Raskin Richmond Roybal-Allard Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Vela´zquez Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—17 
Becerra Davis, Danny Dingell Duncan (SC) Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Kelly (IL) Lee Perlmutter Pompeo Price, Tom (GA) Rush Ryan (OH) Schakowsky Sewell (AL) Takano Zinke 
b1757 Ms. ADAMS changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.033 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H283 January 10, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend votes on Tuesday, Janu-ary 10, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of both H.R. 5 and H.R. 79— Vote ‘‘no’’; H. Res. 33—Rule providing for consideration of both H.R. 5 (Regulatory Ac-countability Act of 2017) and H.R. 79 (HALOS Act)—Vote ‘‘no’’; H.R. 79—Vela´zquez Amend-ment Made in Order—Vote ‘‘yes’’; H.R. 79— Clay Amendment Made in Order—Vote ‘‘yes’’; H.R. 79—Final Passage—Vote ‘‘no’’. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 78, SEC REGULATORY AC-COUNTABILITY ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 238, COMMODITY END-USER RELIEF ACT; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–3) on the resolution (H. Res. 40) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 78) to improve the consideration by the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission of the costs and benefits of its regulations and orders; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 238) to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion, to better protect futures cus-tomers, to provide end-users with mar-ket certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and account-ability at the Commission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users man-age risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
b1800 ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 39) to amend title 5, United States Code, to codify the Presidential Innovation Fellows Program, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 39 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tested Abil-ity to Leverage Exceptional National Talent Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘TALENT Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PRESIDENTIAL INNOVATION FELLOWS PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER V—PRESIDENTIAL INNOVATION FELLOWS PROGRAM ‘‘§ 3171. Presidential Innovation Fellows Pro-gram ‘‘(a) P
OLICY .—It is in the national interest for the Government to attract the brightest minds skilled in technology or innovative practices to serve in the Government to work on some of the Nation’s biggest and most pressing challenges. This subchapter establishes a program to encourage success-ful entrepreneurs, executives, and innovators to join the Government and work in close co-operation with Government leaders, to cre-ate meaningful solutions that can help save lives and taxpayer money, fuel job creation, and significantly improve how the Govern-ment serves the American people. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator of General Services shall continue the Presi-dential Innovation Fellows Program (herein-after referred to as the ‘Program’) to enable exceptional individuals with proven track records to serve time-limited appointments in executive agencies to address some of the Nation’s most significant challenges and im-prove existing Government efforts that would particularly benefit from expertise using innovative techniques and technology. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Program shall be administered by a Director, appointed by the Administrator under authorities of the General Services Administration. The Ad-ministrator shall provide necessary staff, re-sources and administrative support for the Program. ‘‘(d) A
PPOINTMENT OF FELLOWS .—The Direc-tor shall appoint fellows pursuant to the Program and, in cooperation with executive agencies, shall facilitate placement of fel-lows to participate in projects that have the potential for significant positive effects and are consistent with the President’s goals. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall pre-scribe the process for applications and nomi-nations of individuals to the Program. ‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM STANDARDS .—Following pub-lication of these processes, the Director may accept for consideration applications from individuals. The Director shall establish, ad-minister, review, and revise, if appropriate, a Governmentwide cap on the number of fel-lows. The Director shall establish and pub-lish salary ranges, benefits, and standards for the Program. ‘‘(f) S
ELECTION , APPOINTMENT , ANDASSIGN -
MENT OF FELLOWS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROCEDURES .—The Director shall pre-scribe appropriate procedures for the selec-tion, appointment, and assignment of fel-lows. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .—Prior to the selection of fellows, the Director shall consult with the heads of executive agencies regarding po-tential projects and how best to meet those needs. Following such consultation, the Di-rector shall select and appoint individuals to serve as fellows. ‘‘(3) T
IME LIMITATION .—Fellows selected for the Program shall serve under short-term, time-limited appointments. Such fellows shall be appointed for no less than 6 months and no longer than 2 years in the Program. The Director shall facilitate the process of placing fellows at requesting executive agen-cies. ‘‘(g) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF AGENCIES .—Each executive agency shall work with the Direc-tor and the Presidential Innovation Fellows Program advisory board established under section 3172 to attempt to maximize the Pro-gram’s benefits to the agency and the Gov-ernment, including by identifying initiatives that have a meaningful effect on the people served and that benefit from involvement by one or more fellows. Such agencies shall en-sure that each fellow works closely with re-sponsible senior officials for the duration of the assignment. ‘‘§ 3172. Presidential Innovation Fellows Pro-gram advisory board ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Administrator of General Services shall continue an advisory board to advise the Director of the Presi-dential Innovation Fellows Program by rec-ommending such priorities and standards as may be beneficial to fulfill the mission of the Presidential Innovation Fellows Program and assist in identifying potential projects and placements for fellows. The advisory board may not participate in the selection process under section 3171(f). ‘‘(b) C
HAIR; M EMBERSHIP .—The Adminis-trator shall designate a representative to serve as the Chair of the advisory board. In addition to the Chair, the membership of the advisory board shall include— ‘‘(1) the Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(2) the Director of the Office of Personnel Management; ‘‘(3) the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government of the Office of Man-agement and Budget; ‘‘(4) the Assistant to the President and Chief Technology Officer; and ‘‘(5) other individuals as may be designated by the Administrator. ‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—The advisory board may consult with industry, academia, or nonprofits to ensure the Presidential Innova-tion Fellows Program is continually identi-fying opportunities to apply advanced skillsets and innovative practices in effec-tive ways to address the Nation’s most sig-nificant challenges.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER V —PRESIDENTIAL INNOVATION  
FELLOWS PROGRAM  ‘‘3171. Presidential Innovation Fellows Pro-gram. ‘‘3172. Presidential Innovation Fellows Pro-gram advisory board.’’. (c) T
RANSITION .—The Presidential Innova-tion Fellows Program established pursuant to Executive Order 13704 (5 U.S.C. 3301 note) as in existence on the day before the date of enactment of this Act shall be considered the Presidential Innovation Fellows Program de-scribed in the amendments made by this Act. (d) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No additional funds are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this Act or the amend-ments made by this Act. This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be car-ried out using amounts otherwise author-ized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) and the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any ex-traneous material on the bill under consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:29 Apr 13, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\JANUARY\H10JA7.REC H10JA7bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH284 January 10, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the majority leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, the government is many things. It is large, it is complicated, and it is ineffective. I don’t think anyone would call it mod-ern. While the world is rushing forward with things like voice-based interfaces, autonomous vehicles, online retail, and data analytics, government is stub-bornly years, or even decades, behind. We do not have to accept it. One of the purposes of the Innovation Initia-tive, our effort here in the House, is to bring government into the modern age. Right now, it can still take hours for citizens to get the IRS on the phone to ask the most basic questions. Parents and students still deal with the clunky user interfaces when applying for tui-tion assistance. And the VA still uses a scheduling system that is a quarter century old. It doesn’t have to be this way. We have a program right now, the Presidential Innovation Fellows pro-gram, that brings in highly talented professionals from across the country to help upgrade our government’s use of technology. Now, these are engi-neers, designers, innovators, and think-ers. They challenge the old ways of thinking and introduce new approaches to make our government work the way the American people deserve it to work. I sponsored the TALENT Act to make sure this innovation program continues into the future. By drawing on the great talent of the American people, we can make government effec-tive, efficient, and accountable. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today in strong support of the TALENT Act, a bill to ensure that we continue to bring top private sector innovators into government to help solve complex technological problems at Federal agencies. The Presidential Innovation Fellows program was established by President Obama in 2012 to identify and pursue projects that apply and implement in-novative private sector techniques in as little as 6 months. The program was made permanent by Executive Order 13704 in 2015, and would be codified by the bill before us today. H.R. 39 would require the General Services Administration to continue managing the program with guidance from an advisory board comprised of representatives from different execu-tive branch agencies. Over 100 Presi-dential Innovation Fellows have al-ready been appointed to work alongside dedicated civil servants at 25 Federal agencies and departments. At those agencies, fellows have been able to merge their experience from top universities, pioneering companies, and successful nonprofits with their de-sire to contribute to society through public service. This collaboration has allowed the Federal Government to ob-tain new tools, develop new tech-nologies, and ultimately become more effective and efficient. Presidential Innovation Fellows have reshaped the way Americans interact with their government in areas ranging from health care and science to law en-forcement and disaster response. Fif-teen million Americans can access their health data as a result of the pro-gram’s Blue Button initiative, and can-cer patients can search for clinical trials as part of work to support the Vice President’s Cancer Moonshot ini-tiative. Scientists can now obtain more weather data collected by NOAA, and veterans can now more readily access custom prosthetic designs. Citizens can review police records, including crime statistics and data on officer-involved shootings. And FEMA and other first responders can better target and prioritize their response to natural disasters. All of these things have been made possible through the Presidential Inno-vation Fellows program, and it is cru-cial that we continue our support of these and other endeavors by ensuring its permanency. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 39. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Today, I am urging my colleagues to support H.R. 39, the TALENT Act, in-troduced by Majority Leader KEVIN M
CCARTHY of California. This bill passed the House on a strong bipar-tisan vote in the 114th Congress, and I am glad to be part of the team working to enact this important legislation into law. The TALENT Act makes permanent the Presidential Innovation Fellows program that was created in 2012. This highly competitive program recruits talented, private sector innovators and technologists from across the United States. Presidential Innovation Fellows serve in the Washington, D.C., area for 12 months at an executive agency. These agencies include the Department of Energy, NASA, and the Department of Veterans Affairs. Fellows bring with them their experi-ence in the private sector to help gov-ernment turn ideas into tangible re-sults that ultimately benefit the Amer-ican people. Since 2012, at least 96 top innovators have participated in the program. Past and current fellows have come from companies large and small and hold degrees from top universities across the country. They have won a variety of awards, including Fulbright scholarships, Silicon Valley Business Journal’s 40 Under 40 recognition, and Truman National Security Project fel-lowships. These fellows truly are the best and the brightest the United States has to offer, and they seek to utilize their skills for the American people. Presidential Innovation Fellows are giving the Federal Government the tools it needs to successfully operate in the 21st century. Previous projects completed by fellows include Uncle Sam’s List. Fellows created a database to offer a centralized information cen-ter in which agencies can forgo buying new commodity IT and support serv-ices in favor of existing services pro-vided by the Federal agencies. This program has saved an estimated $2.5 billion, and it is helping government become more effective and efficient. I commend Majority Leader MCCAR-
THYfor the work to bring this innova-tion to the government. Again, I urge support for this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ). Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative H
URD for his work, which has been an ongoing con-tinuing work on this issue and on this particular program. I rise in support of this bipartisan bill, which builds on the work that Ma-jority Leader M
CCARTHY and I and oth-ers in this House have been doing to modernize government technology and renew America’s faith in government. In 2016, exit polls showed that dis-satisfaction with the government spanned the political spectrum. That is a shame because government is sup-posed to be a force for improving peo-ple’s lives, keeping our country safe, and expanding opportunities for all Americans. That is why I unveiled the House Democrats’ Renewing Faith in Govern-ment agenda last summer. We must present bold solutions to reform our democracy and our government. Cer-tainly, on both sides of the equation, that is what the American people were saying in the last election. One of the goals of our agenda is modernizing government technology. Most Americans understand the trans-formative power of technology—the Majority Leader spoke of it in so many different aspects of our lives—and how digitizing businesses makes them more efficient, transparent, and accountable. We have seen it in the private sector. Every day, millions of Americans shop on sites like Amazon or Etsy and catch a ride using Uber or Lyft. Government technology is in terrible shape, and bringing the latest practices from Silicon Valley into government would make a huge difference in serv-ing our citizens and streamlining the way government works for the Amer-ican people. Last year, I worked closely with the Obama administration and Tony Scott to advance one of its top priorities in this area: creating a technology mod-ernization fund for the rapid upgrade of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.091 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H285 January 10, 2017 
the most outdated, costly, and insecure technology systems across the Federal Government. Mr. H
URD was involved deeply in that effort. The result was the Modernizing Government Tech-nology Act, which the House passed overwhelmingly with the help of Chair-man C
HAFFETZ and Majority Leader M
CCARTHY . Last month, Majority Leader M
CCAR-
THYand I expressed our bipartisan sup-port for one of President Obama’s most successful efforts at bringing Silicon Valley talent into the Federal work-force: the U.S. Digital Service and GSA’s 18F program. In fact, I visited the 18F program in San Francisco and was extraordinarily impressed with the individuals who peopled that project and were giving of their time. I guess we were paying them a little bit, but, relatively speaking, they were giving their time. Today’s bill, the TALENT Act, would make permanent the precursor to both these programs: the Presidential Inno-vation Fellows. This program has a proven track record of bringing top tal-ent from the innovation economy into the Federal workforce where it is sore-ly needed. I hope the next administration will continue all of these innovative pro-grams, which have begun to change the culture within our government. I also hope that the talented individ-uals—many of whom, as I referenced, left high-paying jobs in the private sec-tor—will stay on through the transi-tion and continue to serve their coun-try by improving government tech-nology. President Obama made real progress in this area, including with the launch of his Open Data Directive, his We the People petition platform, and his Cyber National Action Plan. More could have been achieved if Congress had agreed to his request to invest more in these areas. We have seen a dramatic exam-ple of why cybersecurity investment is so critically important for our country, not for Democrats, not for Repub-licans, but for all Americans. This is an effort toward that end. I hope we can work together in this new Congress to unleash the trans-formative power of modern technology within government and help renew America’s faith in our government. That is critical if we are to be success-ful as a Nation. I am sure it hopefully is what all of us want to do on a bipar-tisan basis. I thank Representative D
ESAULNIER  for his efforts, and I thank Representa-tive H
URDfor his leadership on this ef-fort. I am pleased to join with my counter-part, Majority Leader M
CCARTHY , in strong support of this legislation. b1815 Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to make the gentleman from California aware that I have no further speakers and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I just briefly congratulate everyone who has been involved. As somebody who represents the bay area and struggles with the innovation in the private sec-tor there to integrate it into the public sector at all levels of government, I really admire the work by Mr. H
URD, the comments and the contributions by the administration, and Mr. M
CCARTHY  and Mr. H
OYER . Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers on our side. I congratulate Mr. H
URD. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take the opportunity to thank for their years of service on such an impor-tant issue Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Leader H
OYER and Leader M CCARTHY . I would like to urge the adoption of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 39. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
NORTH KOREA MISCHIEF (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this week, North Korea declared that it can launch an intercontinental ballistic missile at any time that it wishes. Even our own Deputy Secretary of State recently warned that Little Kim’s weapon capabilities have shown qualitative improvement within the past year resulting in ‘‘unprecedented level of activity.’’ Why is that? Well, because this administration has done little to stop Little Kim. Instead, the administration has naively pursued a strategy it calls ‘‘strategic patience.’’ Strategic patience is a fancy phrase for ignoring the obvious. There was a time when we kept North Korea on the State Sponsors of Terrorism List. They came off the list because they have made promises that they have clearly broken. Mischievous Little Kim’s threats continue to grow bolder and bolder, with no repercussions. We cannot af-ford to risk the security of our citizens for the sake of diplomatic strategy that has proven to be a failure. This week I will reintroduce legisla-tion to put North Korea back on the State Sponsors of Terrorism List be-cause Little Kim is a terror to world peace. And that is just the way it is. f 
GIVING THANKS (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give thanks. I give thanks to the people of California’s 44th District for giving me the honor and the privi-lege to serve them. My district is rich with immigrants. My own mom, who turned 76 today, is an immigrant from Mexico who came here with a third grade education so her kids could have a shot at the Amer-ican Dream. In my district, only 10 percent of stu-dents go on to college. I am grateful to be one of those 10 percenters who beat the odds and got a piece of the Amer-ican Dream. But those numbers are unacceptable. I pledge to fight for them to make sure everyone, regardless of income, immi-gration status, or race has a shot at the American Dream. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PRIORITIES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ERGUSON ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is al-ways an honor to be here and, espe-cially, to look out and see some people for whom I have eminent respect in this body. That is a nice thing, being in a body where I actually have respect for the people in the body, a good thing. We know that elections, as President Obama told us quite succinctly 8 years ago, have consequences. Elections do have consequences, and we have a new team coming to town. One of the things that has concerned me greatly, and I know it has concerned many in this body, is that we as a Nation have had the ability to give protection basi-cally to this idea of freedom that our Founders had, cultivated, and gave their lives to create. As I have mentioned from this po-dium previously, as I was told by some west African Christians in Togo, they said: 
We were so excited when you elected your first Black President, but since your Presi-dent has been there, we have seen America get weaker and weaker. We all are Christians and we know where we are going when we die, but we also know our only chance for peace in this world is if America is strong. So please go back to Washington and please tell the other Members of Congress to stop getting weaker. We suffer when you get weaker. 
I seen this article from Melissa Mullins after a study was done. It said, ‘‘Christians Most Persecuted Religious 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.092 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH286 January 10, 2017 
Group in the World.’’ And that is while America is supposed to be the strong-est nation in the world. Mr. Speaker, I see a friend is here on the floor, and I now yield to the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OON-
EY). Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and a privilege to serve the constituents of the Second Congressional District of West Virginia for a second term. As we begin the 115th session of Con-gress, my top legislative priorities are rolling back anti-coal regulations that have been imposed by President Obama’s administration over the last 8 years; fighting the drug epidemic; re-pealing ObamaCare and making health care more affordable and accessible; and investing in our roads, bridges, air-ports, and other key infrastructure. West Virginia needs good-paying jobs. President Obama has spent the last 8 years waging a war on coal on our country. During this session of Congress, we must continue to work together to promote an all-of-the- above energy strategy that conserves our natural resources, cultivates our economy and jobs, and promotes Amer-ican energy independence. One of our Nation’s and our States’ greatest natural resources is our fossil fuel. Fossil fuel, including coal, sup-plies around 85 percent of our Nation’s energy. West Virginia produces about 15 percent of that total. Under the outgoing administration, we have seen our West Virginia energy industries come under attack even though we have made significant strides in recent years to improve the quality of our air, land, and water. By rolling back harmful regulations like the so-called stream protection rule, we can save 30,000 jobs in the Appa-lachian region right now. That is why last year I introduced my bill, the Sup-porting Transparent Regulatory and Environmental Actions in Mining Act, also known as the STREAM Act. My bill was passed by the House last year with bipartisan support, and I will con-tinue to fight to stop this outrageous rule from taking effect. Another top priority for this Con-gress must be stopping the drug epi-demic in our country. Drug abuse rav-ages our communities, rips families apart, and further ruptures our State’s already-ailing economy. This issue is above party politics. It is a plague that both parties must come together to solve. There is no magical solution to this epidemic. We need local, State, and Federal officials to work together to effectively and efficiently fight back. This past Congress I worked with Members on both sides of the aisle to find commonsense solutions to fight back against this scourge. That is why I introduced H.R. 4499, the Promoting Responsible Opioid Prescribing Act. This bipartisan bill struck out a harm-ful provision of ObamaCare that places unnecessary pressure on doctors and hospitals to prescribe narcotic pain medicine. I am proud to say that the Department of Health and Human Services announced that they changed their policy and implemented my bill. This change in policy is an important part of the fight against opioid abuse. I will remain steadfast in my efforts to fight this epidemic. Another important way to fight back against the drug epidemic is by making health care more accessible and afford-able. The first step to do this is to re-peal ObamaCare. Healthcare costs are on the rise be-cause ObamaCare adds burdensome taxes, regulations, and mandates onto American consumers. The limited choice in health insurance plans is harming families and their budgets. ObamaCare will kill 2.5 million jobs in 10 years. It has continued to raise health insurance costs and has placed the Federal Government in between pa-tients and their doctors. Research done by the National Cen-ter for Policy Analysis found that aver-age monthly premium costs increased for almost everyone regardless of their age, race, or gender after ObamaCare was implemented. As a Republican in Congress, I want to ensure that everyone has access to health care, but I want it to be quality health care that people choose for themselves. That is why Republicans have come up with a plan that we call A Better Way. Our plan recognizes that people deserve more patient-centered care, not more bureaucracy. That means more choices, not more man-dates. The A Better Way plan offers many improvements that will help West Vir-ginia’s Second Congressional District, including commonsense reforms such as allowing health insurance sales across State lines. Simple changes like these will lower costs and increase choice for Americans. Finally, it is imperative to pass bills that invest in our Nation’s deterio-rating infrastructure. President-elect Trump has said that updating our Na-tion’s infrastructure is a top priority for his administration. b1830 The Federal Highway Administration has classified more than 142,000 bridges as either ‘‘structurally deficient’’ or ‘‘functionally obsolete.’’ Also from the Federal Highway Administration, traf-fic delays cost the U.S. economy more than $50 billion annually. Most major roads are rated as ‘‘less than good con-dition.’’ Improvement to other Nation’s infra-structure would greatly benefit West Virginia, which needs road, bridge and rail repairs. We are also in need of water, sewer, and power line repairs. By improving the transportation, our country will open the opportunity for job growth and expansion. I look for-ward to working with my colleagues in the House and the Senate, as well as the new administration, to make sure that these legislative priorities take hold. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate so much my friend Mr. MOONEY ’s points. Well made. This administration hasn’t turned around health care in America, hasn’t seen more choices, people keeping their doctors, keeping their insurance poli-cies they liked. They have seen deductibles skyrocket, such that so many people across America have had $5-, $6-, $7-, $8,000 deductibles. We never had deductibles that high before. What that effectively meant was they weren’t going to get any health insurance help. They were totally on their own, that every single payment that they made, even if they got sub-sidies from the Federal Government, was for nothing. They got no help. They could never come up with enough money in 1 year to meet the deductible so that the insurance would start pay-ing in. What is even more egregious is that apparently we found out that much of this was known would happen before people had ObamaCare forced onto them. Then, in the last week we have had this story from Stephen Dinan, from The Washington Times, finding out that the IRS prioritized their role in ObamaCare over taxpayer customer service. That is what their own inspec-tor general report said. You would think that an administra-tion that says their number one con-cern was America’s health care, that they would not drive so many people off of the insurance they had, they loved, that they could afford, that had the doctor in the system they could use, had the medicine in the policy cov-ered that they could use. Millions have been driven off of their policies to Med-icaid, which so many doctors don’t even take, and this administration has called that a great victory. Yet, in the midst of all of this, we knew—it was talked about back in 2010 when this bill was being passed—that there could be 18,000, 17-, 18,000 new IRS agents that would force ObamaCare upon the country. And as so many peo-ple have reported, when you get notice from the Internal Revenue Service that they are coming after you, it does not do anything to enhance your health. KLTV, in my hometown, contacted me here today, wanting to know more about what was happening with the IRS. It has been outrageous what they have been doing across the country in their local taxpayer service assistance offices. It was reported to us that a sign was put up by one of the IRS employees that, basically, if you don’t like the long line and the bad service, then con-tact your Member of Congress—and fortunately, many did, so we became acutely aware of it. And what was worse, I mean, we had an office in Longview. Some people are able to go—are required to go get docu-mentation from the IRS in order to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.095 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H287 January 10, 2017 
what they need, whether it is with in-surance, with their employer, and they couldn’t get into the IRS office. The IRS office closed in Longview, making it so much more difficult for Ameri-cans in east Texas to get the customer service they needed. Well, this article from The Wash-ington Times points out that the IRS has made things much more painful for taxpayers than it should have been, and that is according to the IRS’ in-spector general. That was in a report Thursday that accused the agency of cutting money for customer service and ignoring phone calls while moving the money over to keep ObamaCare and other administration priorities on track. Well, what that means is the IRS would be there to bully people who had concerns about or problems with ObamaCare, which certainly would not help their health at all. But one reporter had told me that previously they were told by the IRS that Congress cut funding and, you know, that is why customer service was cut. Yet, when we presented the actual facts of what had happened, yes, in the past 6 years, the House of Rep-resentatives—not the Senate, for heav-en’s sake. They haven’t cut anything in their own House of Congress. But the House of Representatives cut our own budgets about 22 percent over a 3-year period, and that is pretty dramatic. Anybody that has ever had to cut their budget by a fourth understands. Americans have had to do that across the country. We did it right here in the House of Representatives, and it has been very difficult for some of our of-fices to provide the care for constitu-ents. So many areas, we are it. We are the ones that can help them stand up against the bureaucracy and demand that they get what the government is required to provide, and yet we were able to do it. On the other hand, the IRS wasn’t cut 22 percent like the House cut our-selves down to the bone. In fact, they had a substantially smaller cut over 2 years, I believe it was. In this past year, we increased the amount of money the IRS got by mil-lions and millions of dollars. What the IRS chose to do is not help taxpayer service, which could also help the IRS from increasing their punitive work against taxpayers that make mistakes because they didn’t get proper advice or service from the IRS assistance. But no, they moved the money. The massive increase we gave to the IRS, they moved it over to be a bigger bully regarding ObamaCare and cut out of-fices, like the one in Longview, and fell more into the stereotype than I have ever seen for the IRS, this as ‘‘IRS em-ployees ignored more than 30 million phone calls from desperate taxpayers seeking help in the run-up to the 2015 filing deadline—and those who did get through often waited a half hour before getting help. ‘‘The IRS apologized publicly for the poor service and blamed Congress, say-ing lawmakers needed to pony up more money if they wanted better results. ‘‘But Inspector General J. Russell George said the IRS cut its own fund-ing by eliminating nearly $150 million from customer service, slashing more than 2,000 staff positions’’—and that is so they could go after more enforce-ment of ObamaCare, as if ObamaCare wasn’t doing enough damage to peo-ple’s health as it was. As my friend, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman K
EVIN BRADY  pointed out: ‘‘The IRS is running out of excuses for its abysmal customer serv-ice record and poor management deci-sions.’’ This new report is even more proof the IRS is failing the very people it was created to serve—American tax-payers. Congress did add more money for the agency last year, just as I was saying, Mr. Speaker. This article also echoes the same thing. The IRS doubled the number of calls it was able to answer, but the agency has promised to main-tain a level of service for next year. But let’s face it, the IRS has shown they will target people because of their political beliefs. They will allow them-selves—not just allow themselves. They insert themselves and have al-lowed themselves to be political weap-ons. Certainly saw that occurred from what has come out from 2012. Did they affect the election? It is hard to say. But they certainly pre-vented many conservative groups from being able to organize. I have heard some who are liberal, not that smart, asking questions: Well, I don’t see how that would hurt con-servative groups just because the IRS did not recognize them. They could still have gone ahead and organized and done their thing. Again, apparently they pay too much attention to the mainstream media and don’t think for themselves, because when one begins to understand the power of the Internal Revenue Code in the United States, you put a group to-gether and you pool your money into one pool to start spending as a group, somebody’s going to be in trouble and going to be accounting for that money as income. I mean, there may be cre-ative ways to handle it, but the way you are supposed to handle it is to get recognition from the Internal Revenue Service that you have a group that can come together, put your money to-gether, and work together toward a common goal. Liberal groups have not had much problem getting that kind of approval, but conservative groups real-ly were targeted by the IRS. And there is a law—we didn’t need to pass a new one—that, according to the facts that have come out regarding Lois Lerner and others at the IRS, it certainly appears that there is prob-able cause to believe crimes were com-mitted and should have been pursued. Yet nothing was done. Why? Because they were groups that were persecuted, not allowed to organize, that did not support this administra-tion; therefore, according to the Jus-tice Department that became more of ‘‘just us department,’’ they weren’t going to pursue anything like that. And in the further category of fur-ther de-Americanization of America, this report from Paul Bedard that U.N. shipped 6 of 10 refugees to the United States, even more this year. Then there is a list from the United Nations refugee resettlement referrals. This report just came out in the last week, less than a week. The U.N. re-ports that of the 134,044 refugees set-tled in 2015, gee, 82,491 of the 134,000 were sent to the United States, that despite the fact information came out, study done, that actually we can sup-port 12 refugees in place in the Middle East for the same price of bringing 1 refugee to the United States. b1845 In fact, this administration didn’t have to use the term redline. This ad-ministration could have simply said: we are going to make sure there is a safe zone in which people can live in the Middle East in a certain area and the U.N. will assist them with food— hopefully, without raping the women and girls, because they have in some areas. We will provide them a safe zone, and their needs will be cared for there. We can handle 12 times as many for the same price as bringing 1 into the United States. I think voters understood that, when they voted Donald Trump as President, there are so many of these refugees that simply cannot be vetted. We know this administration has made mistake after mistake, not only with people that we have no informa-tion to use to determine whether or not they are a threat because we have no background information on so many of these, but also, once they are here, we don’t know where they are, we don’t know where they go. We don’t know even the threat. Then, on top of that, we find out hun-dreds, maybe thousands—we know hun-dreds—of people were supposed to be deported that this administration acci-dentally—instead of deporting them and getting them out of the country so they were no longer a threat, this ad-ministration accidentally granted them citizenship. There are some things that this gov-ernment could do and you would say: well, it is easy to understand. That is an easy mistake. Instead of a 1, they put an 11. Or, instead of a 0, they put a 3. Instead of deporting people and get-ting them out of our country, this ad-ministration accidentally gives them citizenship and has made clear that they are not capable of protecting us from the threats that we are seeing all over Europe and other areas of the world. A point of personal privilege, really, I would like, Mr. Speaker, a shout out to the TSA, which is underneath our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.096 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH288 January 10, 2017 
Department of Homeland Security. It was such an honor to be singled out last Friday for the two molestations. Apparently, I am attractive when it comes to TSA agents. They want to feel up and down, make sure all the parts are actually attached. They did a very good job of that both times on Friday evening when I was flying back to Texas. So my thanks to the TSA. Job well done. It delayed me 30 minutes or so. I kept thinking the TSA agent was going to lie back and have a cigarette or something, but that never happened. Anyway, due regards for the TSA. I am really and truly hoping that we can change substantially management of the TSA in this coming year. At air-port after airport, we see two, three, four times longer lines for the TSA PreCheck than there is for the general boarding. Yet, TSA continues to en-courage people to go ahead and apply. We can streamline your getting through the inspection. And yes, that does mean when you are in PreCheck, you will enjoy having hands laid on you, not in a Christian kind of sense. Over and over, there are good TSA agents, I am finding, all over the coun-try, but the management is atrocious. How long would any security agency stay in business if every day they had longer lines in one area that was the least threat to our security as they do in the general boarding lines that need to be more carefully monitored, we are told? Well, you would fire them. You would hire another security agency. I haven’t seen a study done on this, but, as I recall—I was watching back during my days as a judge and chief justice, and I will have to go back and look—there were so many screams from Congress, especially the Senate, especially on the other side of the aisle, that we have got to have the Fed-eral Government take over security at the airports. We have got to. We are in such danger. We have to have that hap-pen. Has security been enhanced by add-ing tens of thousands of people to the government unions? No, it hasn’t. It really hasn’t. So, what I want to go back and look at, it seems like I remember back years ago, after the Democrats were able to prevail over Republicans who were in the majority and get them to agree to federalize the security at air-ports so that they could get them in the government unions, I was thinking, I don’t know that that is really going to help. Are we going to see a better quality of TSA agent than we had in private security? I would like to see an official number. Maybe if somebody in Homeland Se-curity is listening, Mr. Speaker, they could, in their time between looking the other way as people come into the country illegally, they might just look up how many private security airport personnel were not hired by TSA. The reason for federalizing the secu-rity was so that we will get a better quality of security. It seems like there was a lawsuit back there by a couple hundred people, maybe. We are the only ones not hired by TSA. Out of the thousands and thousands, we are the only ones that weren’t hired. It seems like there was a problem in response that yeah, we really needed people that could read and had finished high school. If you couldn’t read or hadn’t finished high school, we really needed that level. So, basically, it seems what happened is one group here in Congress—and it wasn’t the Republicans—had their way. The security at airports was federal-ized. We are not seeing an increased percentage of capturing items that are coming in, but I have got to say they do a good job of feeling up and down my person. I am not really a threat, though Homeland Security would assume that. Well, I was in the Army for 4 years. I am a strong Christian. I believe in the Bible, and I believe in the United States Constitution as the greatest governing document that was ever pro-mulgated. Apparently, according to the minds at the top of this Homeland Security Department, that makes me more of a threat than most anybody in the coun-try. I was even told back in London, coming back, I believe that was from another trip to Egypt or maybe Israel, and I had to go out from security and come back through. I was told by one of the security guys: Sir, I know who you are and your position, but your Homeland Security Department tells us we have to thoroughly inspect your baggage and you personally. I got it from the British security folks as well. Apparently, if you believe in the Con-stitution, you believe in the Bible, you have served your country in the United States Army, and you are a Christian then you are a big-time threat. It will be so nice to have an adminis-tration that doesn’t see the world the way this administration has seen it. We had a lecture from the Secretary of State. The President of the United States said amen and hallelujah when he condemned Israel over and over and over. We stabbed our friend, Israel, in the back. There are reports in some sectors that not only did we abstain but we encouraged the resolution to be brought forward so that Israel could be condemned. It apparently generated this article from Victor Davis Hanson from Na-tional Review. He said: ‘‘Secretary of State John Kerry, echoing other policymakers in the Obama administration, blasted Israel last week in a 70-minute rant about its supposedly self-destructive policies. Why does the world, including now the U.S.’’—I would submit, Mr. Speaker, not for much longer—‘‘single out lib-eral and lawful Israel but refrain from chastising truly illiberal countries? Kerry has never sermonized for so long about his plan to solve the Syrian cri-sis that has led to some 500,000 deaths or the vast migrant crisis that has nearly wrecked the European Union. No one in this administration has shown as much anger about the many thousands who have been killed and jailed in the Castro brothers’ Cuba, much less about the current Stone Age conditions in Venezuela or the night-marish government of President Rodrigo Duterte in the Philippines, an ally nation. ‘‘President Obama did not champion the cause of the oppressed during the Green Revolution of 2009 in Iran. Did Kerry and Obama become so outraged after Russia occupied South Ossetia, Crimea, and eastern Ukraine? ‘‘Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power was never so impas-sioned over the borders of Chinese-oc-cupied Tibet, or over Turkish-occupied Northern Cyprus. ‘‘In terms of harkening back to the Palestinian ‘refugee’ crisis that started in the late 1940s, no one talks today in similar fashion about the Jews who survived the Holocaust and walked home, only to find that their houses in Eastern Europe were gone or occupied by others. Much less do we recall the 11 million German civilians who were eth-nically cleansed from Eastern Europe in 1945 by the Soviets and their im-posed Communist governments. Cer-tainly, there are not still ‘refugee’ camps outside Dresden for those per-sons displaced from East Prussia 70 years ago. ‘‘More recently, few nations at the U.N. faulted the Kuwaiti government for the expulsion of 200,000 Palestinians after the liberation of Kuwait by coali-tion forces in 1991. Yet on nearly every issue—from ‘settlements’ to human rights to the status of women—U.N. members that routinely violate human rights target a liberal Israel.’’ b1900 ‘‘When President Obama entered of-fice, among his first acts were to give an interview with the Saudi-owned news outlet Al Arabiya championing his outreach to the most nondemo-cratic Islamic world and to blast demo-cratic Israel on ‘settlements.’ ‘‘Partly, the reason for such inordi-nate criticism of Israel’’—well, the ar-ticle says ‘‘sheer cowardice,’’ but that might be inappropriate for a Member to say about the President, so I am not even going to read that part. ‘‘If Israel had 100 million people and was geo-graphically large, the world would not so readily play the bully. ‘‘Instead, the United Nations and Eu-rope would likely leave it alone—just as they give a pass to human-rights of-fenders such as Pakistan and Indo-nesia. If Israel were as big as Iran, and Iran as small as Israel, then the Obama administration would have not reached out to Iran and would have left Israel alone. ‘‘Israel’s supposed Western friends sort out Israel’s enemies by their rel-ative natural resources, geography, and population—and conclude that sup-porting Israel is a bad deal in cost/ben-efit terms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.098 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H289 January 10, 2017 
‘‘Partly, the criticism of Israel is ex-plained by oil—an issue that is chang-ing daily as both the U.S. and Israel cease to be oil importers. ‘‘Still, about 40 percent of the world’s oil is sold by Persian Gulf nations.’’ And I might add parenthetically, when we have a new President, that will drop even further because the United States will begin to produce more of the energy that we have been blessed with. There will be more na-tions in the world that will not have to go begging to Russia, which supposedly those on the left are so concerned about these days. Well, if they are so concerned, let us produce more west Texas oil, more east Texas natural gas, more oil and gas from around the coun-try, and, boy, we will be energy inde-pendent. And as smart people have pointed out for a long time, it is a whole lot easier to take on terrorists who are throwing rocks than terrorists who are launching nuclear weapons. Back to this point being made here in National Review: ‘‘Partly, the criti-cism of Israel is explained by oil—an issue that is changing daily as both the U.S. and Israel cease to be oil import-ers. ‘‘Still, about 40 percent of the world’s oil is sold by Persian Gulf nations. In-fluential nations in Europe and China continue to count on oil imports from the Middle East—and make political adjustments accordingly. ‘‘Partly, anti-Israel rhetoric is due to herd politics. The Palestinians— illiberal and reactionary on cherished Western issues like gender equality, homosexuality, religious tolerance, and diversity—have grafted their cause to the popular campus agendas of race/ class/gender victimization. ‘‘Western nations in general do not worry much about assorted non-West-ern crimes such as genocides, mass cleansings, or politically induced fam-ines. Instead, they prefer sermons to other Westerners as a sort of virtue- signaling, without any worries over of-fending politically correct groups. ‘‘Partly, the piling on Israel is due to American leverage over Israel as a re-cipient of U.S. aid. As a benefactor, the Obama administration expects that Israel must match U.S. generosity with obeisance. Yet the U.S. rarely gives similar ‘how dare you’ lectures to less liberal recipients of American aid, such as the Palestinians,’’ for example, ‘‘for their lack of free elections,’’ not to mention their lack of paying, encour-aging, immortalizing people who are suicide bombers who are successful in killing innocent victims. The article says: ‘‘Partly, the cause of global hostility toward Israel is jeal-ousy. If Israel were mired in Venezuela- like chaos, few nations would care. In-stead, the image of a proud, successful, Westernized nation as an atoll in a sea of self-inflicted misery is grating to many. And the astounding success of Israel bothers so many failed states that the entire world takes notice. ‘‘But partly, the source of anti- Israelism is ancient anti-Semitism. ‘‘If Israelis were Egyptians admin-istering Gaza or Jordanians running the West Bank’’ as they did for 20 years or so, ‘‘no one would care. The world’s problem is that Israelis are Jews. Thus, Israel earns negative scrutiny that is never extended commensurately to others. ‘‘Obama and his diplomatic team should have known all this. Perhaps they do, but they simply do not care.’’ Then we find out this administration, we see what happens when there is yet another terrorist attack in Israel. What does this administration do after such a powerful chastising of our dear friend Israel? Nothing. But ‘‘a Palestinian who may be linked to ISIS rammed his speeding truck into a group of Israeli soldiers in Jerusalem Sunday, killing four people and wounding 15 others be-fore being shot dead in one of the dead-liest attacks in a year-long campaign of violence.’’ Now, even that, from friends at FOX News, is not as accurate as it could be. Yes, they were soldiers that were killed. They were on a sight-seeing tour, and apparently the insidious rad-ical Islamist sat parked and waited for them to be in a vulnerable position, not in a position to use weapons, not fighting. They were sightseeing. As this radical Islamist saw these people getting off the bus, that is when he moved and became the murdering, blood-thirsty, radical Islamist that he was. Mr. Speaker, might I inquire how much time remains? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ASO). The gentleman from Texas has 14 minutes remaining. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I want-ed to finish talking about this issue that has been raised about the Rus-sians being such a big threat to our elections. Some of us have been screaming here on Capitol Hill that we need to have security of the Internet. And as part of that, one of the last things we needed to do was give control over Web site determinations to the international community. That was created as an American entity, the Internet. We had control over ICANN, the organization controlling the Web sites, and this President did irreparable damage to our security. Oh, I know he thinks he didn’t, so I am not accusing anything untoward, but irreparable damage was done by giving over that power to the so-called international community. This article from John Fund, who had a great book about election fraud, points out, and he quotes from a former colleague, Rahm Emanuel: ‘‘‘You never want a serious crisis to go to waste,’ Rahm Emanuel, Obama’s just-named chief of staff, told a Wall Street Journal conference of top CEOs in November 2008 while his boss was still President-elect. Since then a slew of constitutionally dubious executive orders, presidential emergencies, and rushed legislation have characterized the Obama presidency. Now he is leav-ing office by issuing a blizzard of ‘mid-night regulations’ and edicts. ‘‘One of the most troublesome came last Friday and gave the federal gov-ernment the power to begin central-izing our election systems. The Con-stitution explicitly gives states the power to set the ‘times, manner and places of holding elections.’ ‘‘But Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson used the excuse of Fri-day’s release of a report on Russian hacking of the Democratic National Committee to declare that state and local voting systems will be designated as ‘pieces of critical infrastructure’ so that the U.S. Department of Homeland Security can protect them from hack-ers. ‘‘His move—coming just 15 days be-fore President Obama leaves office—led many experts to question both its wis-dom and its constitutionality. ‘While the Federal Government has the gen-eral power to protect the nation’s cyber infrastructure, it cannot intrude into areas of state sovereignty without clear constitutional mandate,’ John Yoo, a law professor at UC Berkeley, told CNSNews.com. ‘‘‘There is no federal power to control or secure elections. Each state admin-isters its own elections, restricted only by constitutional protections for vot-ing rights,’ agreed Illya Shapiro, senior fellow in constitutional studies at the Cato Institute. ‘It may make sense for states to request federal support here, but it would set a dangerous precedent for a federal agency to unilaterally take over state electoral processes. ‘‘Secretary Johnson’s decision sparked outrage among many of those who are most knowledgeable about our election system—the 50 secretaries of state who, along with local officials, run the election process. Even Johnson admitted that ‘many of them are op-posed to this designation.’ ‘‘Secretary of State Brian Kemp of Georgia, told me in an interview that Johnson’s action ‘uses security as an excuse to subvert the Constitution and establish the basis for Federal en-croachment into election systems.’’’ Now, Mr. Speaker, I think it is im-portant to pause and look at what hap-pened in this last election. Now, there have been some people saying, as I heard down at the Senate in the Ken-nedy Room at J
EFFSESSIONS ’ hearing this morning, there were 17 intel-ligence agencies that agreed about the Russian hacking. Well, I am not sure. They must have seen something I didn’t, but I had understood there was, like, three, and that we have been told actually they had these conclusions, but people have admitted—no, actu-ally, they didn’t hack our election sys-tem. They didn’t hack any voting ma-chines. Clapper even admitted that. Of course, he has said: I have testified very falsely. He has admitted under oath that he has not been truthful under oath to the Senate before. So as a law professor once asked: If you have admitted lying, well—he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.100 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH290 January 10, 2017 
would say—are you lying now or were you lying then? If you admit you are lying, which one is really the lie? We don’t know. Is he lying now or lying then? You have said—you have told us you are a liar. Which one is it? What we find among smart juries, once they found you lied to them, is that they are not going to trust you about anything else. I think that con-tributed to the voting results we had. But Conservative HQ had an article: ‘‘Russian Hacking Story A Twofer For Obama And the Left.’’ Say, gee, they get to blame the Russians and they get to take control of the voting system. b1915 Well, all that has come out is some-body hacked John Podesta’s emails— most likely an unprotected server like Hillary Clinton was using—and we lost secrets we may never know. But it was unprotected. Podesta’s was at least protected. And people saw published what Democratic people participating in the Hillary Clinton campaign had said about Christians, Catholics, the duplicity of trying to bring down B
ER-
NIESANDERS , the duplicity at debates, the if it is not illegal, the certainly rule-violating strategies of revealing questions before a debate. Shockingly, when the truth was re-vealed and certain people in the Hil-lary Clinton administration, or in their campaign, were exposed as lying about so many things, those people are now saying: Hey, when America found out we were lying, they voted against Hil-lary. They hurt our election. They af-fected our election because we were ex-posed as liars and it cost us votes. That is grossly unfair. The American people should never have known the truth that we were lying about so many things, that we were conspiring to bring down B
ERNIE SANDERS and defeat him unfairly. The American people weren’t supposed to find those things out and, doggone it, those Russians need to be punished. Well, I don’t know where it came from. And I also know, as a fact, that some intelligence personnel have lied to the chairman of our Intel Com-mittee in the last Congress. I know it is a fact. I don’t know who it was, but they did. When you have Clapper say, Yeah, I came in here and testified about a bunch of stuff that wasn’t true, you wonder wouldn’t it be a good idea to take those incredible individuals in our intelligence agencies that have been faithful to our country, served our country, not their political agenda, and done great things for America, let’s get them in the positions of authority in the intelligence agencies. And since they have been working there, they will know what to do; they will know who to trust, who not to trust. As you find out, if you ever sit on the bench as a felony judge very long, it doesn’t matter what area of life you are in, there are people that are not honest. Fortunately, in law enforce-ment, intelligence agencies, homeland security, places like that, in my opin-ion, there is a much higher number of good, honorable, honest people that care about providing for the safety of the American people. That is where we need to go. Find those people in those departments and put them in positions of leadership. We have a great opportunity now be-fore us, and if you are agnostic or athe-ist, you should believe it was all a roll of the dice. This kind of stuff happens. Hey, even a pragmatist agnostic would probably say: Well, if I am honest, somebody—Julian Assange said it wasn’t the Russians. Indications were it may well have been an unhappy Democratic operative in the party that provided. But wherever they came from, information was provided to the American public showing the terribly unfair and untruthful things that have been said or done, and they voted against the party that had apparently done the unfair, untruthful things. So I think we need to look, as Shake-speare would say, not to our stars, but in ourselves. Personally, I think we were mercifully given another chance to give back to the American people the power that this Congress and the executive branch has used for far too long and let America be America, not the evil parts—the KKK, the lynchings, the horrid things that mar our his-tory—but the goodness, the part of America that would say, ‘‘I don’t care about the KKK. I am going to take you into my home. I am going to protect you’’; the parts of America that said, ‘‘I don’t care what color your skin is. We are fellow human beings and we have got some good ideas and we are going to work together and we are going to raise this Nation to heights it has never seen before.’’ I am hoping and praying that is where we are head-ed. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
WHO GETS THE BREAKS FROM RE-PEALING THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT? THE SUPERWEALTHY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, in-deed, we do have an extraordinary country. Down through the last 230 years, this Congress has met, has dis-cussed, decided, voted upon, and set in place policies that advanced our coun-try. And we are so very fortunate, all of us Americans, to be living here with all the promise that this incredible his-tory has given us. But at this period of time, we also have some profound questions about where this country is going. We wake up and we say: What is happening here? What is happening in the international scene? What is all this about Russia hacking? What is all this about trying to influence the American election? Did they really, and did it really hap-pen, and was it effective? Well, we know it really happened. The American public is scratching their head and they are saying: What is it? And then all this talk about change, all this talk about we are going to change things; we are going to repeal ObamaCare, and we are going to re-place it with something great. Hmmm. I wonder what that might be. And I suspect all across this Nation there are men, women, families that are also wondering: What do they mean it will be great? What is it that is great? Well, if you were to go around the Capitol, if you were to talk to Members in the House of Representatives or over in the Senate and say: So it is gonna be great; what is it? Well, we will tell you tomorrow or we will tell you later, but it will be great. Maybe, maybe not. Right now, the Senate is working on a piece of legislation that will set the stage for the repeal of the Affordable Care Act—and some would derisively call it ObamaCare. Repeal it. Oh, yeah, get rid of that thing. But not to where it is going to be great as soon as it is gone. Really? I don’t think so. I know that in my part of California, a lot of people—in fact, more than 20,000—don’t think it is great at all. They are going to lose their health care. And there are a whole lot of sen-iors in my community that are going: Wow, it is going to be great. Really? But I will lose my annual check-up. And that awesome drug doughnut hole that was so frightening just years ago is going to come back? That is not so great. I drove into town or into the Capitol today. I don’t live so far away, but it is 20 degrees, and I decided I would rather drive than freeze. So I drove in and an advertisement came on the radio, and it said: You are going to get a trillion- dollar tax cut. Wonderful. The middle class will have a trillion-dollar tax cut. I said: Well, that is not what I saw last night when I read the statistics about the great repeal of the Affordable Care Act. In fact, I read something quite dif-ferent from the tax committees, from Americans, various people. Let me put something up here. Here it is. Who gets that trillion-dollar tax cut? Who is it? Is it the middle class? Well, I don’t think so, because when you look at the numbers, it goes to the very wealthy. They are the ones who are going to get the tax cut with the repeal of ObamaCare. When the Affordable Care Act is re-pealed the way it is presently going, the bill that is over in the Senate will require that the taxes that were put in place to support the Affordable Care Act and to provide insurance for 20 mil-lion people—that is both the govern-ment insurance, the Medicaid, Medi- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.101 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H291 January 10, 2017 
Cal in California, and the subsidized in-surance from the various programs that exist State by State—that money was raised from the wealthy. When the tax cuts come into place, here is the real story. The top 1 per-cent—do you remember the 1 percenters? Do you remember all that discussion about the 1 percenters and the 99? The 1 percenters get 57 percent of that trillion dollars, and everyone else gets to split the remaining 43 per-cent. The top one-tenth of the tax-payers in California—we are talking about the superwealthy. We are talking about the folks that are actually going to be in the President-elect’s Cabinet, you know, the billionaires that he is going to put in the Cabinet. We are talking about those guys—oh, roughly a $200,000-a-year tax break. But after all, they are hurting. They need a few more hundred thousand dollars along the way. So the trillion-dollar tax break that is the foundation of the repeal, if you eliminate the money, the program is not working. There will not be annual visits for seniors so that they can stay healthy, so that they can control their blood pressure, diabetes, mammo-grams, and all the rest that go with it. There won’t be money for the 3.7 mil-lion Californians that presently are able to get coverage under the Medi- Cal program. There won’t be money for the almost 2 million Californians that are in the subsidized pool called Cov-ered California. That money won’t be there. Those folks are going to be out. And by the way, the repeal will re-move the insurance for 30 million Americans all across the country. But who gets the real benefit here? The superwealthy, the top 1 percent will get 57 percent of that trillion-dollar tax break, and the rest of us will share in the 43 percent remaining. Another way to look at it, folks. It will be great, but for whom? Well, if you break the American public into the five sectors, the first 20 percent, next 20, next 20, next 20, and then the top 20—so these are the real poor down here in the lower 20 percent, and these are the superwealthy in the top 20 per-cent. So what happens? When you repeal the Affordable Care Act, as is now hap-pening in the Senate—and it will be over here either this week or early next week; and then this House will take it up and it, too, will vote on that very same budget bill that will create a trillion-dollar tax cut over the next decade—who will get the money? There you go. The top 20 percent will wind up with a full 74 percent of that. b1930 Despite that little advertisement that I heard on the radio, which said, ‘‘Oh, the poor and the middle class are going to get it,’’ really? Let’s see. Of the bottom 20 percent— 6.7—oh, and the next will get 5.9 per-cent of it—do you have any idea what they are going to lose? They are going to lose the subsidies on their insurance programs. They won’t be able to afford it. They will lose their insurance. For some of them, they are on the Medicaid or the Medi- Cal program in California, and they will be out of luck unless, of course, the State of California can find $16.8 billion to replace the money that just disappeared with the repeal of the Af-fordable Care Act, and that money is then transferred to the top 20 percent. These folks down here, the bottom 20 percent—actually, the bottom 60 per-cent of the American public are the losers. Who are the winners? The ones who are already able to buy insurance. I love this trick. I was the Insurance Commissioner in California. I loved this little trick: ‘‘Not to worry. We are going to give an opportunity for people to buy their own insurance and give them a tax break.’’ Do you mean these people down here have enough money jingling around in their pockets that they are going to be able to go out and buy the insurance and get the tax break? Uh-uh. It is the folks up here on top who will, once again, benefit. This really is a massive shift of $1 trillion from those people who are now insured, for those people who are now able to get care in the clinics that have been established across America—in outlying areas and in rural areas in my district. It is a massive shift from the ability of those people to get health care, for those people who are on the exchanges and are able to get sub-sidized insurance so that they can af-ford it, for those people who are seniors and are able to get their free annual checkups and have their drug costs re-duced as the doughnut hole shrinks. It is a massive shift of money being taken directly out of their benefits and their pockets and going to the wealthy of America. That is what is happening. That is what this repeal of the Afford-able Care Act is. Then you look at the implications of that. What about the hospitals that have been able to ramp up their serv-ices? What about the reforms that were in the Affordable Care Act—the insur-ance reforms—that said to the insur-ance companies: ‘‘Oh, no, no, no, you can no longer discriminate because that person happens to be a woman or has a preexisting condition’’? This is important, Mr. Speaker. If you are scratching your head and won-dering what is going on here, listen carefully because this super rapid train is about to come into the House of Rep-resentatives and sweep through here, wiping out the healthcare benefits of 30 million Americans. For those who are not directly affected, they, too, are going to wind up in a very precarious situation because the reforms will also be repealed. Joining me tonight to discuss this and Social Security—oh, by the way, Social Security is also on the chopping block—are two of my colleagues: M ARCY KAPTUR from Ohio, who has been an extraordinary leader on the issues of manufacturing, of making it in America, of looking out for seniors, and for people who are in need of help and support. Congresswoman K
APTUR , would you care to join us and share with us your thoughts on what is happening in Washington? Ms. KAPTUR. Thank you, Congress-man G
ARAMENDI . You are such a rare and talented Member. I thank the peo-ple of California for sending you here. You serve them every day of the week, 7 days a week—24/7. It is a privilege to appear with you tonight and also with Congressman P
AUL TONKO , one of our most talented Members from upstate New York—a region like my own that has just been battered by the global economy and the outsourcing of jobs. We all are just honored to serve in this Congress, and we respect it and its his-tory and its potential. Mr. Speaker, as I travel my own dis-trict and State, I am finding I have to reassure people. Anytime there is a change, I guess, in public life, people need to be bolstered that everything is going to be okay. We are here to be that squad and to say to the American people that they have power, too, and that it isn’t just the super rich of this country or the billionaire class. We can label them ‘‘wealth power.’’ And that has power; yes, it does. Some-times extraordinary power. But there is also ‘‘people power.’’ I consider my-self having been lifted here by people power over many years, and I appre-ciate the people of my region for allow-ing me to serve our country and to learn every day, to learn from them, to learn how to make the instruments of the Nation work better for them. There is also ‘‘spiritual power.’’ I am amazed at how people’s spiritual groundings help them through difficult situations and transitions. Then there is ‘‘intellectual power.’’ We hope to use some of that here once in a while. That is a power in and of itself. We think about the power of lib-erty of a free people to improve their Nation, to heal their Nation, to expand opportunity in their Nation. We are aided and abetted by a very curious media—sometimes more ridicu-lous than it needs to be—but also of people digging, trying to find that elu-sive truth that should lead us all for-ward. So we find ourselves helping to heal our Nation by being Members here, and we all hope for the best for our people and for our country. I think the Members here are very well moti-vated. I rise to defend, really, and to sup-port two foundational programs of our society: Social Security and Medicare. I will try to be brief so others can com-ment. I am very proud to say that our fam-ily is one of those families who would have been completely destroyed had it not been for Social Security and Medi-care. Those didn’t exist when my par-ents were born and grandparents were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.103 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH292 January 10, 2017 
living in our country. But in 1935, after our country crashed economically and there were major bank failures and the stock market crashed and wiped out the savings of millions of Americans, the Nation turned to the Federal Gov-ernment, to the President, to guar-antee for a large segment of our soci-ety—senior citizens—decent incomes. The Social Security Insurance Act was enacted at the urging of Demo-cratic President Franklin Delano Roo-sevelt. He was regarded as a saint in our household because what happened around our country was that seniors before that time—many of them—were living in what we called poorhouses. They were dying in terrible cir-cumstances, and there was no security as a person aged. Can you imagine how revolutionary it was at that time to create a social insurance program—probably the larg-est insurance program America has ever had—to ensure that as people aged or if workers became disabled in the workplace or if they died that their children would have sources of income? The program did all of that. In think-ing back, gosh, over 70 years, how transformational was that? As for our grandpa, who died in a county hospital in Ohio before the en-actment of Medicare, I know the condi-tions that he died under. And I know that, when our mother died, it was a different situation. She had Social Se-curity and Medicare, and we were able to take care of her. The same was true with our father. Intergenerationally, I see our coun-try getting better. I am proud of that. I am also proud to be a Democrat and a member of a party that has created Social Security, which has become an indispensable part of our way of life. As I have said to seniors and to workers, it is an earned benefit. People pay for it every time their paychecks are nicked, and their employers match it. Obviously, to survivors—and, obvi-ously, I have neighbors who have lost spouses, whose children then benefit from the survivor benefit—what an in-credible gift this idea is to the Amer-ican people. There are 35 million people today in our country who depend on Social Security—one out of every six Americans. Every day, Social Security lifts 20 million people out of poverty— people who used to live in poverty. Can you imagine what that was like? We don’t ever, ever want to go back to that world. In 2014, the latest data show us that more than 6 million children under the age of 18 live in families who receive income from Social Security, lifting more than a million children out of poverty. Social Security has never been a welfare program. It is an earned benefit, and all Americans who con-tribute to it during their working life-times receive benefits. Social Security is a compact of trust between genera-tions. It is the ever-present sentry at the economic security gate for retirees, for those hurt on the job, or for their survivors, and it is America’s greatest insurance program ever. I happened to be living when Lyndon Johnson helped to create the Medicare program, which provides health insur-ance coverage now to over 55 million people in our country—essential health security for seniors. Today, only 2 per-cent of the elderly in our country lack health insurance compared to 48 per-cent—half the people of this country— in 1962, after World War II, before Medi-care even existed. That seems sort of modern times, the 1960s; yet it really was not. I would say that that is a ‘‘wow’’ by any measure. Yes, people are living longer. Thank God the program is working. People are getting free preventative healthcare screenings and are lowering the long-term costs of care because of early diagnosis. Seniors don’t have to pay for mammograms or diabetes or cancer screenings, thanks to the Af-fordable Care Act; so we keep trying to make the system better. Since House Republicans won the majority in 2011, every House Repub-lican budget has tried to end the Medi-care guarantee and turn Medicare into a privatized voucher program. Do you know what that is going to do? It is going to shut out millions of Americans who are elderly—or who are about to be elderly—from insurance. The reason we have Medicare is that insurers weren’t insuring seniors—that is the reason it exists in the first place—or they will make the price so high that people won’t be able to pay for it; or they will cherry-pick only the healthy people. Then those who have diabetes, those who have had prior can-cers, those who have multiple sclerosis, those who have Parkinson’s will be cast aside. What kind of a country would this be, for heaven’s sake? The American Association of Retired Persons and the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medi-care completely opposed the Repub-licans’ plan to voucherize and let every senior go out there in the market and try to find a plan of his own, because they know what that means. These two programs are the most pro-life pro-grams this Nation has ever created. We should be so proud of what we have been able to do as a country over the last century. The Republican attacks on Social Se-curity and Medicare need to stop. They are America’s bulwark for millions and millions of people, and they have prov-en themselves to be America’s most important, lifetime security programs. I thank Congressman G
ARAMENDI and Congressman T
ONKO for being down here tonight. I know how passionately you care about the people of our coun-try way beyond just your districts and why we are here. We are here to stand with them. Mr. GARAMENDI. Thank you very much, Ms. K
APTUR . I loved your talk of the history and how it came to pass that we have So-cial Security and Medicare and what happened when we did not. It was real-ly profound. It reminded me of my own history. I remember, as a young kid, that my father took me to the county hospital where the neighboring rancher was—we were out on a ranch in California—and it was horrible. That is where he was sent to die because there was no Medi-care. Ms. KAPTUR. If the gentleman would yield, I can remember the stench. Mr. GARAMENDI. Oh, the stench was unbelievable. Ms. KAPTUR. I can remember that. Mr. GARAMENDI. I am sorry your father endured that. Ms. KAPTUR. My grandpa. Mr. GARAMENDI. Your grandfather. Ms. KAPTUR. Our father had to fight to get him in there because there wasn’t enough space for people who were ill and dying. That was before hospice and that was before Medicare. I remember, as a young girl, that that was a hard thing to experience, but our mother and father never protected us from the inevitable. Mr. GARAMENDI. I was just think-ing that I have got more stories to tell, but I really want to turn to our col-league from New York. Mr. TONKO and I are often on the floor—with you also—to discuss jobs in America, how to enhance our American economy with research, economic development of all kinds, transportation infrastruc-ture, Make It In America. Mr. T
ONKO , tonight we are on a some-what different subject, but I know it is one that you are very familiar with, one that you have spent your entire ca-reer addressing in trying to help sen-iors and others who have been on the short end of the stick. Thank you so much for joining us, Mr. T
ONKO . b1945 Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative G
ARAMENDI for bringing us together in this Special Order for-mat to talk about some key critical components that address American families significantly. Representative G
ARAMENDI and Representative M ARCY  K
APTUR , who both do their homework, are a great addition to the House be-cause they challenge us with facts, not fiction. They care deeply and passion-ately about improving and enhancing the quality of life. So to stand with both on this issue is a good feeling for me. Just a couple of observations: I think it is okay for government to have a heart. We speak to the heart and soul of working families across this country by understanding that health care is not a privilege; it is a right. So let’s begin with that fundamental basic observation, a right. What we have seen with this right is that over 30 million Americans have been added to the rolls of the insured over the course of the Affordable Care Act. Now, Representative K
APTUR did a great job of speaking to history of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.105 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H293 January 10, 2017 
Medicare, of Social Security, and of the Affordable Care Act, as did Rep-resentative G
ARAMENDI . I remember being at the 75th anniversary celebra-tion of Social Security, and people were talking about the discrediting going on before Social Security was en-acted into law. There were those who demonized it before it became law. There were those who have fought it ever since. They don’t want that right for working families. I would suggest that Social Security, Medicare, and the Affordable Care Act are rock solid elements of a foundation upon which to grow quality of life and longevity. It is a basic fundamental ad-ditive that, when brought to our work-ing families across this country, we are providing a service and we are address-ing them with dignity. That is what this is about. The demonization of the Affordable Care Act is interesting. Because if you look at polling, you will find that peo-ple say that ObamaCare is destroying the Nation. Well, what about the Af-fordable Care Act? That is working. My friends, it is the same issue, it is the same concept, and it is the same pro-gram. So what we have tried to do is dis-credit a program that took on a major challenge, took on major industries, and needed to provide a balance and an actuarial outcome that is providing a go-forward and accomplish what you have enacted as a mission. The actu-arial science has got to be precise. So for those who want to repeal, they are talking about, in cases, pulling a brick out of the foundation and having it get wobbly, and it is going to crash the marketplace. We are going to have all of these people who have been en-rolled or have been forever enrolled in health care impacted by rising costs and disruptive outcomes that will put them at risk. So like the Social Security Program before the ACA, like Medicare before the ACA, as you floated these boats, as you went forward with time, you learned where you needed to tweak, and you adjusted, by amendment for-mat, to make the program stronger. That is what we have been asking for in a partnership here in the House and with the Senate. Let’s work on those areas that may need improvement, but do not repeal because repeal without replacement is a disaster. It is a dis-aster waiting to happen. We have provided hope for working families across this country. We have had the testimony presented to us, an-ecdotal evidence, that this is working, that for the first time families have en-joyed a connection to a system, a standardized approach. What was the program? People say: Well, I don’t want to pay for someone else’s health care. You have been paying for it before the ACA. It was called the emergency room. It wasn’t standardized because whoever you got at that emergency room in whatever location, as you traveled looking for assistance, didn’t provide a steady flow. It was a wasteful outcome for taxpayers and an insufficient out-come, a cruel outcome for those con-sumers who were impacted by being underinsured or uninsured. So let’s set the record straight. We have had a program up and running for 8 years now. The Republicans have chastised this program saying it needs to be repealed. We have taken over 65 votes, or 65 votes, I believe, to repeal, but there has never been a replacement plan. So what kind of gimmick is this to pull away a program that is working for tens of millions of families added to the rolls but not replace? That is dis-aster waiting to happen. So we challenge our colleagues here in the House and in the Senate down the hall to be academic about this, to be compassionate about it, to be pas-sionate in our resolve, and to make a difference by putting together the im-provements that we require and not re-pealing. Now, we look at the Affordable Care Act and what it means to our health care. But if you repeal, you will wreak damage on the budget. You will de-stroy our economy. You will have a huge workforce displacement, and you will slash care for America’s working families. Is this the outcome that we want? Remember, we were the last industri-alized nation to come to the table and provide guaranteed health care for our families. That is not something of which we are proud. That was destruc-tive. That was insensitive. It was not effective. It was a waste of tax dollars the way we did it. So now we go forward with a program that allows us to now take a look at the history, albeit brief, on the Afford-able Care Act, but understanding where we need to fine tune. We do that, and the challenge is there for all of us: take the cost out of the system for a strong-er future and provide at least the same level of quality, if not enhanced qual-ity, as we go forward. That should unite us in a common cause, cutting the cost of the program and enhancing the quality of services provided. What a great mission for all of us to embark upon. So let’s not play politics with the health care for tens of millions of peo-ple who are new to the system and for all of us who have been covered rou-tinely by the system. We can do better than that. Let the lessons of Social Security and Medicare, which, as my colleagues indicated earlier, address the American public with dignity, improvement, en-hancement, and hope, the best com-modity we can deliver as a government to her people. So I thank Representative G
ARAMENDI for the opportunity for us to speak to these issues. Frankness is required right now. The lack of theater would be an improvement. No theater on this. Let’s settle for facts, not fic-tion, and working together to bring about what is a sound resolve that al-lows us to provide stability and success for the American public. That, I don’t think, is too much to ask. So I thank the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. GARAMENDI ) for bringing us together. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, it is always a pleasure for me to be on the floor with Representative T
ONKO be-cause of his passion, his knowledge, his ability to articulate with clarity, in this case, the importance of the Social Security program, Medicare, as well as the Affordable Care Act. The gen-tleman makes a compelling argument. I want the public of America to real-ly grasp the importance of what is hap-pening here in Washington. Yes, we are going to have a new President, and there will be an inaugural and all of the celebration that goes with that. Let me put it this way: When that is done, there is a majority of the Con-gress and the Senate, together with the President, that fully intend to embark on unraveling the very critical safety net for more than 30 million Ameri-cans. And for everyone else who has in-surance at every age—Medicare all the way down who has insurance—they will also see a dislocation and an unravel-ing of their insurance benefits because this market could seriously unravel. So as the gentleman said so clearly, be academic, study the facts, and study the pros and the cons of the various al-ternatives that are out there. I know, as an insurance commis-sioner and having been dealing in the issues of health care for many years now, that there are improvements needed in the Affordable Care Act. There is no doubt. We have been saying that since shortly after it became law. And even when it became law, I said this should be done this way or that way a little differently. We are 8 years into this and, as you say, millions, tens of millions actually—around 30 million directly—are involved and benefiting from the program, either through Med-icaid, through the exchanges, or through the various benefits that are out there. So it is really, really impor-tant. I want to also pick up on something that Representative K
APTUR brought to our attention. I am going to put one more chart up here. I was surprised and a little bit appalled, just before we broke for Christmas, that the new chairman of the subcommittee of the Ways and Means Committee who deals with Social Security introduced a piece of legislation. We looked at it. It was just before the Christmas holi-days, so I picked it up and started looking at it. I go: whoa, wait, wait, wait. This is a major step to unravel the Social Security system. Remem-ber, back in the George W. Bush admin-istration, in the first 3 years of his ad-ministration, he tried to privatize So-cial Security. He failed miserably at that. Thankfully, he failed. Congress wouldn’t stand for it. At least, the Democrats in Congress wouldn’t stand for it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.107 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH294 January 10, 2017 
I see this piece of legislation intro-duced in the last session, in the last days, and I am going: Whoa, what does this mean? This man becomes the chairman of the subcommittee that deals with Social Security, and I am going: oh, no, they wouldn’t; they wouldn’t go after Social Security again. But the bill does. It does it in a way that, once again, gives enormous benefits to the wealthy and not so much for the others. This is a little chart about what hap-pens if that piece of legislation by Mr. J
OHNSON actually becomes law. These are the benefits that would be received today. In 10 years, these would be the benefits. This is the top 20 percent rather, and right here is the middle. That is about a $3,000 a year reduction. Keep in mind that, I think, well over 50 percent of the seniors in the United States depend upon Social Security as their principal source and, in many cases, their only source of income. So you get a decline. What do they want to do? They want to increase the age to 69 before you could apply for full Social Security. They want to radi-cally change the cost-of-living index. I know what I heard from my constitu-ents when there was no cost of living over the previous 2 years—and a very small one this last year—the cost of care for seniors continues to rise be-cause they are on the expensive side of things. There are some other provi-sions in it. So this is a wake-up call. This is a wake-up call. Clearly, the majority party here in the House and in the Senate have promised to repeal the Affordable Care Act, which we have talked about. They have also made it clear that in the past—and we believe in the months ahead—they will attempt to privatize a large portion of the Medicare program. So Medicaid will be largely gutted, and the increases that we have seen through the Medicaid program will be wiped out. The Medicare program will have sig-nificant benefit reductions, and, if they intend to voucherize it, which they have talked about, then as Representa-tive K
APTUR said, they will throw the seniors to the mercy of the insurance companies. My basic point tonight was to raise the alarm and to begin to discuss here amongst our colleagues the reality of what is being planned for America. Don’t look at this as a partisan issue, Republican or Democrat. Look at this as a personal issue. Look at this as an issue that was given to me by a woman who is a farm-er in the community I represent north of Sacramento who never had insur-ance. She was an entrepreneur, a self- employed farmer. She never had insur-ance. If she needed care, she would go to the emergency room. That worked when she was young, but then she be-came a little older, and then cancer. b2000 The treatments for her cancers were unaffordable. She would go bankrupt. The Affordable Care Act came along with guaranteed coverage and an insur-ance policy through the exchange in California that she could afford that would provide her with unlimited med-ical services for the rest of her life. No cap, no annual cap, no lifetime cap. She got her cancer treatments, and she has moved along. She said: I still need care. And if they repeal the Affordable Care Act, I won’t get it and I will die. That story is repeated across Amer-ica. It is repeated in my district. I can give many more examples. So this real-ly is, in her case and in many others, a life-or-death situation. So, yes, we will be academic as Mr. TONKO has said. We should be. We should understand the implications of one policy versus an-other. We should understand when you start with repealing a trillion dollars of taxes, that will have a profound im-pact on health care in America. And the benefits will go to the wealthy. That is academic. But it is also this woman, a small farmer who developed cancer. She had no hope. The Affordable Care Act comes along, and she is able to get in-surance and she is able to get the chemotherapy necessary to save her life. She is back on the farm. Repeal the Affordable Care Act and this woman, along with millions of Americans, are in serious jeopardy. So be aware. Social Security on the chop-ping block; Medicare on the chopping block; the Affordable Care Act is on the chopping block. Tax reductions for whom? Yes, mom and pop would get $130 a year from the tax cuts. The bil-lionaires in the Trump administration would get $200,000 a year in tax cuts. Mom and pop are likely to lose their insurance. I now yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Thank you, Representa-tive G
ARAMENDI . As you talk about public sentiment about Social Security, the Affordable Care Act, and hearing the evidence you have provided from your constituent within your district, it becomes very apparent where the American public is. When polled recently, only 20 percent of the American public is in support of efforts to repeal without replacement— 20 percent. So the great, great majority understands what is going on here. We have also seen during the recent campaign season, which probably went a year and a half to 2 years long, a lot of talk about repealing the Affordable Care Act, undoing the act. That hap-pened in the same timeframe as 11.5 million people were added to the rolls for 2017. So there is an appeal here that is drawing the American public toward the coverage provided by ACA. So the sentiment here is to get things done and provide, again, the stability. I am also a cosponsor of legislation entitled Strengthening Social Security Act that would improve how we cal-culate the benefits for Social Security. We are not advancing reducing those benefits or raising the retirement age to 69 or whatever level; we are talking about enhancing benefits. When you talk to seniors, they will say we either have got nothing or we got just a bit of an increase that was taken away with the other hand for some other purpose. So, yes, we need to revisit just how we give that green light to a COLA ad-justment, and we need to calculate that approval with items that are truly essential for the senior citizens, not big screen televisions or certain items that are adding to a luxurious note, but one that speaks to their basic core needs to live day to day. So the Strengthening Social Security Act does just that. It takes into account all of the essentials in that calculus that will determine whether or not a COLA adjustment is given that given year. So that is im-portant. I also believe it is time for us to look at that cap that we have created, that we have placed on contributions to So-cial Security. You know, some people by February 12 or 14, whatever date it is, are done paying. They are done con-tributing by that point in the year. Well, the standards of $118,000, or $127,000 coming this year, are just cap-turing most of those revenues. The hardship is placed on the working, mid-dle-income community, those looking to ascend the middle class. There could be a far greater contribution from other income strata that we ought to look at to provide stability. A point needs to be made that Medi-care, Medicaid, and the Affordable Care Act are all intertwined. There were strengtheners that were provided for these programs. There was a partner-ship of revenue stream that was cal-culated and assumed that again pro-vides for the quality of response to the consuming public, and especially those in senior years. I have a large percentage of senior citizens in the makeup of my constitu-ency. It is important to recognize that many who are on Medicare end up get-ting Medicaid assistance because of sit-uations that are called upon where they are perhaps placed in nursing homes, adult homes, or the like. So we have to be cognizant here of the public sentiment, where is their thinking, and we know exactly what they want. They want stability for these programs. They want strengthening of the pro-grams. They want to make certain that all of these efforts that have lasted for decades, or were introduced as late as 2010, will continue so they have a fu-ture that is that more secure, that more certain. So tonight we talk and implore our colleagues to please help improve the Affordable Care Act. Let’s not repeal, and certainly do not repeal without a replacement plan. That is a disaster that will really cause havoc in the marketplace. It is one that doesn’t prove to be actuarially sound. Also, let’s make certain that we don’t have these efforts again to voucherize Medi-care, to privatize Social Security. These are programs that have provided stability. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.108 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H295 January 10, 2017 
When I came into the House in 2009, it was at the lowest point of the reces-sion which President Obama was hand-ed upon his entering into the Presi-dency. There were 700,000, 800,000, 900,000 jobs lost a month in the deepest, darkest moment of the recession. What did we see? We saw individuals who took their lifetime’s worth of savings and entrusted them to a marketplace, and they lost everything for which they had ever worked, and others real-ized they didn’t lose a single cent of Social Security. Therein lies a tremen-dous bit of testimony as to the meri-torious achievements of a Social Secu-rity system, one that provided that safety net for all families, one that made certain there was some sort of continuous flow, a backup, a reinforce-ment, as you went into retirement years. We are reminded of Medicare and what the results were for retirees, how long they were expected to live and what their quality of life was like. It was tremendously, favorably turned around with the benefits of Medicare. So with an impassioned plea, I en-courage this House, the Senate, to do the right thing: stand for the American public and allow them to be addressed with dignity with these programs that have proven themselves. And where there is a need to further assist, as there has been time and time and time again with Social Security, as there has been time and time again with Medicare, let’s provide that same ap-proach to the Affordable Care Act. I thank the gentleman from Cali-fornia for bringing us together and being able to share our thoughts and advocacy to do the right thing. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. T
ONKO very much. It is al-ways a pleasure and learning experi-ence to be on the floor with Mr. T
ONKO . I now yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). We are about to wrap it up as we are nearly out of time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to join Mr. G
ARAMENDI and Mr. T
ONKO , and I want to place in the R
ECORD , since both of you have talked so eloquently about the Affordable Care Act, you know how you will be walking through your district, maybe at a parade or some public event, and someone will break from the crowd and run toward you. I am thinking about one particular woman who came up to me in one of my smaller communities. She was in tears. This was during the summertime. She has cerebral palsy, and she never was able to get care. I don’t know why she didn’t qualify for insurance, I don’t know all of that, but she hugged me and thanked me. And then around the corner from where we live, there is a little produce market that I go into all the time. I am friends with one of the women who works there. This little business couldn’t afford insurance, so their em-ployees, when the Affordable Care Act passed, went to the private market-place to get a plan. This particular woman who works long hours and lost her husband to cancer told me: MARCY , why are people complaining about the Affordable Care Act? Guess what, now I have cancer. She said: I was able to go and get all of the tests, and now they have me on chemotherapy. So, with cancer, this woman is work-ing. She was only able to get insurance through the Affordable Care Act. Mul-tiply that times 10,000, 20,000, 1 million, 20 million, whatever the number is. Think about the number of people in our country who were without insur-ance. Sometimes I am speechless when I meet these citizens because I think: Where were you hiding before? Where were you? Another place I was, a woman was mixing up. She said: Well, I have health insurance, right? I pay car in-surance. I said: No. Car insurance doesn’t cover health insurance. People sometimes don’t act in their own self-interest. She didn’t even know that because she had auto insurance, that didn’t cover health insurance. Can you believe that? So she was in a job where, with the Affordable Care Act, she could go out to the exchange and buy a plan. It is amazing to me some of the things that have happened and how I see the Affordable Care Act off to a very good start. As Mr. T
ONKO said, don’t just repeal it until you have something to replace it with. You cannot pull the rug out from under these people’s lives. It would be unconscionable to do that. We have several Christians, several other denominations in this House. It would be very unChristian to do that, for those who are Christian. And for those of other denominations—pick your denomination—I just think it would be very cruel. I thank the gentleman for allowing us to speak out this evening on behalf of citizens who can’t speak for them-selves and to try to help perfect what we as a Republic can do for our citi-zenry. b2015 Mr. TONKO. Representative G
ARAMENDI , if I just might, I am listen-ing to Representative K
APTUR talk of the interaction she had with her con-stituents, and I would just add my similar experience. Some of the most cherished efforts of the Affordable Care Act are about pre-existing conditions. Being a woman, being a pregnant woman, or being a woman or a man fighting cancer made it very difficult for people to get that insurance, and lifetime caps. You know, people being rolled into surgery, wheeled into surgery, and being told that they were discontinuing their plan. So these are elements of the Afford-able Care Act that could be at risk if we start playing around with the actu-arial balance that has been achieved. And preexisting conditions, they rang right up there as one of the biggest concerns people have about repeal. Ms. KAPTUR. On that point, another woman came up to me, I was over at the medical hospital with my brother, and she has epilepsy, and she has an-other condition. She told me, she said: You know, MARCY , I have to cut my pills in half. Can you help me try to find pills so that I can afford to pay for all the medicines that I need to take care of myself? Rather than repealing, can’t we find a majority of Republicans to help us, to help our citizens be able to get medi-cine at prices they can afford? Why can’t we have competitive bid-ding for pharmaceuticals? Why can’t we have that? We have it for the VA. We have it for the Department of De-fense. Why can’t we have it for the rest of our citizenry so that we can get the best price? But I thought: Cutting your pills in half? And so what happens to her is, if she doesn’t take enough of the medi-cine, then she has a seizure. But she has got other things wrong with her, so she is trying to cut this pill and cut that pill. And I thought, this is crazy. This is crazy. Can’t we do better as a country than this for our people? I have never understood why the price of pharmaceuticals has shot up so much. I can’t tell you how many cases we get in our office where we have to call these companies and beg, you know, do you have some foundation where we can get a few more pills from Lilly or a few more pills from this com-pany or that company in order to help people in our district. It shouldn’t be our job to turn into a medical dispensary because the system isn’t working. There ought to be a way to take care of this. Mr. GARAMENDI. As we look at this issue, this conversation puts before us and the American people really two paths to travel. The President-elect re-cently said: We’re going to repeal ObamaCare, and it’ll be great. And our Republican colleagues have bought into that and are now processing legis-lation to do that. The discussion today from my two colleagues here indicates another path, and that is, make it better. Make the Affordable Care Act better. The drug issue, there is no reason in the world that the pharmaceutical companies should be prevented from price com-petition. They are. It is the law of the land that prevents the government and other purchasers—the government from negotiating prices. That is a law that can be changed. There are many things that we could do to improve the health care of Amer-ica. But two paths: one, working to-gether to improve the Affordable Care Act and Medicare and Medicaid, and the Veterans Administration, the pro-grams that provide the health care and the insurance for Americans; or an-other one, a path that is going to be ex-traordinarily destructive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.109 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH296 January 10, 2017 
The repeal of the Affordable Care Act, which is already underway in the Senate and will soon be over here in the House, promises Americans not just the 30 million that have insurance but all Americans with a very serious health problem in the future. Final comments, and then we will be out of time. Mr. TONKO. Just a quick comment. We have talked about much here this evening. I joined you a bit after you started. I don’t know if you mentioned the hospital situation. Mr. GARAMENDI. Very briefly. Mr. TONKO. But representing a num-ber of hospitals, from stand-alone clin-ics to some very specific specialty type of health centers, they are all con-cerned about the impact of repeal. And certainly, being a major employer, if not the major employer in some of my counties, as you reduce that care, you are reducing the workforce. So now we are creating another impact, and it is why the ripple effect of repeal is so strong and devastating, and will raise our deficit. Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank the gen-tlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) for joining us. I can assure you, we will be back. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia (at the re-quest of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and Jan-uary 11 on account of traveling to see the President’s farewell address. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, January 11, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
127. A letter from the Supervisory Regu-latory Analyst, GIPSA, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Fees for Official Inspection and Offi-cial Weighting Services Under the United States Grain Standards Act (USGSA) re-ceived January 6, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 128. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Division of Consumer and Community Affairs, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s joint final rule — Community Reinvestment Act Regulations [Regulation BB; Docket No.: R-1554] (RIN: 7100-AE64) received January 6, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 129. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s joint final rules — Expanded Examina-tion Cycle for Certain Small Insured Deposi-tory Institutions and U.S. Branches and Agencies of Foreign Banks (RIN: 3064-AE42) received January 6, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 130. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Edu-cation, transmitting the Department’s final regulations- Assistance to States for the Education of Children with Disabilities; Pre-school Grants for Children with Disabilities [Docket ID: ED-2015-OSERS-0132] (RIN: 1820- AB73) received January 6, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 131. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Central Air Conditioners and Heat Pumps [Docket No.: EERE-2016-BT-TP- 0029] (RIN: 1904-AD71) received January 6, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 132. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Geor-gia; Atlanta; Requirements for the 2008 8- Hour Ozone Standard [EPA-R04-OAR-2015- 0248; FRL-9957-89-Region 4] received January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 133. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Min-nesota; Sulfur Dioxide; Particulate Matter [EPA-R05-OAR-2015-0842; FRL-9958-15-Region 5] received January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 134. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ne-vada, Lake Tahoe; Second 10-Year Carbon Monoxide Limited Maintenance Plan [EPA- R09-OAR-2015-0399; FRL-9958-11-Region 9] re-ceived January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 135. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions, Ventura County Air Pollution Control District; Prevention of Significant Deterioration [EPA-R09-OAR-2016-0305; FRL- 9956-52-Region 9] received January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 136. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Illinois: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Pro-gram Revision [EPA-R05-RCRA-2015-0555; FRL-9958-05-Region 5] received January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 137. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — State of Iowa; Approval and Pro-mulgation of the Title V Operating Permits Program, the State Implementation Plan, and 112(1) Plan [EPA-R07-OAR-2016-0453; FRL-9957-84-Region 7] received January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 138. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Accidental Release Prevention Requirements: Risk Management Programs under the Clean Air Act [EPA-HQ-OEM-2015- 0725; FRL-9954-46-OLEM] (RIN: 2050-AG82) re-ceived January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 139. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalty Infla-tion Adjustment Rule [FRL-9958-06-OECA] received January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 140. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s final rule — Rules of Practice and Pro-cedure (RIN: 3064-AE52) received January 6, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 141. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Transaction of Interest —— Section 831(b) Micro-Captive Transactions [Notice 2017-08] received January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 142. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Updated FFI Agreement (Rev. Proc. 2017-16) received January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 143. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Rulings and determination letters (Rev. Proc.2017-3) received January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 144. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Rulings and determination letters (Rev. Proc. 2017-5) received January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 145. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Internal Revenue Bulletin: 2017-1 (Rev. Proc. 2017-4) received January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 146. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Qualified Intermediary Agreement (Rev. Proc. 2017-15) received January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10JA7.111 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H297 January 10, 2017 
147. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s removal of temporary regulations; final regulations; and temporary regulations — Regulations Regarding Withholding of Tax on Certain U.S. Source Income Paid to Foreign Persons, Information Reporting and Backup With-holding on Payments Made to Certain U.S. Persons, and Portfolio Interest Treatment [TD 9808] (RIN: 1545-BL17] (RIN: 1545-BN74) received January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 148. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s removal of temporary regulations; final regulations; temporary regulations — Regulations Relat-ing to Information Reporting by Foreign Fi-nancial Institutions and Withholding on Cer-tain Payments to Foreign Financial Institu-tions and Other Foreign Entities [TD 9809] (RIN: 1545-BL72) (RIN: 1545-BN79) received January 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 40. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 78) to im-prove the consideration by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the costs and benefits of its regulations and orders; pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 238) to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trad-ing Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to ensure transparency and accountability at the Com-mission, to help farmers, ranchers, and end- users manage risk, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes; and for other purposes (Rept. 115–3). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. SHEA-PORTER: H.R. 388. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that veterans in each of the 48 contiguous States are able to re-ceive services in at least one full-service hos-pital of the Veterans Health Administration in the State or receive comparable services provided by contract in the State; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for him-self, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska): H.R. 389. A bill to amend the Federal Cred-it Union Act to exclude a loan secured by a non-owner occupied 1- to 4-family dwelling from the definition of a member business loan, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. TROTT , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, and Mrs. C OMSTOCK ): H.R. 390. A bill to provide for emergency relief to victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, to provide accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. H
UDSON ): H.R. 391. A bill to modify the treatment of unaccompanied alien children who are in Federal custody by reason of their immigra-tion status, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mrs. L OVE, Ms. M ENG, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mr. T
AKANO , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. W
ALZ, and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): H.R. 392. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the per- country numerical limitation for employ-ment-based immigrants, to increase the per- country numerical limitation for family- sponsored immigrants, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 393. A bill to provide for an exception to a limitation against appointment of per-sons as Secretary of Defense within seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commissioned officer of the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 394. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the amendments made by the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act which disqualify expenses for over-the-counter drugs under health savings accounts and health flexible spending ar-rangements; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. LOVE (for herself, Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. B UCK, Mr. B
LUM, Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-lina, Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. B
RAT, Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. E MMER , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. W EBSTER of Flor-ida, and Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama): H.R. 395. A bill to end the practice of in-cluding more than one subject in a single bill by requiring that each bill enacted by Con-gress be limited to only one subject, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 396. A bill to prohibit the award of a contract or grant in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold to a potential con-tractor or grant applicant with a seriously delinquent tax debt, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that individuals hav-ing seriously delinquent tax debts shall be ineligible for Federal employment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 397. A bill to require Members of Con-gress to disclose delinquent tax liability and to require an ethics inquiry into, and the garnishment of the wages of, a Member with Federal tax liability; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Ms. JUDY C
HU of California, Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE): H.R. 398. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, with respect to civil forfeitures relating to certain seized animals; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , and Mr. H UFFMAN ): H.R. 399. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand the denial of de-duction for certain excessive employee remu-neration, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B ABIN, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. B RAT, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-bama, Mr. B
UCK, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. F
LORES , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. G RAVES  of Missouri, Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. S AM J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. J ONES , Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. L ONG, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. O
LSON , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Caro-lina, Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. C
OMER ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10JA7.000 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH298 January 10, 2017 
H.R. 400. A bill to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal officials to protect our communities from violent criminals and suspected terror-ists who are illegally present in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. CHENEY: H.R. 401. A bill to designate the mountain at the Devils Tower National Monument, Wyoming, as Devils Tower, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. E VANS , and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER ): H.R. 402. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to require the inclusion of credit scores with free annual credit reports provided to consumers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. FARENTHOLD: H.R. 403. A bill to limit the construction or alterations of wind turbines near a military airbase or military airfield; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. FLEISCHMANN: H.R. 404. A bill to ensure the functionality and security of new Federal websites that collect personally identifiable information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia: H.R. 405. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide additional new markets tax credits for distressed coal com-munities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. B YRNE ): H.R. 406. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to facilitate the replacement of military decorations for relatives of de-ceased members of the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. I SSA, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. M AR-
SHALL , and Mr. H ULTGREN ): H.R. 407. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a deduction for premiums for insurance which constitutes medical care; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. W EB-
STER of Florida, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. S
TEWART ): H.R. 408. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand health savings accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 409. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to sunset certain pen-alties relating to meaningful electronic health records use by Medicare eligible pro-fessionals and hospitals, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 410. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to exclude coverage of advance care planning services under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mr. ABRAHAM , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. C ARTER  of Georgia, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C OLE, Ms. P
INGREE , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. R USH, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. H
IMES): H.R. 411. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a review of the deaths of certain veterans who died by sui-cide, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 412. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require the provision of legal assistance to junior enlisted personnel of the Armed Forces and their dependents in con-nection with their personal civil legal af-fairs; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 413. A bill to establish an Early Fed-eral Pell Grant Commitment Program; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 414. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to allow an individual to qualify for both teacher loan forgiveness and public service loan forgiveness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 415. A bill to amend GEAR UP to re-quire that schools receiving funding under the program provide students with access to academic and mental health counseling serv-ices, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 416. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to strengthen accountability of authorized pub-lic chartering agencies and reduce charter school authorizing misconduct; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 417. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to require the improvement of consumer confidence reports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 418. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a pilot program to improve access to supportive services and community coordination for families of dis-abled veterans; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 419. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for manufacturing job training expenses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 420. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently increase the limitations on the deduction for start-up and organizational expenditures; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. LOVE (for herself, Mrs. COM-
STOCK , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. K
INZINGER ): H.R. 421. A bill to allow women greater ac-cess to safe and effective contraception; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK (for himself, Ms. F
OXX, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-zona, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. S
ANFORD , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. E
MMER , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia): H.R. 422. A bill to ensure the payment of interest and principal of the debt of the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. B
ARTON , and Mr. L
ANCE ): H.R. 423. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on provision of misleading or in-accurate caller identification information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PETERSON (for himself, Mr. D
UFFY , Ms. C HENEY , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. E
MMER , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. K IND, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , and Mr. B ERGMAN ): H.R. 424. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to reissue final rules relating to listing of the gray wolf in the Western Great Lakes and Wyoming under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. K
EATING ): H.R. 425. A bill to authorize the revocation or denial of passports to individuals affili-ated with foreign terrorist organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. B RADY  of Texas, Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. M
OOLENAAR ): H.R. 426. A bill to prohibit any regulation, rule, guidance, recommendation, or policy issued after May 15, 2015, that limits the sale or donation of excess property of the Federal Government to State and local agencies for law enforcement activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10JA7.100 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H299 January 10, 2017 
By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 427. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the expansion, in-tensification, and coordination of the pro-grams and activities of the National Insti-tutes of Health with respect to Tourette syn-drome; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. THORNBERRY (for himself and Mr. C
OLE): H.R. 428. A bill to survey the gradient boundary along the Red River in the States of Oklahoma and Texas, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. WITTMAN: H.R. 429. A bill to provide that the salaries of Members of a House of Congress will be held in escrow if that House has not agreed to a concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018 by April 15, 2017; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. A
BRA-
HAM, Mr. H ILL, and Mr. G OHMERT ): H.R. 430. A bill to modify authorities that provide for rescission of determinations of countries as state sponsors of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Ms. J
ACK-
SONLEE, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. L EE, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. S OTO, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. P INGREE , and Ms. S
A´NCHEZ ): H.J. Res. 26. A joint resolution denying Congressional consent for President Donald J. Trump to accept any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign state through-out the tenure of his Presidency; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H. Res. 36. A resolution electing Members to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H. Res. 37. A resolution providing for the attendance of the House at the Inaugural Ceremonies of the President and Vice Presi-dent of the United States; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H. Res. 38. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that offices attached to the seat of Government should not be required to exercise their of-fices in the District of Columbia; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CROWLEY: H. Res. 39. A resolution electing a Member to a certain standing Committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H. Res. 41. A resolution supporting a uni-form adoption process for foster youth; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. MARINO , and Mr. K ILMER ): H. Res. 42. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to pro-vide for the consideration of reported bills or joint resolutions that have not been consid-ered by the House within 60 calendar days; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. WITTMAN: H. Res. 43. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to pro-hibit the consideration of a concurrent reso-lution to provide for a recess of the House after July 31 of any year unless the House has approved each regular appropriation bill for the next fiscal year; to the Committee on Rules. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. SHEA-PORTER: H.R. 388. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence[note l]and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;... By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 389. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution to regulate commerce. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 390. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 391. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 4 and 18 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 392. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 4 and 18 to the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 393. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘to pro-vide for the common Defence’’, ‘‘to raise and support Armies’’, ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy’’ and ‘‘to make Rules for the Govern-ment and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ as enumerated in Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 394. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article I, Section 9: No Money shall be drawn from the Treas-ury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 395. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (a) Section 8, Clause 1 of Article I of the Constitution; and (b) Section 8, Clause 3 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 396. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 397. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 398. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution (relating to the general welfare of the United States). Article I, Section 8, Clause 9 of the Con-stitution of the United States; the power to constitute Tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court. By Mr. DOGGETT: H.R. 399. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 400. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution which grants Congress the authority to establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States. By Ms. CHENEY: H.R. 401. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States;’’ By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 402. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate foreign and interstate commerce) of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. FARENTHOLD: H.R. 403. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. FLEISCHMANN: H.R. 404. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia: H.R. 405. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8—Commerce Clause and Taxing and Spending Clause 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10JA7.100 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH300 January 10, 2017 
By Mr. KIND: H.R. 406. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8, Clause 16. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 407. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 408. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 409. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 410. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 411. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 412. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 413. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3—The Congress shall have Power To.. regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes; By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 414. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3—The Congress shall have Power To . . regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes; By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 415. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3—The Congress shall have Power To . . regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes; By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 416. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3—The Congress shall have Power To . . regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes; By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 417. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 418. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 419. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1—The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States ....  By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 420. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1—The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States....  By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 421. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional authority in which this bill rests is in the power of the Congress To regulate Commerce as enumerated by Arti-cle 1, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion as applied to providing for the general Welfare of the United States through the ad-ministration of the Federal Drug Adminis-tration, and in the power of Congress To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States as enumerated by Article 1, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK: H.R. 422. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 2 of the United States Constitution, which confer on Congress the power to collect and manage revenue for the payment of debts owed by the United States and to borrow money on the credit of the United States. Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; To borrow Money on the credit of the United States;’’ By Ms. MENG: H.R. 423. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. PETERSON: H.R. 424. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 425. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 10, 11, and 15 By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 426. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 427. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of the rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in artle I, section 8 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 428. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 and Article IV, Section 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WITTMAN: H.R. 429. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 6 of the United States Constitution By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 430. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Ms. KAPTUR: H.J. Res. 26. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 5: Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. R
OKITA , and Mr. H ARRIS . H.R. 25: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 36: Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. B OST, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. K ELLY of Mis- sissippi, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. O
LSON , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. J ONES , Mr. D
AVIDSON , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. G RIF-
FITH, Mr. G OSAR , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. G OHMERT , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Ms. F
OXX, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. F
LORES , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER . H.R. 37: Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. B
OST, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. J OHN-
SON of Ohio, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. O LSON , Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. J ONES , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. A DER-
HOLT , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. G OHMERT , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. G OOD-
LATTE , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. F LORES , Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia, Mr. M OONEY of West Vir- ginia, and Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 38: Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. F RANCIS  R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. B UDD, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. W ILSON  of South Carolina, Mr. C
ARTER of Texas, and Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 51: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida and Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 52: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.043 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H301 January 10, 2017 
H.R. 76: Mr. G OWDY , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. D ENHAM , and Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 78: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 83: Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala- bama, and Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 146: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 147: Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. O LSON , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. R
OUZER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. G
OHMERT , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. F LORES , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia, Mr. M OONEY of West Vir- ginia, and Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 175: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 184: Ms. D
ELBENEand Mr. B UDD. H.R. 193: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 244: Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 255: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Ms. L EE, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 257: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , and Mr. M OOLENAAR . H.R. 258: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 274: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 277: Mr. W
ITTMAN and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 285: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 288: Mr. K
NIGHT and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 299: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. B YRNE , Ms. B
EUTLER , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. C
RAMER , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. C ARTER  of Georgia, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. W ALBERG , Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Ms. P IN-
GREE , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 305: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.R. 308: Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 312: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 331: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 332: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G
RIJALVA , and Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . H.R. 334: Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 352: Mr. B
IGGS and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . H.R. 355: Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. C OLE, Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. L ONG, Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 356: Mr. SCHRADER and Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia. H.R. 357: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 358: Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 365: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 369: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 371: Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. R USH. H.J. Res. 1: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. G OWDY , and Mr. B
ACON . H.J. Res. 2: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. G OWDY , and Mr. B
ACON . H.J. Res. 6: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.J. Res. 11: Mr. B
OST. H.J. Res. 14: Mr. G
AETZ . H. Con. Res. 5: Ms. S
LAUGHTER and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H. Res. 23: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. R USH, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia, Mr. E
VANS , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. O’R
OURKE . H. Res. 28: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas and Mr. N
OLAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA7.038 H10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S181 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 2017 No. 6 
Senate 
The Senate met at 12 noon and was called to order by the Honorable T
ED C
RUZ, a Senator from the State of Texas. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, our hope for years to come, we worship You. Your Name is great, and we offer You our adoration and praise. Bless our Senators. Open their eyes so that they can discern Your involve-ment in human affairs. Prepare their hearts and minds for today’s chal-lenges, inspiring them to conduct themselves with courtesy and honor. Keep their motives pure, their words true, and their actions constructive. Almighty God, we acknowledge that our lives are in Your hands. So please keep our feet from stumbling. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, January 10, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable TEDCRUZ, a Senator from the State of Texas, to perform the du-ties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. CRUZ thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
CABINET NOMINATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, Senate committees have been working for many weeks to process President- Elect Trump’s Cabinet nominations. I commend the committees and their staffs for their very hard work. Now we begin the next phase of this process with committee hearings. In fact, it just began this morning in the Senate Judiciary Committee. I would like to say a word about our colleague from Alabama. Each of us knows Senator S
ESSIONS . We have worked with him. We know he cares about his country and the Department he will be tasked to lead. We know he is a forthright colleague, an experi-enced lawyer, and someone who be-lieves strongly in the rule of law. We know that he will reach across the aisle as well. He supported President Obama’s first Attorney General nominee, Eric Hold-er. He worked with our late colleague Ted Kennedy on prison reform. He worked with our current colleague Sen-ator D
URBIN on sentencing reform. Senator D
URBIN , in fact, noted that Senator S
ESSIONS is ‘‘a man of his word.’’ Senator L
EAHY called him ‘‘wonderful to work with.’’ Senator S
CHUMER , the Democratic leader, said he is ‘‘straightforward and fair.’’ Let me quote from a former Demo-cratic Senate colleague who knows Senator SESSIONS after having served with him for 16 years: 
I always found J EFFto be an honorable and trustworthy person, a smart and good law-yer, and a thoughtful and open-minded lis-tener. 
He then continued with this: 
I believe that he will be a principled, fair, and capable Attorney General. If I was in the Senate today, I would vote ‘‘aye’’ on his nomination. 
That is the former Democratic can-didate for Vice President of the United States, Senator Joe Lieberman. But it is not just our Democratic col-leagues who have praise for Senator S
ESSIONS . Let me read another letter from one of Senator S
ESSIONS ’ con-stituents in Alabama, Albert F. Tur-ner, Jr. Here is what he had to say: 
My family and I have literally been on the front line of the fight for civil rights my whole life. I believe that [Senator S
ESSIONS ] is someone with whom I, and others in the civil rights community, can work with if given the opportunity. I believe that he will listen, as he has in the past, to the concerns of my community. More than most I am very familiar with him. I believe he will be fair in his application of the law and the Constitu-tion; as such I support his nomination to be the next Attorney General of the United States. 
Now, a lot of unfair things have been said about our colleague from Alabama in recent weeks. I am glad he is finally getting the chance to show Americans and the committee the Senator S
ES-
SIONS we all know and serve with. I look forward to the Senate’s fair treat-ment of our colleague’s forthcoming nomination, just as it fairly processed an incoming President Obama’s pick for Attorney General—a nominee, whom, as I noted, Senator S
ESSIONS  supported. So let me turn to a larger point. The nominations process for an incoming President is important. As President Obama recently said when he met with President-Elect Trump, the Presidency ‘‘is bigger than any one person, and that’s why ensuring a smooth transi-tion is so important.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.000 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES182 January 10, 2017 
I certainly agree. When President Obama was elected, Republicans worked across the aisle to confirm seven—seven—of his nominees on inau-guration day and five more by the end of his first week. These nominees were hardly centrists. We had reservations about many of them. But Democrats had won the Presidency and the Sen-ate, and we hadn’t. I ask our friends across the aisle to now demonstrate the same courtesy and seriousness for President-Elect Trump’s nominees, es-pecially his national security team. The Senate has a longstanding tradi-tion of confirming the Cabinet nomi-nees of a newly elected administration in a timely fashion, and the Senate and its committees are now following the same standard for President-Elect Trump and his nominees as we have for past Presidents. I know some are urging Democrats to play partisan games and needless delay. I hope they will not. The Amer-ican people will see through it, any-way. Here is a perfect example. The Demo-cratic leader has been quoting a letter I sent to then-Senator Harry Reid in 2009. He apparently missed the fact that the letter he has been quoting was not only sent after every one of Presi-dent Obama’s eligible nominees had hearings but after all but one had been confirmed. So it is actually an impor-tant reminder of how Republicans fair-ly treated incoming President Obama’s Cabinet nominees and how Democrats should now do the same. This is time for serious consideration and cooperation. Americans aren’t looking for partisan games. We are a nation at war. We are a nation grap-pling with a slow economy. Americans want the incoming President to have his national and economic security teams in place to get to work. They want us to work together across the aisle to get this done. That is what Republicans did in 2009, it is what we are doing now, and it is what we invite our Democratic friends to join us in getting accomplished. 
f 
OBAMACARE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, families across the country have been hurt by ObamaCare’s rising costs and limited choices, and we continue to hear the stories from constituents back home. My own home State of Kentucky was once championed as a success story by ObamaCare supporters. That is hardly the case today. Too many Kentuckians are watching their insurance premiums grow higher and higher. They are struggling to meet deductibles so high that their insurance is almost useless. They are watching their friends and neighbors lose their plans or access to family doctors. They sit around the kitchen table and try to budget for their family’s future. They know one thing for sure: The promises of ObamaCare have failed them. ObamaCare promised lower costs, but premiums have skyrocketed. It prom-ised families could keep their plans or doctors, but many have seen their op-tions, in fact, limited. Kentuckians want to see lower costs, more choices, and better care. But after 7 long years of rising costs and diminishing options, ObamaCare has not delivered, and the people of Kentucky are demanding change. They have been loud and clear in their distaste for ObamaCare. Like other Members here, I have re-ceived letters, emails, and phone calls. I have met with constituents directly who are feeling the pain of higher costs and fewer choices. Consider this mom in Kentucky. She is facing a higher cost of health insur-ance, and she literally doesn’t know what to do. Here is what she said: My family is being pushed out of the mid-dle class by the ObamaCare law. How can we pay almost $1,200 a month on health insur-ance? 
Listen to this veteran and father from Louisville. After his plan was dis-continued, he tried to buy insurance through ObamaCare, only to find that his children’s pediatrician wouldn’t ac-cept it. This dad worries that unless something is done, he will be ‘‘one of thousands of Kentuckians that will find that they do not have insurance options.’’ I have heard from many constituents expressing similar frustration, dis-appointment, and anger about the out-comes of ObamaCare. They expected the law to deliver on its promises, but, instead, they paid more and received less. This year the cost of insurance pre-miums in Kentucky spiked up to 47 percent. These price increases are a di-rect result of instability injected into the market by ObamaCare. Families across Kentucky are scrambling to find ways to fit the extra expenses into their budgets. To make matters worse, the choices that families once had for health insur-ance continue to disappear. Nearly half of the counties in Kentucky only have one option for a health insurance pro-vider on the exchange, and, when there is only one choice, there is really no choice at all. For the people of Kentucky and for people across the country, repeal means relief. The time to act is now. However, our friends on the other side of the aisle are doing everything they can to stop us from fulfilling our promise to help the American people. Instead of continuing to push their po-litical agenda, I urge them to help us. I ask them to listen to the American people, who are demanding change. A recent Gallup poll showed that 8 out of 10 Americans wanted to see ObamaCare significantly changed—significantly changed—or completely replaced. It is time to admit it. ObamaCare has failed. This partisan experiment is hurting more than it is helping. It is time to finally move past it and re-place it with something that works. The repeal resolution is the first step to bring relief to hardworking Ameri-cans and to prevent health insurance markets from imploding. Next, we need to work together to replace ObamaCare with health care policies that actually work for families. Once we repeal ObamaCare, we can use the stable tran-sition period to deliver on another promise. I would encourage colleagues on both sides to offer their input as we work to lower costs, increase choices, and pro-mote better care. But one thing is cer-tain. Republicans will continue to fol-low through on our promises and act on behalf of our constituents to bring re-lief from ObamaCare. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
CABINET NOMINATIONS Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, as hearings for the President-elect’s nominees get underway starting today, I want to reiterate that a fair and thor-ough vetting process is a top priority, not only for my caucus but for the American people. Chief to achieving that is a fair hear-ing schedule and process. First, it means hearings that are sufficiently spaced out so Members who sit on mul-tiple committees can actually attend all the hearings. It means only holding hearings after the full committee pa-perwork—OGE review, FBI background check, and a full divestment plan—has been received and Senators have ade-quate time to review the information. That means, if there are Senators with remaining questions that weren’t cov-ered in a first hearing, they can have the nominee come back for a second day. Our caucus and much of America was alarmed and disappointed by the an-nouncements of the hearing schedule this week, which did not meet these basic courtesies and best practices that have always been extended in the past. However, I am happy to say that after negotiating with my friend the major-ity leader and his respective com-mittee chairs, we have been able to make some progress on a fair hearing process. I appreciate the majority leader’s openness and efforts to accommodate our caucus in the last few days. Origi-nally there were six hearings scheduled for this Wednesday, all especially im-portant Cabinet posts: State, Attorney General, Education, Transportation, Homeland Security, CIA. That was largely unprecedented. We have looked back in history and can only find one instance where there were that many hearings of important Cabinet mem-bers on one day like that. After negotiations with the majority leader, we have moved things around so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.001 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S183 January 10, 2017 
that there are now only three hearings scheduled for Wednesday: Secretary of State, Transportation, and the second day of the AG hearings. All of these nominees have their paperwork in. The nominee for Secretary of Education, who does not yet have a signed ethics agreement and whose paperwork is not close to complete, was moved. That hearing will take place next week, pending her paperwork being submitted with time for Senators to review. It is still a busy week. It is a little too busy for my personal taste, but it is a good first step. I hope we can con-tinue to negotiate in good faith, to sort out the schedule in a way that is ac-ceptable to both of our caucuses. I also want to make clear that this progress does not mean our caucus is any less intent on having the Presi-dent-elect’s nominees complete the standard ethics forms, questionnaires, and FBI background checks required of every nominee. To have all this infor-mation come in after the hearing is sort of like ‘‘Alice in Wonderland’’—it makes no sense and has things upside down. I am still concerned, for exam-ple, that we don’t have a completed FBI background check for the nominee for Secretary of State. His hearing starts tomorrow. And today there are reports in the media that under Rex Tillerson’s leadership, Exxon con-ducted business with Iran, potentially in violation of U.S. sanctions law. There are serious questions that need to be answered. In this particular case, Mr. Tillerson should release all his tax returns and promise to answer any questions on the Iran dealings that members ask. This is too serious a subject to have ques-tions ducked. It demands a completely open airing of all relevant information. Did Mr. Tillerson go around our Iran sanctions simply to line Exxon’s pock-ets? That would be a very bad thing. The American people ought to know about it before the Senate has to vote to confirm. For Rex Tillerson to an-swer the questions, and particularly questions about Exxon setting up a separate subsidiary to get around our Iran sanctions, is what the Founding Fathers wanted us to do when they enumerated in the advise and consent process. This is not a partisan game. We are not doing this for sport. These aren’t obscure procedural complaints. This is standard process. As I reminded my friend the majority leader yesterday, this is the same exact process my coun-terpart demanded in 2009 when the shoe was on the other foot. Just as then-Mi-nority Leader M
CCONNELL laid out in his 2009 letter to then-Majority Leader Reid, Democrats expect each nominee to have all the prerequisites, with time to review, before we move forward with the hearings. President Obama’s nomi-nees completed all of their paperwork in 2009 before the hearings. We expect nothing less from President-Elect Trump’s nominees. Particularly, we ex-pect the paperwork to be all in with time to review. Having the paperwork in at 7 a.m. and holding a hearing at 10 a.m. is unacceptable. We expect there will be adequate time for followup questions on a second day of hearings if Senators are unable to finish their questions. Today my colleague the majority leader said: Well, most of the Cabinet nominees were in already when this letter came out. But the letter doesn’t specify who. It includes Cabinet mem-bers, and there were future Cabinet members who would come forward. It is a good standard. We are all for it. We are asking our friends on the other side of the aisle to stick with it. What was good for them in 2009 is good for the country in 2017. We are insistent on the process be-cause it is the right thing to do; it is the American thing to do. We don’t hide nominees and rush them through. They have huge power. If the Presi-dent-elect and our Republican col-leagues are as proud of the nominees as they state, then they should be happy to have them answer a lot of questions in a hearing that is not rushed. It is how we will ensure that Cabinet offi-cials, who are imbued with an immense power in our government, are ethically and substantively qualified for these positions. If there is any group of Cabinet nomi-nees that cries out for this process, it is this group of nominees. This pro-posed Cabinet is unlike any other. It is wealthier than any other. It has com-plex webs of corporate connections—so many of the nominees—that pose huge potential conflict of interest problems. Frankly, it is the most hard-right Cab-inet in its ideology. It is quite different from the way President-Elect Trump campaigned. The potential conflicts of interest for multimillionaires such as Rex Tillerson or Betsy DeVos or Steve Mnuchin are enormous. As I said, the nominees have views far to the right of what the President campaigned on. The most glaring ex-ample is Representative PRICE. His whole career has been focused on end-ing Medicare as we know it. My col-league the majority leader said the American people want us to move for-ward and give President-Elect Trump his nominees. If they knew that one of the nominees had been dedicated to ba-sically getting rid of Medicare, would they want us to vote for him? I will bet not. It sure explains why they want to rush these nominees through. They don’t want all of these things brought to light, but that is the wrong thing to do. We are going to fight to get to the right thing to do. The Amer-ican people have a right to know if they voted for a President who might be going back on one of his key cam-paign promises. They deserve nothing less than open and deliberate hearings going forward. Will Representative P
RICE stick with what President-Elect Trump said—no cuts to Medicare, Med-icaid—or will he pursue his lifelong dream of privatizing and limiting them? We shall see, but we need an-swers at hearings before we vote. The American people are entitled to it. Once again, I thank the majority leader for dealing in good faith and try-ing to address our concerns. I hope for the sake of the national interests that our two parties can come together on an agreement for the remainder of the process, as we have for the process so far. f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, last night the Senate Democrats held the floor late into the night to dem-onstrate our solidarity and commit-ment to defending ACA, to defending the tens of millions of Americans who have been afforded the opportunity to access care for the first time and the tens of millions more whose coverage is fairer, more generous, and more af-fordable because of the law. More than 35 Members participated on the floor or on Facebook Live, Snapchat, or Twitter. I thank each and every one of the Members on my side— the vast majority of our caucus—for participating. Many of them discussed the threat the Republican plan to make America sick again poses to the health care of 300 million Americans. Beyond that, the Republican budget resolution calls for a massive increase in the Federal debt. Yesterday Shaun Donovan, the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget, released a letter explaining that this budget resolution would allow publicly held debt to increase by $9.5 trillion, from $14.2 trillion in 2016 to $23.7 trillion in 2026. Our colleagues have talked about being deficit hawks. Democrats bring up ideas. They say: Can’t do it; it in-creases the deficit. Well, is that going to apply to this, which increases the deficit by massive amounts? The def-icit would exceed $1.3 trillion in 2026. That is almost as high as the $1.4 tril-lion at the depths of that recession and financial crisis President Obama had to meet. Are my colleagues now going to do a 180-degree reversal and say that now a debt increase of such dramatic numbers is OK? I hope not. It wouldn’t be right. It wouldn’t be fair. It wouldn’t be consistent. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a copy of Director Donovan’s letter. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESI-
DENT , O FFICE OF MANAGEMENT  
ANDBUDGET , Washington, DC, January 9, 2017. Hon. J
OHNA. Y ARMUTH , Ranking Member, House Budget Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ICHARD E. N EAL, Ranking Member, House Ways and Means Com-mittee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN YARMUTH AND CON-
GRESSMAN NEAL: I am writing in response to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.003 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES184 January 10, 2017 
your letter requesting OMB’s analysis of the Republican budget resolution and its impact on the budget outlook. On January 3, 2017, Republicans in the Sen-ate Budget Committee introduced an FY 2017 budget resolution. Based on the numbers provided in the resolution, the Republican budget includes virtually no deficit reduc-tion and would allow debt held by the public to increase by roughly $9.5 trillion, from $14.2 trillion in 2016 to $23.7 trillion in 2026. After a sustained period of historically fast deficit reduction under the President’s lead-ership, the Republican budget would allow for a relatively steady increase in annual deficits, with the annual on-budget deficit increasing to over $1 trillion by 2026. Assuming that Republicans will not make cuts to off-budget programs like Social Secu-rity, unified annual deficits will be even larger: growing to over $1 trillion by 2022 and reaching more than $1.3 trillion by 2026. Comparisons of debt and deficit totals over time are best viewed as a share of the econ-omy. Based on the Congressional Budget Of-fice’s most recent economic projections, it is clear that the Republican budget would fail the key fiscal test of stabilizing debt as a share of the economy. 
REPUBLICAN BUDGET RESOLUTION AND CBO ESTIMATES OF THE PRESIDENT’S 2017 BUDGET 
(On-Budget Deficits, Unified Budget Deficits, and Debt Held by the Public, Billions of Dollars) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 
On-Budget Deficits: Resolution ..................................................................................................................... ......................................¥$583 ¥$542 ¥$674 ¥$729 ¥$785 ¥$897 ¥$893 ¥$863 ¥$946 ¥$1,009 PB17 ........................................................................................................................... ......................................... ¥447 ¥386 ¥500 ¥536 ¥566 ¥671 ¥665 ¥614 ¥669 ¥675 Unified Budget Deficits: Resolutions .................................................................................................................... ......................................¥571 ¥548 ¥710 ¥798 ¥891 ¥1,043 ¥1,080 ¥1,094 ¥1,226 ¥1,341 PB17 ........................................................................................................................... ......................................... ¥433 ¥383 ¥518 ¥585 ¥651 ¥791 ¥826 ¥813 ¥917 ¥972 Debt Held by the Public: Resolution ..................................................................................................................... ...................................... 14,593 15,199 15,955 16,792 17,714 18,787 19,901 21,033 22,302 23,692 PB17 ........................................................................................................................... ......................................... 14,454 14,906 15,484 16,121 16,818 17,656 18,532 19,402 20,379 21,417 Difference ..................................................................................................................... .................................. ................ ................ ................ ................ ................ ............. ... ................ ................ ................ 2,275 
Sources: http://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/S.Con.Res.RepealResolution.pdf, pp. 5–6; https://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/ files/114th-congress-2015-2016/reports/51383-APB.pdf, Table 2; Resolution unified deficits derived using off-budget deficits from https://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/114th-congress-2015-2016/reports/51384-marchbaseline.pdf, tabl e 1 
Compared to the President’s Budget, which drives down deficits as a share of the econ-omy and maintains our fiscal progress through smart savings from health care, im-migration, and tax reforms while making critical investments in economic growth and opportunity, the Republican Budget would lead to significantly larger deficits in each year and add more than $2 trillion in debt over the next decade. Notably, the budget resolution also con-tains exceptions to existing Congressional budget rules that seem targeted towards making it easier to pass legislation that would further increase deficits. Sincerely, S
HAUN DONOVAN , Director. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, many of my Republican colleagues like to claim they care about the deficit. Dur-ing President Obama’s administration, there was an obsession over deficit and debt reduction—and, by the way, no praise for the President for reducing the deficit by a dramatic amount. Now many of those same Members who chastised President Obama for much smaller deficits than proposed in their budget are supporting this budget reso-lution. I wish to say to my colleagues, you can’t claim to be a fiscal hawk and sup-port a budget that piles on trillions in additional debt. That is not being fis-cally conservative; it is being fiscally hypocritical in the extreme. So far, my friend Senator P
AUL of Kentucky has made this point forcefully. My question is, Will other Republicans stand with him and stand up against this fiscal hypocrisy? Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2017 The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of S. Con. Res. 3, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 3) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
Pending: 
Sanders amendment No. 19, relative to So-cial Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from South Dakota. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-cess from 1 p.m. to 2 p.m. for the week-ly conference meetings and the time in recess count equally against S. Con. Res. 3; further, that Senator S
ANDERS  or his designee control the time from 2 p.m. to 2:30 p.m.; and finally, that there be 2 minutes equally divided in the usual form prior to the vote on the Flake amendment. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, clari-fying that recent request, I ask unani-mous consent that the Senate recess from 1 p.m. to 2 p.m. for the weekly conference meetings but that that time not count against S. Con. Res. 3. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, the modified request is agreed to. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, last week the Senate began consideration of the ObamaCare repeal resolution, which is the first step in the process of repeal-ing the law. It is time for repeal. Seven years ago, ObamaCare was sold to the American people with a lot of promises. The law was going to reduce premiums for families. It was going to fix problems with our health care sys-tem without hurting anyone who was happy with their health coverage. If you like your health plan, you will be able to keep it, people all across this country were told over and over again. If you like your doctor, you will be able to keep your doctor—also a prom-ise and claim that was made over and over again. As everyone knows, every one of these promises was broken. Pre-miums for families have continued to rise. Millions of Americans lost health care plans that they liked. Americans regularly discovered that they couldn’t keep their doctors and that choice of replacement was often limited. These broken promises were just the tip of the iceberg. The law hasn’t just failed to live up to its promises, it is actively collapsing, and the status quo is unsustainable. Premiums on the ex-changes are soaring. Deductibles regu-larly run into the thousands of dollars. For 2017, the average deductible for a bronze-level ObamaCare plan is rising from $5,731 to $6,092. With deductibles like that, it is no wonder that some Americans can’t afford to actually use their ObamaCare insurance. I receive a lot of mail from constitu-ents in my State struggling to pay for their health care. One constituent con-tacted me to say: ‘‘My ObamaCare pre-mium went up from $1,080 per month to $1,775 per month,’’ a 64-percent in-crease, $21,300 a year for health insur-ance. Let me just repeat that, a 64-per-cent increase in premiums, $21,300 a year for health insurance. That is like paying another mortgage. That is a lot more than many people pay for their mortgage, and of course that is before any deductibles or other out-of-pocket costs are considered. Another constituent wrote to tell me, ‘‘Today I received a new premium notice from my ObamaCare insurance. My policy rate for myself, my wife and my teenage son has increased by 357 percent.’’ The problems on the exchanges aren’t limited to soaring costs, unfor-tunately. Insurers are pulling out of the exchanges right and left. Health care choices are rapidly dwindling. Narrow provider networks are the order of the day. One-third of American counties have just one choice of health insurer on their exchange. This is not the health care reform the American people were looking for. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.002 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S185 January 10, 2017 
So it is no surprise that a recent Gal-lup poll found that 80 percent of Ameri-cans want major changes to ObamaCare or want the law entirely repealed and replaced or that 74 per-cent of American voters ranked health care as a very important voting issue for them in the 2016 elections. ObamaCare has not fixed our Nation’s health care problems. It has made them worse. The American people de-serve better. Last week, the Senate started consid-ering the ObamaCare repeal resolution, and we are continuing that process this week. This resolution will provide us with the tools we need to repeal the law, and then committees will get to work on the actual repeal bills. Then we will work step-by-step to replace ObamaCare with real health care re-form that focuses on personalized, pa-tient-centered care. One massive problem with ObamaCare is the fact that it puts Washington in charge of health care decisions that should be made at a much lower level. The ObamaCare re-form the Republicans pass will focus on fixing this. We are going to move con-trol from Washington and give it back to States and the individuals. Health care issues don’t have one size-fits-all solutions. It is time to stop acting like they do. States should have the power to in-novate and embrace health care solu-tions that work for the individuals and the employers of their States. Individ-uals should be able to make health care decisions in consultation with their doctors, not with Washington, DC. An-other thing we are going to focus on is breaking down the ObamaCare barriers that have artificially restricted choice. As I said earlier, ObamaCare has de-faulted to a one-size-fits-all solution when it comes to health care, and that means that many Americans have found themselves paying for health care they don’t need or want. We need much more flexibility in insurance plans. A thriving health care system would offer a wide variety of choices that would allow Americans to pick a plan tailored to their needs, that would be a competitive system that gives people in this country more choices, and inevitably what happens in those circumstances, that pushes the cost down. We also need to give Americans the tools to better manage their health care and control costs. Of course, any reform plan has to make sure small businesses have the tools they need to provide the employees with affordable health coverage. ObamaCare has placed huge burdens on small businesses that have made it difficult for them to thrive and even to survive. It is time to lift these burdens and free up these businesses to grow and create jobs. Our health care system wasn’t per-fect before ObamaCare. We all ac-knowledge that, but ObamaCare was not the answer. Instead of fixing the problems in our health care system, it just made things worse. Republicans are ready to implement the kind of health care reform the American peo-ple are looking for: more affordable, more personal, more flexible health care coverage that meets their needs and is less bureaucratic. The American people are ready for health care reform that actually works, and that is exactly what Repub-licans are going to give them starting right now. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I would like to congratulate my col-league from South Dakota for his com-ments. I am hearing the same thing in Wyoming that he has been hearing about the ObamaCare health care law and the impact on people in his State. I am hearing the same thing. I heard it this past weekend in Wyoming talking to people about what impact ObamaCare has had on their lives. It is very interesting because people all around the State of Wyoming are talking about the fact that their costs have gone up and choices have gone down. Many who had insurance that worked for them lost that insurance all related to a law passed in the House and the Senate and signed into law by President Obama. Tonight, in Chicago, President Obama is going to give a farewell ad-dress. I am assuming he will talk about ObamaCare, and I am assuming he paints a very different picture than the American people have seen and are liv-ing with. The President is using scare tactics about what Republicans plan to do. No matter what President Obama wants, the American people have spo-ken. They have voted, and 8 out of 10 people say that what this costly and complicated health care law has done to them, they would like to see it ei-ther significantly changed or repealed and replaced. They know better than to believe what the Democrats are con-tinuing to tell them because they have been living with it every day. Seven years ago, Democrats made one false claim after another when they were trying to sell this law to the American people. Democrats said: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. They said: If you liked your health care plan, you could keep your health care plan. That one was la-beled the Lie of the Year a few years ago. They said premiums for the aver-age family would go down by $2,500. None of it was true. Now Democrats are out telling more tales about ObamaCare. All of these new stories are going to be just as false as the ones they told us all in the past. For one thing, Democrats have been saying that millions of Americans are going to lose their health insurance if we repeal the ObamaCare health care law. In a letter just last week, Senators S
CHUMER and S ANDERS said that Repub-licans are planning to take health care coverage away from more than 30 mil-lion Americans. It is not going to hap-pen. The Democrats absolutely know it is not going to happen. It doesn’t stop them from saying it. The fact is, this should never have been about health insurance in the first place. As a doctor, I will tell you this should have been about health care and patients. Republicans are going to make sure that is where the focus is from now on. The number of people with good health insurance cov-erage under ObamaCare actually has been a lot less than what the Demo-crats are claiming. That is because lots of people who bought ObamaCare cov-erage only did it because the health care law forced them to give up the in-surance they already had and liked and worked for them. I have heard many stories from people in Wyoming who had insurance. It worked for them. They chose it because it was best for them and their family, and they lost it because the President said it wasn’t good enough for him. These are people who were hurt by the broken promises and by President Obama’s well-earned award of Lie of the Year. With the health care law, most of the people who got insurance for the first time were actually forced into the bro-ken system called Medicaid. Most of those people were actually eligible for Medicaid before the law was even signed, but for people who didn’t have insurance before, a lot of them still can’t afford care now because they may have insurance, but the deductibles are so high they can’t afford to use it. Half of ObamaCare enrollees say they are skipping doctor visits in order to save money. If a family’s health insurance doesn’t cover the care they need, then the number of people covered is totally meaningless. Democrats are out there saying that if we try to replace ObamaCare with a better solution, that it is just going to, in their words, cause chaos in the health insurance industry. Where have they been? There is chaos everywhere because of ObamaCare. When you look at what Democrats did to America’s health care system, what you see is chaos. Premiums are up 25 percent in 1 year. That is chaos. Deductibles are up by an average of $450 in a year. That is chaos. There is no functioning market-place for ObamaCare in one-third of the country. That is chaos. When Americans look at this, what they see is already chaos, and ObamaCare caused it. I want to mention one of the false claims the Democrats are making, and it has to do with Medicaid. That is be-cause Medicaid was broken long before ObamaCare. All the health care law did 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.005 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES186 January 10, 2017 
was add more people onto this broken program. One reason Medicaid is strug-gling is the same reason the rest of ObamaCare isn’t working—because Medicaid tries to impose too many rules and regulations from Washington. It tries to make one size fit all. There are different needs in every State. States know what those needs are, and they know much better than Washington about the people who live in those States. There are Republican Governors like Mike Pence of Indiana who understood this very important fact—and I am glad he is soon going to be Vice President. Governors like Mike Pence fought for waivers, waivers to make sure they could do what the peo-ple of their States needed. Every Gov-ernor should have that kind of freedom to look out for the best interests of the people in their home States. They shouldn’t have to ask permission from some unaccountable, unelected Wash-ington bureaucrat before making im-provements to their own Medicaid Pro-gram. Giving States the freedom to come up with better solutions is just one of the things Republicans are going to do to replace ObamaCare with real health care reform. States need and de-serve to have that freedom, and people should be free to buy the health insur-ance that meets their needs, not what meets the needs of the President of the United States. People shouldn’t have to pay more for coverage that isn’t a good value for them. That is why so many people aren’t even signing up in the first place and would rather pay the penalty—a penalty that, in my mind, is still un-constitutional. Families should have more flexibility to save for their own medical care. That is a way to make sure they are not stuck with empty coverage they can’t afford to use. Peo-ple shouldn’t be mandated to buy this overpriced, unusable insurance or face a penalty from the IRS. It is one of the most outrageous parts of the entire health care law. To me, it is the first thing that has to go on the chopping block. Republicans are going to repeal dam-aging and destructive ideas like ObamaCare’s many taxes, mandates, and penalties. Then we are going to walk through better solutions one-by- one, step-by-step. I hope some of the Democrats in Congress will join us. The Democratic Senators must be heading home on weekends and listen-ing to people who have been impacted the way I described the people of Wyo-ming believe they have been impacted by the health care law. They have to realize there are things we must do better and more freedoms that must be given to the American people. The American people have suffered long enough with the chaos created by ObamaCare. It took years for health in-surance markets to get this bad, and it is going to take time to get things fixed. This resolution we have submitted to repeal ObamaCare is the start. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Wyoming, the doctor, the Senator who has been involved in health care all of his adult life and par-ticularly since he got to the Senate. He has been looking at alternatives to what we have and will play an intricate part in any replacement that we do. We know what the problems are, and we are in the land of denial right now with the Democrats making speeches about the fearmongering of what might be changed. This isn’t the point at which it gets changed. This is the point at which it gets set up so that it can be changed, and I look forward to actually doing the repeal and the replacement under the guidance of Senator B
AR-
RASSO from Wyoming. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, let me first say to the distinguished chair-man of the Budget Committee that we look forward to seeing the replacement as well because that is really the key right now. People across the country are saying: Wait a minute. You are going to unravel a system. You are going to repeal and take away the health care that I have and the patient protections that I have, and we don’t even know if it will be better. Why in the world would that be done if the new system wasn’t going to be better than the old system? Right now we don’t see anything. We see 6 years of repeals coming from the House and Senate and no plans. We still don’t see a plan, and we have no idea. More importantly, there are mil-lions of people with insurance who are either getting patient protections or affordable care they couldn’t get before or have Medicare strengthened or Med-icaid support, and no one knows what will happen next. Doctors, nurses, health care providers—no one knows what is going to happen next. I think it is the most irresponsible approach to addressing one of the basic needs for all of our families that we could ever have. So we know that in the end, when you pull the thread, essentially, you un-ravel the whole system. That, mini-mally, creates instability in the entire economy. There is no plan being held up that would improve health care, which we are all for. I am all for mak-ing the health care system more afford-able for families, strengthening health care. Let’s do it. Unravelling and cre-ating chaos in the health care system— no. It makes absolutely no sense, and we know that it is just going to make America sick again. I want to share a couple of stories. First, we hear from Mary of Dundee, who owns a small business and has a 20- year-old daughter with a preexisting condition. For her, coverage—but, also, what we call the Patients’ Bill of Rights—is absolutely critical. That is part of the Affordable Care Act that af-fects everybody with insurance. Sev-enty-five percent of Americans get their insurance through their em-ployer. In the past, they could get dropped if they got sick, if they had di-abetes or had a child with juvenile dia-betes or had a heart condition or high blood pressure. Women who were of childbearing years could be viewed as having a preexisting condition. In the past, insurance companies had total control to decide who got coverage, when they got dropped, what would happen when you got sick and needed medical care. That changed with a Pa-tients’ Bill of Rights in the Affordable Care Act. There are a whole range of protections to make sure the insurance you pay for every month actually pro-vides the medical care when you need it for you and your family. Let’s start with Mary’s story. She wanted to express her concern about repealing the Affordable Care Act, and I appreciate very much the fact that she shared her story with me. She says: 
My family and I have purchased our cov-erage through the [ACA] marketplace for 2015, 2016, and 2017. This opportunity has al-lowed us to become self-employed. . . . 
They could open their own business. They weren’t tied to their job because of the need of health insurance. They now have opened their own small busi-ness in Dundee, MI. 
Prior to the ACA, I was working to provide coverage— 
How many times have we heard that? I have heard that even in my own ex-tended family— 
then I lost my full time status and as a part- time employee, the hours I worked barely covered my portion of my employer provided healthcare. By enrolling for coverage through the mar-ketplace, I was able to pick the coverage needed for our family at an affordable price . . . not knowing what the future held be-coming self employed. We have three daugh-ters. Our oldest has life threatening allergies and asthma. I did not need to worry that we would be denied coverage due to preexisting conditions. As Congress proceeds to dismantle the ACA, I am concerned for my oldest daughter who is in her sophomore year at the Univer-sity of Michigan-Dearborn. She is 20 years old. . . . Will she continue to have coverage through our insurance until she is 26 as the ACA provides? If not, what kind of coverage will she be able to afford due to her pre-existing conditions? Why put more obstacles in the way of our young adults? 
That is a really good question, Mary. It makes no sense to do that. She goes on to say: 
The ACA, we’re sure, has faults . . . and like everything, could be improved, but to scrap it and not use it at least as a ‘‘seed’’ to grow and improve is beyond my under-standing. To suggest that there is nothing to keep is absurd and 20–30 million Americans enrolled . . . agree with us. 
I agree with you as well, Mary. Thank you for sharing your story. The coverage in the Affordable Care Act and the strengthening of Medicare and Medicaid are critical, as are the patient protections—the Patient Bill of Rights that affects people who buy in-surance now, who finally got control 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.006 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S187 January 10, 2017 
back from insurance companies that made every single decision. Being able to know that, if, in fact, you get sick or your child has a serious health con-dition, they won’t be denied care for the rest of their lives, and also being able to have them on your insurance as they start off in life—there are so many protections. The caps on treat-ments and the number of treatments and services provided have been elimi-nated. The Patients’ Bill of Rights is absolutely critical. I want to take just a moment to speak about another piece of this, which relates to the Patients’ Bill of Rights as it relates to women. In the past, the majority of plans—about 70 percent of the insurance plans in the private sector that a woman might try to choose and purchase—wouldn’t cover basic maternity care. I couldn’t believe it when I first heard that. Wait a minute. It wouldn’t cover basic ma-ternity care? Now every plan has to cover basic maternity care. It makes sense. No longer is just being a woman a preexisting condition. That is part of the Patients’ Bill of Rights. The capacity to now get preventive care, a mammogram, cancer screenings, and other types of preven-tive care is done without a copay. So we want people to go and get that checkup and, if there is a problem, to be able to tackle it early. That is most important because it is better for the person, but it also means there will be less cost to the health care system if you can catch something early. So the Patients’ Bill of Rights is really crit-ical to that. There is something else that is also in here that is appalling to me and goes directly to the question of women’s health care, and that is the fact that this bill repeals Planned Parenthood services and, basically, guts health care for women across Michigan and women across the country. For 75 per-cent of the women who use a Planned Parenthood clinic in Michigan, their visit will be the only health care they get all year. We have rural counties in northern Michigan where the only health care clinics doing preventive care—cancer screenings, basic services, OB/GYN vis-its—are the Planned Parenthood clin-ics. So many women across Michigan will see their access to health care de-nied if this passes and Planned Parent-hood loses its funding. There were 71,000 patients, the majority of them women, in Michigan in 2014, who re-ceived care—breast exams, Pap smears, prenatal visits. Again, tying this all to-gether, we want to cover maternity care, but we also want healthy moms and healthy babies, and that means prenatal care. We have communities in these small towns, as well as in the big cities. But it affects small towns and rural communities around Michigan, where women are going to be denied services, and it is the only clinic that is there. I want to share a story from Laurie in Jonesville about the Affordable Care Act and her particular situation. She said: 
I have had type I diabetes for 54 years and when I needed to retire early at the age of 62 because of complications related to diabetes, I looked at the ACA for health insurance. . . . I couldn’t afford COBRA. I was able to buy health insurance at what I consider an affordable price with a small copay for my medications, the most expen-sive one being insulin at a retail price of $296 a month. As you know, my preexisting con-ditions of type I diabetes, heart disease and a visual impairment, both complications of diabetes, would have been uninsurable with-out the ACA. I would have been uninsurable. 
That is without the Patients’ Bill of Rights, which says she has a right to be able to purchase health insurance. 
In June of 2016 I was diagnosed with breast cancer, luckily diagnosed at Stage 1 in a rou-tine mammogram. Without the ACA I wouldn’t have been able to afford the mam-mogram or the subsequent treatment with-out depleting our life savings. I quickly reached my maximum out of pocket cost and while some people would complain about having to pay that, not me! My total bill so far is over $150,000. . . . 
That is for her cancer treatment. There is the combination here of re-pealing Planned Parenthood funding for health clinics that allow someone like Laurie to go in and get a mammo-gram rather than waiting until she has a level of breast cancer that cannot be effectively treated or might otherwise cause loss of life. She was able to catch this early because she was able to get a screening—a mammogram—the kind of treatment that women in small towns all over Michigan have the ca-pacity to do now because of the reason-able copays for care and partly because there is no copay for that mammogram but also because they have a clinic available in their community where they can get the care. All of this fits together—the access to preventive care for women, the health care clinics that are available around Michigan and around the country, and the Patients’ Bill of Rights, which says you have a right to care. This is not just about the insurance company basing every deci-sion on the fact that they want to make more money rather than cover you. You have a right to make sure that when you get sick, you don’t get dropped, and, if you have breast cancer or diabetes, you have a right to have access to affordable health care. So I would hope that our colleagues would join together, stop this craziness of trying to repeal health reform and protections for every single American, and, instead, sit down together and look at how we can make it better. Our Republican colleagues will find willing partners in making the system more affordable and better, but we will continue to be the strongest possible opponents of ripping the system apart and creating chaos for American fami-lies. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Wyoming. AMENDMENT NO . 52 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 52 and ask unanimous consent that it be reported by number. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The clerk will report the amendment by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Wyoming [Mr. E NZI], for Mr. F
LAKE , proposes an amendment num-bered 52. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To strengthen Social Security and Medicare without raiding it to pay for new Government programs, like Obamacare, that have failed Americans by increasing premiums and reducing affordable health care options, to reform Medicaid without prioritizing able-bodied adults over the dis-abled, and to return regulation of insur-ance to State governments) At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PROTECTIONS FOR THE ELDERLY AND VULNERABLE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protections for the elderly and vulnerable, which may include strengthening Social Security and Medicare, improving Medicaid, housing reform, and returning reg-ulation of health insurance markets to the States, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2017 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. f 
RECESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 1:01 p.m., recessed until 2 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2017—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, as the ranking member of the Budget Com-mittee, I want to take this opportunity to make several points in opposition to the Republican side-by-side amend-ment and in support of the amendment that I have offered. Like many Republican proposals, if you read the Republican amendment, it sounds good on the surface, but if you probe half an inch into it, you recog-nize what an incredible disaster it will be for working families of this coun-try—nice words, but devastating im-pacts. So I want to talk about that. No. 2, I want to talk about what it will mean if, in fact, the Republicans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.008 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES188 January 10, 2017 
are successful in doing what they want to do, which is repealing the Affordable Care Act—something which I, and I think virtually every Democrat, will do our best to oppose—and what it will mean to the American people if the Af-fordable Care Act is repealed without any alternative to replace it. What that, in fact, will mean is throwing 30 million people off of their health insurance. Thirty million people will lose their health insurance. I have not seen any Republican studies as to how many of those people will die, but certainly many thousands of them will die because if you are sick and you don’t have any money and you don’t have any health insurance, you cannot get to a doctor or you cannot get to a hospital. In fact, there have been some studies suggesting that thousands of people will die, and certainly many others will become much sicker than they should be. That is what happens when you simply throw 30 million peo-ple off of health insurance and you have no alternative plan. Nobody in the Senate thinks the Af-fordable Care Act is perfect, least of all me. I think it needs significant changes. Let’s work together to change it. But you cannot just repeal it with-out any alternative. Not only will a repeal throw 30 mil-lion people off of health insurance, it will devastate millions and millions of low- and moderate-income families by making major cuts to Medicaid, and that includes many middle-class fami-lies who use Medicaid to support pay-ments for their parents who are in nursing homes. If you repeal the Affordable Care Act without a replacement, you are going to significantly increase the cost of prescription drugs for senior citizens, many of whom have a hard time right now paying for their medicine. And while you have thrown millions off of health insurance, while you make dev-astating cuts to Medicaid, while the re-peal of the Affordable Care Act will raise the cost of prescription drugs for seniors, a repeal would do something else, which is not terribly surprising coming from Republicans. It would pro-vide $346 billion in tax breaks to the top 2 percent. Millions lose their health care, the costs of prescription drugs go up, middle-class families will not be able to afford nursing home care for their parents, but, importantly, from the Republican perspective, $346 billion in tax breaks will go to the top 2 per-cent. Now, this is a set of priorities which I, frankly, believe the American people do not support. Also this afternoon I want to touch on another issue that is actually even more important than the previous two, and that is, to my mind, in a Demo-cratic society, a candidate for Presi-dent—in this case Mr. Trump—cannot simply say one thing over and over again, cannot go out to the American people and make campaign promises, but the day after the election, forget about what those promises were about. Now, here is the purpose of the Re-publican amendment. This is what is in front of all of us right now. 
Purpose: To strengthen Social Security and Medicare without raiding it to pay for new Government programs, like ObamaCare, that have failed Americans by increasing premiums and reducing affordable health care options, to reform Medicaid without prioritizing able-bodied adults over the dis-abled, and to return regulation of insurance to State governments. 
That is the exact quote of the pur-pose of the Republican amendment that we will be voting on in a few mo-ments. It sounds pretty good. But let us translate it into English, and let us be very clear about what these words actually mean and why this amend-ment should be opposed by every Mem-ber of the U.S. Senate. The Republicans say in their purpose that they want to ‘‘strengthen Social Security and Medicare.’’ Well, count me in. That is exactly what I want to do. But how do they propose to go about doing that? They are going to strengthen Social Security and Medi-care by making devastating cuts to So-cial Security and Medicare. That is a strange way to strengthen a program. As we speak right now, the Repub-lican chairman of the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Social Secu-rity—the committee that has jurisdic-tion over Social Security—has intro-duced legislation which will make dev-astating cuts to Social Security. That is a very unusual way to strengthen that program. My Republican friends will tell us that the only way we can ‘‘strengthen Social Security’’ is, in fact, to cut So-cial Security. Now, talk about fake news; talk about Orwellian language. We are strengthening Social Security by cutting Social Security. To all those seniors and disabled veterans who are out there and who are trying to get by on $13,000, $14,000, $15,000 a year in Social Security benefits, my Republican colleagues are going to ‘‘strengthen’’ Social Security and they are going to do it by cutting your bene-fits. That is a very strange way to strengthen Social Security. It seems to me that if we are serious about really strengthening Social Se-curity, what that means in plain English—not Orwellian language—is, No. 1, if you want to strengthen it, we have to extend the life of Social Secu-rity. Social Security now can pay out every benefit owed to every eligible American for 17 years. That is OK. It means we are not in a crisis, but it is not good enough. I want to see Social Security be solvent for another 50 or 60 years. That is strengthening Social Se-curity. When we talk about strengthening Social Security, that means increasing benefits, not cutting benefits. The truth is that seniors in this country cannot make it on $13,000 or $14,000 a year in Social Security benefits; we need to increase and expand their bene-fits. Thirdly, if we are serious about strengthening Social Security, we need to end the absurdity of seniors who this year got a COLA of three-tenths of 1 percent, and in recent years have got-ten COLAs of zero percent because the formula that determines COLAs for people on Social Security is totally in-adequate and an incorrect formula, not really measuring the cost-of-living ex-penditures of senior citizens. That is what we have to do to strengthen Social Security. How do we do that? I have legislation that will do just that. But do my col-leagues know what? Despite all of the talk of my Republican colleagues wanting to strengthen Social Security, we have zero Republican cosponsors on that idea. The way we do it—a concept sup-ported by many of the major senior or-ganizations in this country—would eliminate the earnings cap on all tax-able income above $250,000. Right now, if you make $1 million a year, $10 mil-lion a year, you contribute the same amount into the Social Security trust fund as somebody who makes about $118,000. That is wrong. That is unfair. Lifting that cap, starting at $250,000 and above, would impact only the top 1.5 percent. If we do that, we can ex-tend the life of Social Security for well over 50 years and we could expand ben-efits for people living on less than $16,000 a year by more than $1,300 a year. That is how we strengthen Social Security. But I have not heard one Re-publican in this body speak in support of that proposal. Now, Republicans say they want to strengthen Medicare without raiding it to pay for new government programs like ObamaCare. That is what they state in their purpose. So let me be ab-solutely clear. That is a totally false statement. It is not true. The so-called raid was an effort to save some $700 bil-lion over a 10-year period by making Medicare more efficient and more cost effective. My Republican friends talk every day about the need to bring increased effi-ciencies into government programs. They are right. We need to do that. And that is precisely what the Obama administration did. My Republican friends will not get up here and tell us that there was one nickel of Medicare benefits cut as a result of the creation of the Affordable Care Act. There was not one nickel of benefits cut. They know it. I know it. They will not say otherwise. So the $700 billion was in savings, doing the right thing—not cutting a nickel of benefits from Medicare. I hope my Republican colleagues will not continue to try to spread this mistruth. The Republican amendment that we are going to be voting on talks about reforming Medicaid without prioritizing able-bodied adults over the disabled. It sounds good. What are they talking about in real English? What they want to do is ‘‘reform’’ Medicaid without prioritizing able-bodied adults over the disabled. What does that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.011 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S189 January 10, 2017 
mean? It means not only do they not want to see Medicaid expanded, as over 30 States have done, what they want to do, and what this language is really about, is to throw millions of people off of Medicaid. We are the only major country on Earth that does not guar-antee health care to all people. Some 28 million Americans today have no health insurance. They want to throw millions more off health insurance. So if you are an ‘‘able-bodied’’ adult making the Federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour—which, by the way, they don’t want to raise. Vermont has raised its minimum wage to $10 an hour. I don’t know what it is in Wyoming— $7.25. But if you are in a State where minimum wage is still $7.25 and you are able-bodied, do the arithmetic. If you have a couple of kids, health insur-ance will cost you $10,000, $15,000 a year. How do you afford that when you are making $8, $9, $10 an hour? You don’t afford it. That is able-bodied. The last I heard, it is not criminal activity to be working and making $8, $9, $10 an hour. Unfortunately, that is what millions of people do. They can-not afford health insurance. What many of us have tried to do is expand Medicaid so that they will get health insurance, but what the Republican proposal and their language is about is the denying health insurance for the so-called able-bodied. Let’s get rid of the word ‘‘able-bodied.’’ Let’s talk about working people at starvation wages who cannot afford health insur-ance. That is what that language means in English. The Republican’s proposal we will be voting on also talks about ‘‘returning regulation of insurance to State gov-ernments.’’ OK. It sounds good. What does that mean in the real world? That means you could be denied coverage for a preexisting condition. I just met a woman last night dying of breast cancer. That is her reality, but she was able to get health insur-ance, despite having a very severe situ-ation, because we abolished the insur-ance companies’ ability to say no to her and to millions of other people who have preexisting conditions. When you want to return regulation of insurance to State governments, that is precisely what they can do—the law is gone. The insurance companies can say: You have cancer; we are not going to cover you because you are going to cost us too much money, and we can’t make any money from you. Insurance companies could refuse to cover needed things like maternity care, prescription drugs, or high-cost diseases like HIV and many others. That is what they mean when they talk about returning regulation of insur-ance to State governments, doing away with all of the patient protection we have passed here in Washington that is widely supported by the American peo-ple. Go out to Wyoming, go to Vermont, go to Oregon, go to any State and ask the people if we should repeal preexisting conditions so insurance companies can discriminate against people with illness, and they will tell you overwhelmingly no. So the Republican proposal, which sounds nice, is in fact a devastating amendment that would very negatively impact many millions of people. I hope every Member of the Senate will reject that Republican amendment and in fact vote for an amendment I will be offering which addresses two very im-portant issues: No. 1, at a time of massive income and wealth inequality, at a time when a tiny sliver of our population—the people on top—are getting phenome-nally wealthy, phenomenally richer, we have an explosion of billionaires in re-cent years while the middle class con-tinues to shrink. At a time when we are the only major country on Earth not to guarantee health care as a right to all of our people, it would be abso-lutely unacceptable to take away health insurance from 30 million Amer-icans, unacceptable to privatize Medi-care, unacceptable to slash Medicaid, unacceptable to increase the costs of prescription drugs for seniors, unac-ceptable to defund Planned Parent-hood—a high-quality health care orga-nization providing health care to over 2 million Americans, many of whom are low income women. So a vote for the Sanders amendment rejects all of those very bad ideas. If we throw 30 million people off health insurance and if we do not have a plan to replace it, I would hope my Republican colleagues would have the decency to tell us how many of those 30 million people will die. If we are going to be considering this legislation and throwing 30 million people off who can no longer get to a doctor, can no longer get to the hospital because they don’t have the money, how many of them will die? Tell us. Tell us so we can hold that in consideration as we look at this proposal. For years, it is no secret Republican leaders like P
AULRYAN and Congress-man T
OMPRICE have wanted to end Medicare as we know it. That is what they have told us. It is not what I am saying. It is not a great secret. What does that mean? What does it mean if we end Medicare as we know it and if we turn it into a voucher pro-gram, handing a 65-year-old senior who has been diagnosed with cancer an $8,000 check and telling them to go out to a private insurance company and buy insurance on their own. That is what privatizing Medicare is about. It is a voucher program. Here is a check. You go out to the private insurance companies. You do your best. If you are an 80-year-old suffering with cancer and you have a check for whatever it may be—$8,000, $9,000 a year—and you go to an insurance com-pany and you say: What do I get for my $8,000 check, they will laugh at you. They will laugh at you because they understand the cost of your care—your hospital care, your prescription drugs— will go well beyond 8,000 in the first week, let alone year. You will get noth-ing. That is what the Republican idea is in terms of privatizing Medicare. Let me get to the last point I want to make, and that gets well beyond the Affordable Care Act and well beyond Medicaid, Medicare, and Social Secu-rity. It gets to the essence of what our political system is supposed to be about, and that is, if we run for office— and every person in the Senate has run for office. If you run for President, you cannot say over and over again that you are going to do this, and the day after the election decide you are not going to do it. That is why so many people in this country are disgusted with the political process. They see people saying: Hey, vote for me. I am going to do A, B, and C, and the day after the election you do the very oppo-site, D, E, and F. When he ran for President, Donald Trump ran a very unconventional cam-paign. That is for sure. He said: I am not a typical Republican. That is what he said. He said: If I am elected Presi-dent, I, Donald Trump, am not going to cut Social Security, I am not going to cut Medicare, and I am not going to cut Medicaid. He didn’t say that once. He wasn’t caught in an ambush inter-view. That was the heart and soul of his campaign. That is what he said to the elderly and to working-class Amer-icans, and many voted for him pre-cisely because he said he would not cut Social Security, Medicare, and Med-icaid. On May 7, 2015, Mr. Trump tweeted: ‘‘I was the first and only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare, and Med-icaid.’’ April 18, 2015, Trump said: Every Republican wants to do a big num-ber on Social Security. They want to do it on Medicare, they want to do it on Medicaid, and we can’t do it. And it’s not fair to the people that have been paying in for years. Now, all of a sudden they want to cut it. 
August 10, 2015, Trump said: 
I will save Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security without cuts. 
Without cuts. 
We have to do it. People have been paying in for years and now many of these can-didates want to cut it. 
March 29, 2016, Trump said: 
You know, Paul [Ryan]— 
PAUL RYAN is, as we all know, the Speaker of the House— 
wants to knock out Social Security, knock it way down. . . . . He wants to knock Medi-care way down. 
Two things. You will lose the elec-tion if you are going to do that. I am not going to cut it, and I am not going to raise ages, and I am not going to do all the things that they want to do. Welcome to ‘‘they.’’ That is what the Republicans are trying to do. Back to the quote: 
But they want to really cut it, and they want to cut it very substantially—the Re-publicans—and I am not going to do that. 
That is where we are today. Repub-licans have a proposal which will make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.012 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES190 January 10, 2017 
devastating cuts to Social Security over in the House, and here by repeal-ing the Affordable Care Act, they are going to cut Medicare and Medicaid. In December of 2011, Trump wrote: 
Now, I know there are some Republicans who would be just fine with allowing Social Security and Medicare to wither and die on the vine. The way they see it, Social Secu-rity and Medicaid are wasteful entitlement programs. But people who think this way need to rethink their position. It’s not un-reasonable for people who paid in to a sys-tem for decades to expect to get their mon-ey’s worth. That’s not an entitlement. That’s honoring a deal. We as a society must also make an ironclad commitment to providing a safety net for those who can’t make one for themselves. 
On May 21, 2015, Trump tweeted: 
I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does. 
On and on and on. These are just some of the quotes. This is not like a statement in the middle of the night. This is what he campaigned on. What this amendment is about and says to my Democratic colleagues and says to my Republican colleagues is, do we hold and support the process in which a candidate runs for office and over and over and over again tells working families and the elderly he will not cut Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid—do we hold him to his word or do we just say: Hey, that is just campaign rhetoric. He lied. That is OK. That is politics in America. It doesn’t matter what he said. This is the reality. We are going to cut Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. So this amendment tells us that if we go forward with what the Republicans want to do, it will be devastating to the American people, but perhaps, more importantly, what this amend-ment says is that in a democratic soci-ety, we must have faith with the Amer-ican people. You cannot run a cam-paign, make promises, and the day after forget about everything you said. I would hope very much that my Re-publican colleagues will join all of us on this side in supporting what democ-racy is supposed to be about. We have differences of opinions. Mr. E
NZIand I disagree on a lot of things, but I have never suggested that Mr. E
NZI—when he campaigns, I believe he says what he believes. People vote for him or they vote against him. It is called democ-racy. Now you have a situation where a candidate for President goes to the working class and says: I will not cut Social Security, Medicare, and Med-icaid. Let us tell Mr. Trump: Let us keep faith with the American people. We heard what you said, and we are going to hold you to your word. Let us support the Sanders amendment. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today, Senate Democrats will be voting to protect three programs—Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. These programs represent core commitments our Nation has made to seniors, low-in-come Americans, children, and those living with disabilities. Social Security, Medicare, and Med-icaid reflect who we are as Americans. At one time or another throughout our lives, most of us have or will count on these programs for health care or for financial stability. During last year’s Presidential de-bate, President-Elect Trump sought to distinguish himself from the field of Republican candidates by stating he was the first and only Republican can-didate who would promise not cut So-cial Security, Medicare, or Medicaid. Yet, in their first major action of the new Congress, Republicans have taken the first step to dramatically alter and decimate core programs that comprise our safety net. Congressional Repub-licans want to gut funding, limit bene-fits, constrict eligibility, and turn guaranteed earned benefits into a voucher and a ‘‘good luck’’ wish. Their approach would violate the pledge we have made to millions of Americans and truly disrupt lives. This is unac-ceptable. That is why I am cospon-soring Senator SANDERS ’ amendment to prohibit the Senate from consid-ering any legislation that would vio-late Donald Trump’s promise of not cutting Medicare, Medicaid, or Social Security. I am committed to ensuring that we meet the promise we made to Ameri-cans. Sixty million Americans, includ-ing 2 million Illinoisans, depend on So-cial Security for their well-being, and we must make sure that this vital pro-gram is there for both current and fu-ture generations. By 2034, without any reform, Social Security will be unable to fulfill its promise to its beneficiaries. If Congress does not act, beneficiaries would imme-diately see their benefits reduced by one-fifth. It remains Congress’s responsibility to look to the future and protect the long-term solvency of Social Security while ensuring benefits meet the needs of beneficiaries, especially the most vulnerable among us. Waiting until tomorrow to do what we could do today—an approach that I have seen fail in Illinois—only makes the task more difficult and likely to cause disruption. I was a member of the Simpson- Bowles Commission, where we tried to address our budget challenges and the long-term solvency of Social Security. I voted for the Commission’s report be-cause I believe we must face the dif-ficult reality that doing nothing may harm the very people we are trying to protect—beneficiaries that rely on the promises we have made. I firmly be-lieve that we, as Members of Congress, have a duty to have these debates and make difficult decisions, not just wait for the inevitable. While I did not support everything in the final Commission’s report, I believe the report included some commonsense options to improve the longterm sol-vency of Social Security: accelerating the alignment of payroll taxes to their intended level of 90 percent of wages and realigning benefits to reflect cur-rent poverty levels among seniors. I believe there can and should be evenhanded, bipartisan agreement on a path forward. To do so, we need a col-laborative and good-faith partnership to examine the universe of policy op-tions. Make no mistake—I oppose privatiza-tion of Social Security. And recent sol-vency changes have weighed heavily on beneficiaries. That is why conversa-tions should be balanced and targeted. There must be a dual goal of ensuring the adequacy of benefits, especially for those who rely on Social Security the most, and the long-term solvency of this program. I look forward to working across the aisle in the future to maintain and build upon our promise to Americans. AMENDMENT NO . 52 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate, equally divided, prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 52, offered by the Senator from Wyoming, Mr. E
NZI, for Mr. F LAKE . The Senator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise today to speak in favor of the Flake amendment, No. 52, to protect the el-derly and vulnerable. I think the Senator speaking on the other side of the aisle talking about Republicans wanting to cut Medicare and Social Security has it a little backward. According to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office, under current law Social Security’s disability insurance trust fund will be exhausted by 2022 and its retirement fund will be exhausted by 2030. Once ex-hausted, Social Security beneficiaries could be subject to a cut in their bene-fits as high as 31 percent if we do noth-ing, unless we fix these programs. The problem with the other side of the aisle right now is they don’t want to fix these programs. If we adopt the Sanders amendment, it will make it difficult to actually go in and reform these programs in a manner that will make sure they survive for future gen-erations. We all know we have to have entitle-ment reform. We want to do it in a way that protects future generations. Un-less we reform these programs—and they go in 2022 and 2030—if these bene-fits are exhausted, people might be sub-jected to a 31-percent cut. That is not what we want. That is why we have to go in and reform them, and that is why we need to adopt my amendment. With that, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, when my friend Senator F
LAKE talks about reforming Social Security, what he is talking about is cutting Social Secu-rity. He is suggesting that is the only way we can save Social Security. Of course, that is nonsense. I would urge my good friend from Arizona to get on board legislation that I will be offer-ing. Do you know what it does? It ex-tends the life of Social Security for 55 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.014 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S191 January 10, 2017 
years and expands benefits, and it does that by lifting the cap so that billion-aires contribute more into the Social Security trust fund. To suggest that nobody on this side wants to do anything is inaccurate. We do want to do something. We want to raise benefits and extend the life of So-cial Security. And, yes, some campaign donors—billionaires—may have to pay more in taxes. I urge my colleagues to reject the Flake amendment and support the Sanders amendment. Mr. President, I raise a point of order that the pending amendment, No. 52, is not germane to the underlying resolu-tion and therefore violates section 305(b)2 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver pro-visions of applicable budget resolu-tions, I move to waive all applicable sections of the act and applicable budg-et resolutions for the purpose of the Flake amendment, No. 52, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 31, nays 67, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 5 Leg.] YEAS—31 
Burr Cassidy Collins Corker Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Lankford Lee McCain Moran Murkowski Portman Risch Rubio Sasse Scott Sullivan Thune Toomey Young 
NAYS—67 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Isakson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Reed Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden NOT VOTING—2 
Sessions Tillis 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 31, the nays are 67. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained and the amendment falls. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 
Under the previous order, there will be 2 minutes of debate, equally divided, prior to a vote in relation to amend-ment No. 19, offered by the Senator from Vermont, Mr. S
ANDERS . The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, this amendment does two basic things. No. 1, it says that the Senate should not go on record in throwing 30 million people off of health insurance, raising the cost of prescriptions drugs for seniors, and privatizing Medicare. But it also does something else maybe even more important. It says that we should support President-Elect Trump when he campaigned through-out this country saying that I, Donald Trump, will not cut Social Security, will not cut Medicare, will not cut Medicaid. Let’s tell the American peo-ple that we think that when a can-didate for President says something over and over and over, when he prom-ises the working people and the elderly that he will not cut Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, we stand with him and we are going to support him and make sure that there are no cuts to Social Security, Medicare, and Med-icaid. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I don’t think that is exactly what this is about. This amendment is corrosive to the privilege of the budget resolution, meaning it is outside of the scope of what is appropriate for a budget resolu-tion. Any inappropriate amendment could be fatal to the privilege of this resolution, which would destroy our ef-forts to repeal ObamaCare. In other words, a vote in favor of this amendment is a vote against repealing ObamaCare. In addition, this amend-ment is not germane to this budget res-olution. This budget resolution is much more focused than a typical budget res-olution. The Congressional Budget Act requires that amendments to a budget resolution be germane. Since this amendment does not meet the standard required by budget law, a point of order would lie; as such, I raise a point of order under section 305(b)(2) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, pursu-ant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act for pur-poses of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Alabama (Mr. SESSIONS ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 49, nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 6 Leg.] YEAS—49 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—49 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—2 
Sessions Tillis 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 49, the nays are 49. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained and the amendment falls. The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the 115th Congress convened just last week. I had hoped that with all the turmoil in the country that we would begin the year with a renewed sense of cooperation. But I am sorry to say, my friends in the Republican Party have chosen a different path. The very first thing on the agenda is to press forward with a sham budget. If you ask why we have a sham budget, a fake budget, an unrealistic budget—we find out that its only purpose is to set up a process to repeal the Affordable Care Act with a simple majority vote. Why? Because they know the American people would never allow a repeal to pass otherwise. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.016 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES192 January 10, 2017 
So instead of working to finalize ap-propriations bills for this year—al-ready more than 3 months in—or to in-vest in our Nation’s critical infrastruc-ture, or to truly bolster our Nation’s cyber security, when we see countries such as Russia and other places attack-ing our cyber systems, or even to im-prove the Affordable Care Act so we can ensure that more people can re-ceive affordable coverage, I am afraid the Republicans are recklessly rushing forward solely to fulfill an ill-consid-ered campaign promise. They are pushing American families over the cliff with the vague promise: Yeah, we will repeal it, but don’t worry because eventually we will come up with a plan to replace it. Jump first, plan later is anything but a responsible formula for someone’s health, for sound decisions; and all the more so when the health insurance of tens of millions of Americans and American families all over the coun-try—Republicans, Democrats, and Independents alike—is at stake. The majority leader and others have said the repeal of the Affordable Care Act is only the first step. They say that a full repeal is necessary to pave the way for a replacement. They say: Let’s leave ObamaCare in the past. Well, when you strip away the rhetoric and get rid of it, the only alternative they offer the American people is don’t get sick—because if you get sick, you are in trouble. The American people have a right to know what a vote to repeal the Afford-able Care Act really means. A repeal of this law would not just take away the rights and care of millions of patients and their families; it would eliminate insurance coverage for millions more— especially the aging, the elderly, men and women with preexisting condi-tions, and the most vulnerable chil-dren. A repeal of the Affordable Care Act would turn back the clock to a bad time in this country where once again women would have to pay more for health insurance than men, where in-surance companies could rescind a health insurance policy simply because someone gets sick, and coverage could forever be denied to someone born with a disease or ailment, and that includes children. So you could buy a health in-surance policy so you were covered in case you got sick, but the insurance companies could then say: Oh, you are sick. Sorry, no more insurance. Now, in my State of Vermont, the Af-fordable Care Act has reduced the num-ber of Vermonters without insurance by 53 percent. Tens of thousands have gained coverage under the expansion of Medicaid. And because the Affordable Care Act closed the prescription drug ‘‘donut hole,’’ more than 10,000 Vermont seniors saved $12 million in prescription drugs in 2015 alone. And this is just in the second smallest State in the Union. Can you imagine what it is like in larger States? I have heard stories from many Vermonters about how vital this law is to them and their families. I have heard from family doctors, like one in the southwest corner of our State in Bennington, who remembers when his patients couldn’t afford treatment be-cause of lifetime and annual limits on health care coverage, something that was very common. Or a woman from Westminster, VT, whose family hit hard times—she moved from job to job. She couldn’t afford continuous health coverage until the Affordable Care Act offered her a quality plan she could keep. Now, we are talking about throw-ing her off. Other young Vermonters are able to pursue careers in public service or the arts because they can stay on their parents’ health insurance until age 26. Countless others have underscored that because of previous health issues, such as diabetes or cancer, health coverage would otherwise be unaffordable. It would be a vicious cycle. They had a disease, but they couldn’t afford to do anything about it, and they would go into greater debt. Now, even though they have a preexisting condition, they have guarantees and subsidies provided by the Affordable Care Act so they can have health coverage, instead of health coverage being unaffordable. Opponents of the Affordable Care Act have gone to new lengths to repeat and prolong this political battle. And that is all this is. They have had 6 years to propose a better alternative. Instead, congressional Republicans and the President-elect have decided to put the cart before the horse. They want to dis-mantle our health care system, and they don’t want to figure out how to fix it. They just want to figure out how to get rid of it. And, by the way, they say somebody is going to come up with a bright idea for something better. The American people rightly expect us to work together and make progress on the many challenges that we face today. Instead, we are engaging in dan-gerous political gamesmanship that will not affect Members of the Con-gress, but the millions of families we represent throughout this country be-cause they will not have health insur-ance, and their children will not have health insurance. Just think what this is eventually going to cost Ameri-cans—a lot more than we pay now. I will not support a return to less protection, less coverage, less fairness, and higher costs because that is what a repeal means. The Affordable Care Act extended health insurance to millions of families, not only in Vermont, but across the country. Those who rep-resent the American people in Congress should stand ready to get to work for their constituents. Not to make their constituents sick, but to give them a program that works. I will not support an effort to reverse the many reforms and achievements we have made through the Affordable Care Act and instead cobble back together a broken system that for too long bur-dened most American households with health coverage uncertainty and crip-pling costs. I am not going to go and tell Vermonters: Too bad that you have cancer. Tough. We just fixed it so you can’t have insurance. Too bad that you have diabetes. We just fixed it so you can’t get insurance. Too bad that your child was born with a physical defect. Too bad. We just fixed it so you can’t get insurance. Or to the person who just lost a job who doesn’t have insur-ance: Too bad that you are without health insurance. Better pray you don’t get sick because, if you do, you will lose a lot more than your job. No, I can’t look Vermonters in the eye and say that is what I support. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I rise to speak on a subject that often goes overlooked in this body. The subject of wasteful spending on parochial pet projects is often treated as a trivial matter—simply the cost of doing business around here. Imagine if every Member of Congress were as ob-sessed with searching for government waste as the players of the mobile game Pokemon Go are obsessed with finding the elusive Pokemon, as the chart shows here. Just like the monsters in the popular game, government pork projects come in all shapes and sizes. They pop up just about everywhere. As individual expenses, these pet projects can seem rather harmless—cute, even. But taken together, their cost adds up to one very menacing boondoggle debt monster that continues to grow and threaten every taxpayer. In fact, within days, the U.S. national debt will top $20 tril-lion. As we debate the budget resolution, we need to get serious about control-ling the debt like the true national se-curity challenge it is. We start by eliminating unnecessary spending and catching government waste. My friend and former colleague Sen-ator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma created an annual report cataloging some of the most egregious ways Washington wastes our tax dollars. It is called the Wastebook. Today, I am releasing the latest installment, which profiles 50 new examples of questionable expendi-tures. This year’s edition is entitled ‘‘Wastebook: PORKemon Go.’’ Like the Pokedex, which lists the various Pokemon for players to catch, Wastebook provides an index of ques-tionable expenditures lurking through-out the Federal budget. These collec-tively cost taxpayers more than $5 bil-lion, but instead of Pikachu, we are looking out for PORKachu. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.021 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S193 January 10, 2017 
The top entry in this year’s Wastebook is a spaceport—which is just a fancy word to say a rocket launch site—all the way over in Alas-ka. It has been derided as space pork, not because it is launching an elite unit of porcine astronauts into the big trough in the sky, it is because Con-gress used earmarks to force the De-partment of Defense to build the facil-ity, over the objections of the military, as part of an illegal kickback scheme. A midlevel DOD employee, who was sentenced to prison for masterminding the plot, eventually confessed that building the launch facility ‘‘doesn’t make sense.’’ He said the Pentagon ‘‘just paid for meaningless work.’’ Keep in mind, this was a contractor on that project. After sitting unused for sev-eral years, the Pentagon is now sinking another $80 million into the spaceport. This is despite the fact that it is not even equipped with the type of missiles that DOD plans to launch for the site. Another entry, the National Comedy Center in New York must be laughing all the way to the bank with $1.7 mil-lion from the Economic Development Administration, or EDA. This will be spent to bring Lucille Ball back to the stage as a hologram. The three-dimen-sional illusion of Lucy is formed with light beams from a laser, which will replicate standup routines using exist-ing audio recordings. Holograms of other comedians who are no longer with us will also take the stage in the center’s comedy club. Other features will include a boot camp on how to deliver jokes—maybe I need that one—as well as a heckle booth, which we can do without. This is likely to once again make Washington the punch line of jokes, but it is no laugh-ing matter for taxpayers. Next up, the U.S. Department of Ag-riculture, USDA, has a program that allows taxpayer-funded farm loans to literally be paid back with peanuts. This program shelled out $74 million in the past year. In typical Washington fashion, the government pays more for the peanuts than the market price, which has turned the program into a cash cow, or pig—however you want to view it—and the pile of surplus peanuts the government has amassed is so large that government can’t even give it away. Here we have a farm program where we are giving loans to farmers to grow peanuts. If they check at the end of the year and the market price for peanuts isn’t very good, they can unload those peanuts on the government and keep the cost of the loan. Then, government has to store these peanuts, which we do in warehouses all over the country. Based on USDA’s own numbers, the Congressional Research Service is warning that the storage costs alone could pile up to $1 billion a year. That is not just peanuts; that is enough to make anyone salty about our debt and deficit. Instead of filling potholes, $35,000 from the Department of Transpor-tation literally went to pot. The money was paid for a giant glow-in-the-dark doobie displayed in Denver that was in-tended to remind motorists who smoke marijuana not to drive while they are stoned; $35,000 for a big poster or ban-ner on a building of a giant joint. Even the Nation’s most prestigious science agencies are spending taxpayer funds investigating subjects that most of us would consider obvious or rather offbeat. Studies on the habits of col-lege students funded with $5 million of NIH grants counted more than 500 dif-ferent drinking games that are popular on college campuses. According to researchers, ‘‘All of these games have the same goal—caus-ing participants to become intoxi-cated.’’ I think that is rather obvious. They observed that fraternity brothers drink, smoke, and generally party more than other students, and they also sleep in later. This led the re-searchers to speculate that ‘‘one expla-nation for this finding is that Greek students recognize their sleep needs.’’ A more likely reason is that they are sleeping off their partying lifestyle, but you are paying for it. NIH is also drilling down to deter-mine why some people are afraid of the dentist as part of another $3.5 million research project. The researchers found that—surprise here—‘‘fear of pain has been shown to be a critical compo-nent.’’ The monkey business doesn’t end there. NIH spent nearly $1 million to study the evolution of monkey drool and another $230,000 to determine if the color red makes female monkeys feel more romantic. In case you are won-dering, it does. As part of an effort supported by both the National Science Foundation and DOD to teach computers how to under-stand computer behavior, the machines were programmed to watch television shows. After viewing over 600 hours of ‘‘Desperate Housewives,’’ ‘‘The Office,’’ and other shows, the computers were still unable to predict how humans would behave in most situations. Any-body who has watched those shows re-alizes that is rather obvious. A $1 million NASA project is pre-paring the world’s religions for the pos-sible discovery of extraterrestrial life forms—$1 million to prepare the world’s religions for the possible dis-covery of extraterrestrial life forms. Do we need to spend that, really? A major sticking point for the par-ticipants was defining what life is: ‘‘Much of the discussion centered on the question, ‘What is life?’ It turns out that life is notoriously difficult to define,’’ they concluded. The fishiest study of all tested how long a fish can run on a treadmill. This was part of a study paid for by a $565,000 grant from the National Science Foundation. Everyone remem-bers the infamous shrimp on a tread-mill funded by NSF. It turns out that last year’s competitor had a leg, or sev-eral, up on the competition. With five pairs of walking legs and five pairs of swimming legs, the shrimp could run for hours. The latest NSF-funded tread-mill study participant was literally a fish out of water. The experiment forced mudskippers to ‘‘run’’ for as long as 15 minutes at a time on a tread-mill. These fish possess the unique ability to survive out of water for ex-tended periods of time, using their fins like legs, although they didn’t appear to enjoy running on the treadmill, as you can imagine. Certainly, we have bigger fish to fry with our Federal research dollars and, I might add, better puns to find as well. I could go on and on with examples of completely unnecessary spending iden-tified by this year’s Wastebook. There is waste in every department, every agency. All you have to do is look. Fer-reting out every bit of wasteful spend-ing, no matter how small, is the only way to reduce our debt and to rein in the cost of our Federal Government. It can be a daunting task because, much like Pokemon, these programs are good at hiding. Our mission is simple: You have to catch them all. Madam President, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Mr. KING. Madam President, I rise this afternoon to supplement some re-marks I made on the floor last evening about the Affordable Care Act. Last night, I talked about my own experi-ence as a young staff member in the U.S. Senate 43 years ago when, because I had an insurance policy provided by my employer—that policy had preven-tive care as part of the policy, just as Affordable Care Act policies do today— I had a routine physical checkup. It was the first I had in a number of years, which caught malignant mela-noma, a particularly virulent form of cancer. Because it was caught early and because I was treated, here I am today. As I mentioned last night, it has al-ways haunted me that someone who didn’t have insurance, a young man or a young woman somewhere in the country who was in exactly my situa-tion, because they didn’t have insur-ance, they didn’t have preventive care, didn’t get the checkup, the disease wasn’t caught, and they are gone. I find it very hard to justify that, to understand that. It doesn’t seem fair. It doesn’t seem ethical. It doesn’t seem moral. Today I wanted to also bring to the attention of the Senate some sto-ries from today about the effect of the Affordable Care Act in Maine, where we have over 80,000 people enrolled, many of whom had never been able to have insurance before. A young woman, Whitney, who grad-uated from college in 2013, said: 
I graduated . . . with a degree in wildlife ecology, [but it was very difficult to find a job.] Thanks to the ACA, I was able to stay on my family health insurance plan through this period of unemployment. I did finally get employed in my field, but permanent, year-round jobs with benefits are the equiva-lent of winning the lottery. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.022 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES194 January 10, 2017 
Many young people are in that situa-tion. It even has a name. It is called the gig economy, people who work gigs, who work short periods of time, several months here, several months there, but there are no benefits attached to those jobs. She said: 
Many of us work seasonal jobs, building trails on the Appalachian Trail, rescuing lost hikers, managing volunteers, and running programs for veterans to reconnect with Maine’s woods. We do good work in this state. Before the ACA we worked dangerous outdoor jobs that only provided minimum worker’s comp. . . . But with the ACA and the tax credit, I could afford a silver plan, I could get dental for my teeth, could go to the doctor again, get flu shots and get my joints looked at. 
It is important to realize that with-out the ACA, this young woman would have literally no options. A health sav-ings account is unrealistic for some-body who is making $15,000 to $20,000 a year. Buying insurance across State lines isn’t going to help this young woman. She said getting the ACA coverage ‘‘was life changing. I know it is not perfect but I am terrified of going back to [where we were] before, where health and financial ruin was one wrong step away.’’ Another letter from an older adult: 
My wife is sixty-three years old she is no longer able to work full time. She has had major back surgery and has arthritis in her neck. Because of these health issues she had to reduce her work hours. 
Here is the catch-22. She had to re-duce her work hours. Therefore, her employer dropped her from her health care coverage. 
We were fortunate [enough] to obtain cov-erage for her through the Affordable Care Act. It is expensive and is not the best cov-erage— 
Nobody in this body says it is best possible result and that the law is per-fect. We all agree it needs to be re-paired and fixed and modified. The writer goes on to say— 
but it is good enough for us to know that a major health issue will not bankrupt us. We are appealing to you as our representa-tive to insure that a reasonable replacement will be put in place when the Affordable Care Act is ended. Better yet, improve it, don’t destroy it. 
I couldn’t have said it better myself. Donald, in his letter to me, says: ‘‘Bet-ter yet, improve it, don’t destroy it.’’ That is what we ought to be talking about. This letter is from a fellow named Ryan in North Central Maine. He also makes an important point about the Affordable Care Act. The term that I refer to is ‘‘job lock.’’ There are hun-dreds of thousands, if not millions, of people in this country who are locked into the jobs they have that they don’t really like, that isn’t giving them the satisfaction they want because they can’t afford to leave their health care. One of the hidden benefits of the Af-fordable Care Act is it has allowed those people to follow their dreams, to start a business and not have to worry about having health insurance. This is an entrepreneur in Maine, a small busi-ness person. He said: Affordable healthcare is a major roadblock to those calculating whether they can take the leap to become self-employed. As we pre-pare for next year’s ice cream season, I am about to leave my benefit-providing job in order to commit to making the volume of ice cream we need. This is a scary and question-able decision given our financial situation and the fact that we are raising our two small children of four and seven years old. The first comment I hear from everyone who finds out I am leaving my job is, ‘‘Are you sure? What are you going to do about health insurance??’’ 
The answer is, the Affordable Care Act. It enables this young man, this gentleman, to follow his dream, to start his business, to commit to his business, and this is good for the coun-try. This is a hidden benefit that is rarely discussed about the Affordable Care Act to allow people to give vent to their dreams and their innovation and their contribution to the economy. Here is how he ends his letter. He says: 
Please don’t let me down. Please don’t let my family down. Please don’t let down the millions of families who really are on the bottom of this country and are the very ones that all of you from every party claim to support. I don’t care about the details of how it gets done, whether the ACA is thrown out, or just revised, or what compromises have to be made by either party, but please make sure there is a health care option available and that it is at an affordable price for those of us with the guts to take a stab at our own small business. The key is ‘‘Affordable Care.’’ It matters. 
As in my own case, health insurance also saves lives. There was a study done by the Journal of Public Health in 2009, which basically concluded that for every million people without health in-surance, there are a thousand pre-mature deaths. It is pretty easy math. Before the Affordable Care Act, we had 45 million people without health insur-ance in this country. The calculation in this extensive study was that 46,000 deaths were attributable to not having health insurance. I am living proof of that. If I hadn’t had health insurance, I would be gone. With the disease that I had, either you catch it in time or you are a goner. That is why I am so passionate about this. We would not let people die in our front yards. If we saw somebody who was in danger of losing their life, we wouldn’t stand by. Nobody in this body would stand by and say: Sorry, we can’t help you. But not providing health insurance to people is a death sentence to 10, 20, 30, 40,000 people. The Affordable Care Act is now cov-ering something like 25 million people. That is 25,000 lives saved. If we take it away, it will be 25,000 lives lost. Here’s the letter: 
I am a Maine woman in my late 30s, who works 2 part-time jobs and also run my own business. Because we were on [ACA] health insur-ance that had an affordable deductible, after not feeling well for a while, my husband went to a doctor and had a CT scan of his lungs. . . . It turned out he had a very rare form of an illness, even though he was only 38 at the time. Had we not had this insurance and such an affordable premium and deduct-ible, he would never have gotten that CT scan done. This insurance saved his life and covered every expense we’ve had over the last 2 years with multiple stays at MidCoast Hospital and Maine Med, 2 surgeries, pick- lines, medications, therapies, the list goes on. There is no cure for what he has but he’s doing better now, thanks to the ACA. Another person from Maine: 
My sisters and I watched my mom die. We were physically in the room when it hap-pened. We cried for probably half an hour straight. Before the Affordable Care Act, most of her illnesses were considered pre-existing condi-tions. She survived cancer three times . . . but had to pay exorbitant monthly pre-miums just to have to pay most of her treat-ment out of pocket. 
He said: 
I don’t care about the ACA because of some theory or ideology. I watched my mom die, sooner than she needed to, because she couldn’t afford to get preventative care early enough. I watched my mom die because mar-ket solutions refused to solve her problems. An open insurance market actively refused to compete to cover my mom. The insurance market before the ACA is one of a number of factors that led to my mom’s death. This is a real, physical, immediate mem-ory for me whenever someone talks about healthcare, and it always comes to mind when people talk about it in vague terms and market forces. I am crying even as I write this, and it has been years. 
He writes to me: 
I am begging you, as a son who watched his mom who was younger than you— 
Than me— 
die in a hospital because she couldn’t afford the care she needed, please protect the Af-fordable Care Act. Protect it as a legislator, protect it by recognizing how appointments you choose to confirm or deny will affect my family’s ability to stay healthy and alive. Through grants and research, you’ve worked to improve access to health care. Please, pro-tect the ACA. 
Another one—one more. This is a let-ter I received just back in the fall, a little before Christmas: 
I have an incurable, generally non-lethal form of bone cancer and have been under treatment for over 12 years. The multiple surgeries [and costs] . . . I cannot afford to pay for ongoing treatment without insur-ance. I am very pleased the current ACA does not allow for ‘‘preexisting disqualifica-tion’’ and I would hate to see that removed. Having this condition is naturally stressful, debilitating and undesired. I do not want or need the added stress of having to worry about the details of coverage. Additionally I have two boys, aged 23 and 26, both of whom have benefited from re-maining on our family insurance policy. That is a great policy and my boys are healthier as a result. Finally, access to quality health care is and must be a right as it benefits both the individual and society. Health is key to hap-piness and success and happy successful peo-ple pay taxes, support the government, [and] give back to the community. 
I understand the debate that sur-rounded this. I understand the emo-tion. I understand the pressure that people feel in order to maintain a cam-paign promise or to meet promises 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.024 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S195 January 10, 2017 
made over the last several years. But we are not talking about maybe what will happen; we are talking about real cases, real people. I am talking about real people in Maine, in small towns and cities. I am talking about rural hospitals that are on the verge of being rendered financially incapacitated be-cause if this law is repealed, it will take away a significant part of their support. I am talking about seniors having to pay more for drugs. But mostly, I am talking about people’s lives. These cases are people who can give specific examples. There are thousands, tens of thousands, and millions that we can’t articulate—people who are saved who don’t even know it because they went in to get that checkup, who are saved the stress of wondering how they are going to pay for some kind of treat-ment. As a parent, I remember having to stress about whether to take my child to a doctor because I didn’t know whether I could afford to pay that bill. Yet we all know that is the proper course. We shouldn’t have to make those kinds of choices. We have a vehi-cle, imperfect as it is. Imperfect as it is, we have a vehicle for providing that care. Let’s slow down. Let’s take a breath and say: OK. We talked about repeal, but it isn’t really practical. We can’t harm that many people. Let’s talk about what we are going to replace it with. The idea that we are going to re-peal it today and replace it 3 years from now is just cruel. That is what I am hearing from people: Don’t put us through that. People who finally got insurance after preexisting conditions, who have insurance and have a condi-tion now—they depend upon that insur-ance. Let’s not make them go through that pressure, the financial anxiety added to the health anxiety. We have an opportunity to rise above politics. This really shouldn’t be political or a policy or something that divides us. There is nobody in this body who wants to see people suffer, who wants to unnecessarily put people through the pressure of both health problems and financial problems. We ought to be able to find a solution. Every other in-dustrialized country in the world has found a solution. It is not like this is some impenetrable box. I realize that part of the solution has to involve controlling costs and facing the fact that we pay twice as much for health care per capita as anyone else in the world. That is an issue the Afford-able Care Act does not sufficiently ad-dress, in my view, and we have to talk about that. In the meantime, let us remember those people who are counting on us for their very lives. That is a commitment I believe we can respect and should meet. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, we are engaged in the first step to debate what is important to virtually every American. What we want to do is to find good ways to reform and replace ObamaCare and then repeal the provi-sions of it that have damaged so many Americans. Before we start talking about a big subject, sometimes it helps to ask the question: Exactly what are we talking about? So, very quickly, where do Americans get our health care insur-ance? It might be interesting to note that 91 percent of us have some sort of health insurance—290 million. We get it from four places, basically. One is Medicare—18 percent of us with insur-ance. This is not a bill to change Medi-care. That is a discussion for another day. So we are talking about these three areas. One is employers, on the job. Sixty- one percent of us with insurance get it on the job—178 million people. Medicaid, managed by States, paid for by the Federal and State govern-ments—22 percent of covered Ameri-cans there get their insurance through Medicaid. Then there is the individual market, people who buy it on their own. That includes the exchanges we hear so much about. Here is where all the news is; here is where the turmoil is. That is just 6 percent of everyone who is in-sured, although that is 18 million Americans. This is information from the U.S. Census. Who is not insured? That is inter-esting too. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, there are 27 mil-lion people who aren’t insured, but 17 million of those are eligible for some help to get insurance and just haven’t taken it. Of the 11 million who are not eligible for any help, nearly half of them—5 million—are illegally here. Of the rest, some make too much money to be eligible for assistance, and some dropped through the Medicaid coverage gap. So it is fair to say that 91 percent of us are insured one way or the other. Then, of the 27 million—the 9 percent who are not insured—17 million of those are eligible for some sort of as-sistance. How should we approach this? Fol-lowing the Presidential election, Presi-dent-Elect Donald Trump said on ‘‘60 Minutes’’ that replacement and repeal of ObamaCare would be done ‘‘simulta-neously.’’ To me, that means at the same time. Just today, Speaker of the House P
AUL RYAN said that repeal and re-placement of ObamaCare would be done concurrently. To me, simultaneously and concurrently mean ObamaCare should finally be repealed only when there are concrete practical reforms in place—that give Americans access to truly affordable health care. Let me say that again: ObamaCare should be repealed, finally, only when there are concrete, practical reforms in place that give Americans access to truly af-fordable health care. The American people deserve health care reform that is done in the right way for the right reasons and in the right amount of time. It is not about developing a quick fix. It is about working toward a long-term recovery that works for everyone. Here is one way to think about what simultaneously or concurrently might mean. I would ask you to think about ObamaCare as if it were a local bridge in, say, South Dakota that is col-lapsing—because that is just what is happening with ObamaCare. According to the Tennessee Insurance Commis-sion, the ObamaCare insurance market in our State is ‘‘very near collapse.’’ Across the country, premiums and copays are up. Employers have cut jobs to afford ObamaCare costs. Medicaid mandates are consuming State budg-ets. In one-third of America’s counties, citizens with Federal subsidies have only a single choice of a company to buy insurance from on an ObamaCare exchange. Without quick action this year, next year, these Americans may have zero choices. Their subsidies may be worth about as much as a bus ticket in a town where no buses run. If your local bridge in South Dakota or Wyoming or Tennessee were very near collapse, what would you do? I think the first thing you do is to send in a rescue crew to repair it tempo-rarily so no one else is hurt. Then you start building a better bridge—or more accurately, many bridges—as States develop their own plans for providing truly affordable health care to replace the old bridge. Finally, when the new bridges are finished, you close the old bridge. That is how we propose to proceed: to rescue those trapped in a failing system that is ObamaCare, to replace that system with a functional market or markets, and then repeal ObamaCare for good. First, we will offer a rescue plan so that the 11 million Americans who buy insurance now on the exchanges can continue to do so while we build a bet-ter set of concrete, practical alter-natives. Second, we will build the better sys-tems. Note that I say systems, not one system. If anyone is expecting Senator MCCONNELL to roll a wheelbarrow onto the Senate floor with a great big com-prehensive Republican health care plan, they are going to be waiting a long time because we don’t believe in that. We don’t want to replace a failed ObamaCare Federal system with an-other failed Federal system. We want to create many systems across this country, step-by-step, to give Americans more choices of insur-ance that cost less. We will do this by moving more health care decisions out of Washington and into the hands of State and patients and by reducing harmful taxes. We will do it carefully, step-by-step, so that it is effective. Finally, we will repeal what remains of the law that did all of this damage and created all of this risk. That is what we will do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.025 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES196 January 10, 2017 
Here is what we will not do. This is not a bill for Medicare reform. That will be handled separately. Second, you won’t be disqualified from getting insurance if you have a preexisting health condition. If you are under the age of 26, you will still be able to be covered under your parents’ plan. That is what, in my opinion, we mean by repeal and replace ‘‘simulta-neously,’’ as the President-elect said, or ‘‘concurrently,’’ as Speaker R
YAN said. Here are three steps we will take be-ginning immediately. No. 1 is the res-cue plan. Six percent of Americans with insurance buy their insurance in this individual market, about two- thirds of those on the ObamaCare ex-changes. This is where today’s turmoil is. This is where the copays are up, the premiums are up, where insurance companies are pulling out of the mar-kets. While we build replacements, we want the 11 million Americans who now buy insurance on the exchanges to be able to continue to buy private in-surance. This will require Congress and the President to take action before March 1, which is when the insurance companies begin to decide whether they will offer insurance in these mar-kets during 2018. In general, the goal is to get as close as possible to allowing any State-ap-proved plan to count as health insur-ance under ObamaCare rules while we are transitioning to new systems. Among the actions that will help are to allow individuals to use their ObamaCare subsidies to purchase State-approved insurance outside the ObamaCare exchanges; to adjust ObamaCare’s special enrollment peri-ods; to approve the temporary continu-ation of cost-sharing subsidies for deductibles and copays; to allow States more flexibility to determine so-called essential health benefits, age rating rules, and small group restrictions; to expand health savings accounts; even-tually, to provide tax credits to help lower-income Americans buy insur-ance; and to repeal the individual man-date when new insurance market rules are in place. When the new administration re-writes the guidance on ObamaCare sec-tion 1332 State innovation waivers to allow for more State flexibility, States will have the authority to further inno-vate to build more modern health sys-tems. Now, second is employer insurance. Remember, that is where 61 percent of us get our insurance—on the job. We will repair the damage ObamaCare has done so that employers can offer em-ployees more personalized patient-cen-tered care. We will do that by repealing ObamaCare’s employer mandate pen-alty. We will allow States to determine the so-called essential health benefits and thereby lower costs for small busi-nesses. We will repeal ObamaCare’s re-strictions on grandfathered health plans, on wellness benefits, on small group plans, and provide more flexi-bility for small businesses so they can work together to buy insurance—a pro-posal for which the Senator from Wyo-ming has championed for years. This will mean more State authority, more choices, and lower costs for the 178 million Americans who obtain in-surance on the job. Third is Medicaid. Twenty-two per-cent of all insured Americans are cov-ered by Medicaid. We will give States more flexibility to offer those 62 mil-lion citizens more options by making Federal Medicaid waivers more flexi-ble. So in summary, we will first send in a rescue crew to repair temporarily a collapsing health care market so no one else is hurt. Second, step-by-step, we will build better systems—that give Americans access to truly affordable health care. We will do this by moving health care decisions out of Wash-ington, DC, and back to States and pa-tients. Finally, when our reforms become concrete practical alternatives, we will repeal the remaining parts of ObamaCare in order to repair the dam-age it has caused Americans. This is what I believe we mean when we say ObamaCare should be repealed and re-placed simultaneously and concur-rently. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from Tennessee, Mr. A
LEXANDER , who is also the chairman of the Health Committee—that is, the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee—for the succinct speech that he gave. I will be encour-aging everybody on both sides of the aisle to read that speech. I know that many were not here to listen. But it is a fault that we have in this Chamber. We often speak to an empty Chamber. But it is all recorded thanks to the people who do that for a job. You placed that so well that there should not be much doubt about what we are going to try to do. You heard it from the chairman of the Health Committee. He is the one that will be in charge of the health aspects of this. The Finance Committee is a part of the bill too. But they are in charge of the monetary part of this. But without the health care part, that does not work. I love the way you expressed that in the way of taking care of a col-lapsed bridge, because I think people across America do realize that the bridge on health care has collapsed and they want to know what we are going to do about it. You stated that very well. That should relax a lot of people. It probably won’t because of the process that we are in, but I certainly hope that it does. So I thank you for your words and your effort and know that it is in good hands as we lead it through this process. All that this resolution we are doing right now does is set it up so that this can be done. This really does not change any health care at this point. It sets it up so that we can do reconcili-ation, so that we can repeal what we can, so we can replace what we can, and then we can set up that system of bridges that will get us to the point where all Americans who want insur-ance can have insurance, but more im-portantly, so that all Americans can get the health care they need and de-serve. I thank the Senator for his com-ments. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I thank the distinguished chairman of the Budget Committee, who has spent a great deal of time on this. I like the way he put that because I think what we want to assure people of—at least, I think that is what almost all of us feel—is that this is step 1. It involves reforms, replacing, and repealing—as the President-elect has said, ‘‘simulta-neously,’’ and as the Speaker has said, ‘‘concurrently.’’ It involves not just one big system replaced by another big system. In our view, the one big system needs to be replaced step-by-step by many different systems as we move more decisions to the States. For example, on employer insurance, or people who get their insurance on the job, we know right now steps that we can take to repeal ObamaCare, which damaged the employer system and which increased costs for employ-ers. I remember sitting around with a group of restaurant company chief ex-ecutive officers 6 years ago when ObamaCare passed. They pointed out that they were going have to hire fewer people to afford the cost of ObamaCare. We don’t want that to happen. We would like for them to be able to hire more people and to offer more people insurance. How would we do that? Well, if we repeal the Washington rules in an orderly way and transfer back to the States responsibility for regulating most insurance, the insurance commis-sioners have told us they believe they can do that very well—do it one way in South Dakota, another way in Ten-nessee, another way in Wyoming, and fit the needs of that community, re-duce costs, increase choices, and have truly affordable health care. So we can repeal those provisions that interfere with employer insurance and make sure that that repeal does not go into effect until South Dakota, Wyoming, Tennessee, and other parts of the market have in place concrete practical alternatives so they go to-gether. But we have to get started. This is step 1. Now, we can do the same with Med-icaid. We have a former Governor of South Dakota in the Chair. Governors spend most of their time trying to fig-ure out how to afford Medicaid. They almost feel that, if Washington would just allow the States to have more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.030 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S197 January 10, 2017 
flexibility in terms of how the avail-able money is spent, we could cover more people better, offer more options. Well, we can do that. But we are not going to do that tomorrow. We will have to sit down with the Governors and say: How do you suggest we do this? Then, as we do that, we can re-peal the extensive Federal regulation that creates a jungle of redtape for Medicaid. But it only would take effect as the States tell us that there are con-crete practical alternatives in effect. So this is the step-by-step way to go about making those kind of changes. Finally, as the Senator said, we have to have a rescue team here. I mean, the ObamaCare market is in turmoil. It is only 6 percent of all of those who have insurance, but that is millions of peo-ple. If we don’t act before March 1 to make sure insurance companies are selling into those markets, we will have many millions of people who will not be able to buy insurance. This will be, as I said, like having a bus ticket in a hometown with no buses running. So that is really one of the first things we have to do—get that rescue team going. I like the analogy of the collapsing bridge. ObamaCare is col-lapsing in Tennessee, and I would say it is around the country, if you have one-third of the counties where you can only choose insurance from one company. So, if a bridge is collapsing, you send in a crew to deal with that emergency so no one else is hurt. Then you start building these new bridges. After a while, in a prudent way, as you build each of those systems, as States build their systems, then you close that old broken-down bridge that was damaging so many people. So that is an orderly way to go about things. I hope that, over time, we will have bipartisan support for these. We need a consensus. We don’t, in the end, want to have just a partisan bill. But we have been acting like the Hatfields and McCoys in West Virginia for 6 years, arguing with each other about ObamaCare—Republicans and Demo-crats. So it may take a little while to get there. But we can start, and we are starting under the leadership of Sen-ator E
NZI. Then, we will move concur-rently and simultaneously to reform, replace, and repeal ObamaCare so that Americans have access to truly afford-able insurance. By the time we get to that, I am hopeful that we will begin to have a consensus within this body that involves Democrats and Republicans both. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I only need to add one footnote to that fantastic summary; that is, that the Senator from Tennessee is the chairman of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee. For years we heard about the difficulties with No Child Left Behind. There were a lot of efforts to build a different bridge, and they never got completed within the time-frame that was necessary, even though both sides recognized there was a prob-lem. The Senator from Tennessee under-took that, got bipartisan solutions on it, and put forward a bill that did kind of what we are talking about with ObamaCare. It sent it back to the States. It got rid of the national school boards, and that passed, I think, with 88 votes in the Senate. That is very bi-partisan. That is the kind of an effort he puts forth. You can tell from the comments he has made about what we need to do that he has that well in mind, and I am certain some from the other side will join us to make sure we can get that done as well. I thank the Senator, and I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum, and I ask unanimous consent that the time be equally divided. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I rise to express my strong opposition to partisan attempts to engage in a fast- track process to take health insurance away from hundreds of thousands of in-dividuals in my State and millions across our country. In Michigan alone, 887,000 people are in jeopardy of losing their health coverage if Republicans have their way and repeal the Afford-able Care Act without a replacement. Important protections for people with preexisting conditions will disappear. Not only will they lose them but so will their spouses and children. We will be repealing reforms that have benefitted seniors and saved more than 5 million beneficiaries an average of over $1,000 in drug costs in 2015. Re-pealing the Affordable Care Act will significantly increase drug costs for those seniors and threaten long-term solvency for Medicare. Republicans are rushing a process that increases Medi-care costs for seniors and weakens the program for future generations. Our Nation’s seniors have worked hard their entire lives, and they deserve our best efforts to ensure they can depend on Medicare to help them enjoy a dig-nified and secure retirement. Over 1 million seniors are enrolled in Medicare in Michigan, and they de-serve a health care program that will cover the costs of prescription drugs and other health care services they need. Since 1965, Medicare has done a tremendous job of giving seniors the care they need, and we should be work-ing to strengthen this successful pro-gram, not putting it at risk. Let’s be clear. Reforms in the ACA extend the solvency of Medicare by over a decade. Let me say that again. It extends the solvency of Medicare for over a decade. Given these challenges, we have to ask: Why are we rushing to dismantle these reforms? We are rushing a process that will ul-timately hurt the Medicare Program, our Nation’s seniors, and so many oth-ers. Many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle suggest that we can simply keep or quickly reinstate the popular parts of this law, such as pre-venting discrimination based on pre-existing conditions, allowing children to stay on their parents’ coverage until they are 26, and helping seniors afford their prescriptions. I would pose this simple question to any of my col-leagues advocating for repeal: What comes next? Show us your plan. Just show us your plan. Former Governor Cuomo of New York famously said: ‘‘You can cam-paign in poetry, but govern in prose.’’ We are now facing a majority that campaigned on a bumper sticker and is trying to govern with an IOU. Enacting a repeal of the ACA that takes effect at some undetermined point in the future will create chaos in our insurance mar-kets. Health care reform is not a stand- alone program that can be removed overnight without creating widespread ramifications for our economy. Yesterday, I attended the North American International Auto Show in Detroit. As a Michigander, I am always thinking about cars. Let me suggest an analogy. Many Republicans in Congress talk about the ACA like it is some sort of after-market addition on a car—a flashy rear spoiler, perhaps, or new rims that can just be unbolted and re-moved. Well, the ACA is actually like the antilock brakes that keep a driver from getting into an accident in the first place and the airbags that deploy to protect everyone inside when the worst happens. I agree that our health care system needs a tuneup, but we cannot start ripping out safety features without a plan to help keep us safe on the road. We need to fix the Affordable Care Act. We need to do more for small business owners who want to do right by their employees and provide them with qual-ity, affordable health care coverage. I have offered and supported several proposals to fix the Affordable Care Act, including measures to help our Nation’s small businesses. I am ready to work with my colleagues across the aisle to improve this law. However, re-pealing the ACA without showing the American people their plan for replace-ment is quite simply irresponsible. I understand Americans want to see positive changes to the Affordable Care Act, and I agree with them. We should be working together to enact bipar-tisan improvements through regular order, not fast-tracking repeal. The fact is that most Americans do not want to have this law repealed en-tirely. In the New York Times, a woman named Patricia Meadows from Macomb County, MI, who voted for President-Elect Trump, stated that she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.031 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES198 January 10, 2017 
hoped that President-Elect Trump would not repeal the Affordable Care Act. Ms. Meadows revealed that, be-cause of the Affordable Care Act, her daughter was able to obtain insurance coverage for just $50 a month. Another constituent from my State, Ben Irwin, revealed to CNN that the Affordable Care Act allowed him to take his dream job at a small firm that didn’t provide health insurance. Be-cause of the ACA, Ben was able to get private insurance at an affordable cost. Without the ACA, he would have been forced to work at a larger company just to have access to affordable health care. Ben’s story is not unique. I heard from countless entrepreneurs that the Affordable Care Act ended job lock and has enabled them to start their own businesses and pursue careers and dreams they otherwise would not be able to pursue. I heard from a constituent in Saline, MI, who contacted my office to say that the ACA provided her with the coverage she needed to fight her son’s aggressive cancer. This same woman later discovered during her first ap-pointment, after gaining her own ACA coverage, that she, too, had cancer. The ACA gave her and her son the cov-erage they needed to fight their cancer without fear of being kicked off of their insurance plan. I have also heard from a father in Traverse City, MI. He contacted my of-fice to say that the expanded health coverage under the ACA literally saved his son’s life. Before the ACA, his son only had access to emergency room care. His father often wondered: Why is it that I had to wait until my son tried to kill himself before I could get help? Now, due to the ACA, this father and his son have the health coverage they need to appropriately treat his son’s mental illness. These stories are just a fraction of the thousands upon thousands of sto-ries my staff and I have heard about how the ACA has positively impacted people’s lives. I am asking my colleagues to just take a moment and think about the in-dividuals they will be hurting. We are talking about mothers and fathers, children, seniors, and even our Nation’s veterans. As a former lieutenant commander in the U.S. Navy Reserve, I understand the tremendous sacrifice our men and women in uniform undertake to defend our freedom. I believe we have a duty to honor their service to the best of our ability, both during and after service. Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, hundreds of thousands of un-insured veterans have gained insurance coverage. Between 2013 and 2015, when key provisions of the Affordable Care Act were implemented, such as the Medicaid expansion and the private ex-change, the number of uninsured vet-erans decreased by 42 percent. Unin-sured rates for spouses of veterans and their dependents have decreased as well. These veterans represent a small fraction of the individuals this fast- track process will hurt. I have proposed an amendment that will simply require Republicans to show us their plan for providing these veterans the health care benefits they deserve before they vote to repeal the ACA and take it away. Every American deserves to know what will happen to their health benefits before Repub-licans vote to take them away. Please, just show us your plan. But our Nation’s veterans, who have risked their lives and health to keep us safe, should have the right of knowing how Republicans will ensure that vet-erans who gained health care coverage following enactment of the ACA do not lose their coverage. The damage of repealing the ACA stretches beyond affected individuals and families. It will disrupt hospitals and businesses and create tremendous economic uncertainty. Hospitals in my State, especially rural facilities, are absolutely terrified about what the ACA repeal means for them and their ability to stay open and to serve patients in their community. Executives from two hospitals in the rural Upper Peninsula of Michigan have told my office about how coverage expansions under ACA have allowed many critical access hospitals in Michigan’s rural communities to afford their operations for the first time ever. If the ACA is repealed, they tell me that these critical access hospitals will be forced to close—forcing residents in rural communities to drive over 2 hours to seek hospital care. A recent report by the Urban Insti-tute predicts that if the ACA is re-pealed without replacement, uncom-pensated care costs sought from hos-pitals and doctors will reach $1.7 tril-lion over the next 10 years. This will bankrupt many of our Nation’s hos-pitals, killing jobs, and severely lim-iting access for their patients. We can and must do better. We owe the American people a better health care system and not a bigger deficit. Unfortunately, that is exactly what we are going to be getting under repeal. This budget resolution before us would increase annual deficits by up-wards of $1 trillion. It will add more than $9 trillion to the Federal debt over 10 years, leaving our entire econ-omy on shaky ground, while ripping health care from millions of Ameri-cans. In their rush to repeal the ACA and fulfill years of campaign promises, I am concerned my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have not fully considered the far-reaching ramifica-tions their actions might have. They have refused to slow this process down and fully think through the actions they are about to take. A University of Michigan study pub-lished in the New England Journal of Medicine just last week found that Medicaid expansion in my State alone generates at least 30,000 jobs every year. In addition, a recent study by the nonpartisan and independent Common-wealth Fund found that the ACA repeal could lead to significant economic dis-ruption and substantial job losses in every State, including over 100,000 pri-vate sector jobs in Michigan and 2.6 million jobs around our Nation. By any and all means, the level of uncertainty repealing the ACA will create is bad business practice, and I assure my colleagues that it is very bad for business. We owe it to our con-stituents to do our homework, to gov-ern with facts, and to be informed. Republicans have refused to listen to health care experts who tell them that enacting a repeal of the ACA will cause insurance premiums to skyrocket. Re-publicans have refused to listen to economists when they tell them this will spike our national debt and lead to substantial job losses. Republicans have refused to listen when the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office has told them that repealing the Af-fordable Care Act will cause millions of Americans to lose their health cov-erage. And Republicans have refused to listen when actuaries state that the ACA repeal will weaken Medicare and increase drug costs for seniors. Republicans have refused to listen when Democrats have simply asked them to slow down, come to the table, and work in a bipartisan way to find solutions to make the health care sys-tem work even better. Instead, Repub-licans have opted to move full steam ahead with this process that will cer-tainly make America sick again. Why move forward with this fast- track process to repeal the Affordable Care Act? Why repeal all of the great things that Americans appreciate about the Affordable Care Act instead of just making it better? Republicans are trying to take us backwards. They are moving ahead with a dangerous process that will hurt working-class Americans, hurt seniors, and hurt our Nation’s most vulnerable, while providing a huge payout for wealthy Americans and special inter-ests. Republicans are voting to give bil-lions in tax breaks to corporations and the wealthy and raising taxes on the rest of us. The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center estimates that the top 1 percent of earners would get an average tax cut of about $33,000 and individuals in the top one-tenth of 1 percent would get an av-erage tax cut of about $197,000. If you are not in this group of American earn-ers, then tough luck. This legislation will not help you. We need to get serious, put politics aside, and do what is best for the American people. This fast track re-peal of the Affordable Care Act is not the answer. I stand ready and willing to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make our Nation’s health care system better. We cannot simply repeal this law and leave the American people with another empty IOU. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.033 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S199 January 10, 2017 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BEARS EARS NATIONAL MONUMENT Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on De-cember 28, 2016, President Obama des-ignated the Bears Ears National Monu-ment in Southern Utah, and I wish to commend him on protecting these im-portant lands. This designation is an important step forward in the con-servation of some of southern Utah’s important national treasures. The 1.35-million acre monument, which spans from forested mesas to redrock canyons and plateaus, will pro-tect the region’s abundant cultural re-sources, including well-preserved cliff dwellings, rock and art panels, arti-facts, and Native American burials. The Bears Ears National Monument, which derives its name from twin buttes that lie at the heart of the ma-jestic Cedar Mesa, was requested by a coalition of five Native American tribes that united to protect a land-scape revered in their shared histories and cultures. The Hopi Tribe, the Nav-ajo Nation, the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe, the Pueblo of Zuni, and the Ute Indian Tribe have all passed through the area at some time, leaving behind scores of fragile dwellings, pottery, petroglyphs, and pictographs. The Bears Ears region is a living natural and cultural landscape, where the peo-ple of these tribes still use the lands to collect herbs and medicines and pass their stories to the next generation. I have fought to protect this area’s resources through the America’s Red Rock Wilderness Act, a bill I have in-troduced every Congress since 1997. My bill would safeguard 9.2 million acres of wilderness in Utah—some of the last great wild places in the lower 48 States. Historically, national monuments have been the first step in protecting some of our most beloved public lands—the Grand Canyon, the Grand Tetons, and indeed, four of Utah’s five national parks. Not only do these monuments help preserve precious habitat, landscapes, and history, they create jobs and invigorate nearby com-munities. President Obama’s decision to pro-tect the Bears Ears came after signifi-cant public input in Utah, with the ad-ministration holding multiple listening sessions. Those sessions made clear that even diverse stakeholders agreed the Bears Ears is special and needs to be protected. It is the right decision for the present, and it is the right decision for the future. Republican President Theodore Roo-sevelt signed the Antiquities Act into law in 1906, and a review of its history and its controversy showed that, time and again, the temporary anger over designated lands was overshadowed by the long-term benefits to our Nation. Teddy Roosevelt said it best, ‘‘Of all the questions which can come before this nation, short of the actual preser-vation of its existence in a great war, there is none which compares in impor-tance with the great central task of leaving this land even a better land for our descendants than it is for us.’’ I urge my colleagues to join me in celebrating the Bears Ears National Monument and defending it and the Antiquities Act that made it possible. 
f 
SENATOR DIANNE FEINSTEIN BE-COMING RANKING MEMBER OF THE SENATE JUDICIARY COM-MITTEE Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today, the Senate Judiciary Committee con-venes for the first time in the 115th Congress, and we mark an historic mo-ment in the committee’s 200-year his-tory. Last week, Senator D
IANNE FEIN-
STEIN was named the committee’s ranking member, the first time in American history that a woman has served in this capacity. It is striking that 352 Members have served on the committee, and only six of those—all Democrats—have been women. Three of those six women are proudly serving on this important committee today: Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN , Senator K LOBUCHAR , and Senator H
IRONO , whom we welcome back to the committee. Senator F
EINSTEIN has long been a leading voice on this committee. I have enjoyed working with her on countless issues ranging from national security to immigration reform to Supreme Court nominations. Senator F
EINSTEIN  has broken down barriers throughout her career, and her new role as ranking member of the Judiciary Committee is only the latest example. As the com-mittee grapples with some of the most pressing issues facing our country, we will all be counting on Ranking Mem-ber F
EINSTEIN ’s leadership. We should all congratulate her on this historic moment. 
f 
REMEMBERING DR. PIERS SELLERS Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, on De-cember 23, 2016, the world lost a true hero. Dr. Piers Sellers was a scientist and an astronaut, having flown three times on the space shuttle. On his first mis-sion, he flew aboard the Space Shuttle Atlantis to the International Space Station, where he completed nearly 20 hours of space walks outfitting and as-sembling the orbiting outpost. Several years later, following the tragic loss of the Space Shuttle Colum-bia, Piers returned to space and to the International Space Station aboard Discovery, carrying out the second of two test flights NASA needed to test critical on-orbit inspection and repair procedures resulting from the Colum-bia accident investigation. On his third and final mission, he once more flew aboard Atlantis to the ISS. On this mission, he served as the robotics officer, again playing a key role in assembling and outfitting the space station. His career as an astronaut exploring the frontier of space is by itself suffi-cient to justify Piers’ status as a na-tional hero; yet his service as an astro-naut and explorer is a small subset of the contributions Piers made to our country and to our entire civilization. Piers was a renowned climate sci-entist, specializing in using computer modeling and space-based observations to understand and predict the dynam-ics of our changing planet. He was also a brilliant communicator, whether tes-tifying at a Commerce Committee field hearing in Miami about the impending dangers of sea level rise or standing in front of NASA’s ‘‘hyperwall’’ video sys-tem narrating stunning and inform-ative visualizations of the massive data sets that embody the ‘‘vital signs’’ of planet Earth. Countless policymakers, industry leaders, and even other sci-entists owe much of their under-standing of the complex interactions of Earth’s systems and of the alarming and undeniable signs that our civiliza-tion’s carbon emissions are warming the planet to Piers. Yet Piers’ most heroic deed may be the decision he made shortly after being diagnosed with stage IV pan-creatic cancer. He simply decided to keep going to work. To those that knew Piers, this was no surprise. A three-time shuttle astronaut and very capable manager, scientist, and engi-neer, Piers no doubt had many lucra-tive offers for employment following his final shuttle flight in 2010. Instead he chose to remain a civil servant sci-entist at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center because he felt that was where he could contribute most to the future of our home planet. A few years later, when Piers received the devastating news that he had not long to live, he chose to spend his remaining time con-tinuing his work at NASA and commu-nicating climate science to the public in the calm and charming manner that was uniquely his. In a short video Piers recorded short-ly before his death, despite his body having been ravaged by cancer and surely knowing that he had very little time left, he appeared as cheerful and hopeful as ever. In the video, he said 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.034 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES200 January 10, 2017 
‘‘to reach a safer future, we will need the resources of everybody here. The scientists, the policy makers, and the industrialists, all working together to-wards a common goal. And that goal is a planet that can continue to support life, including all of us.’’ These words are even more powerful knowing that they came from a man who contributed the most precious re-source available to him—the small number of days he had remaining in his life—toward the common goal he speaks of. We would do well to follow the advice of Piers and to follow his heroic exam-ple. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 12:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 302. An act to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a sec-ondary State. H.R. 304. An act to amend the Controlled Substances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services. H.R. 309. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and coordination of clinical care for people with a complex metabolic or autoinnnnune disease, a disease resulting from insulin deficiency or insulin resistance, or complications caused by such a disease, and for other purposes. H.R. 315. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health profes-sional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. H.R. 353. An act to improve the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of investment on affordable and attainable advances in observational, computing, and modeling capabilities to support substantial improvement in weather forecasting and pre-diction of high impact weather events, to ex-pand commercial opportunities for the provi-sion of weather data, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 302. An act to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a sec-ondary State; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 304. An act to amend the Controlled Substances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 309. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and coordination of clinical care for people with a complex metabolic or autoimmune disease, a disease resulting from insulin deficiency or insulin resistance, or complications caused by such a disease, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 315. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute maternity care health professionals to health profes-sional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–273. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Propiconazole; Extension of Pesticide Tolerance for Emergency Exemptions’’ (FRL No. 9956–54) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–274. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Methyl Isobutyrate and Isobutyl Iso-butyrate; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9955–82) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 28, 2016; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–275. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Isobutyl acetate and isobutyric acid; Exemption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9950–40) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–276. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Butanedioic acid, 2-methylene-, telomer with sodium phosphinate (1:1), acidi-fied, potassium salts; Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9954–53) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–277. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Acequinocyl; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9956–85) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–278. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Tetraconazole; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9955–74) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–279. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to violations of the Antideficiency Act that in-volved fiscal years 2006 through 2010 Air Force Operations and Maintenance funds, and was assigned case number 12–01; to the Committee on Appropriations. EC–280. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, Board of Actuaries, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 2016 Report of the Department of Defense (DoD) Board of Actuaries; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–281. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Com-merce Control List: Updates Based on the 2015 and 2016 Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) Plenary Meetings; Conforming Changes and Corrections to Certain Nuclear Nonprolifera-tion (NP) Controls’’ (RIN0694–AH20) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–282. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Alaska; Subsistence Collections’’ (RIN1024–AE28) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 30, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–283. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘State of Kentucky Underground In-jection Control (UIC) Class II Program; Withdrawal of Primacy Approval’’ (FRL No. 9925747–OW) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–284. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘State of Kentucky Underground In-jection Control (UIC) Class II Program; Pri-macy Approval’’ (FRL No. 9957–48–OW) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–285. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Extension of Deadline for Action on the November 2016 Section 126 Petition From Maryland’’ (FRL No. 9957–29–OAR) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–286. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Extension of Deadline for Action on the November 2016 Section 126 Petition From Delaware’’ (FRL No. 9957–28–OAR) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Decem-ber 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–287. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Clean Water Act Methods Update Rule for the Analysis of Effluent’’ (FRL No. 9957–24–OW) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–288. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, South Coast Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9955–94–Region 9) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.029 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S201 January 10, 2017 
the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–289. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Great Basin Unified Air Pollution Con-trol District’’ (FRL No. 9955–62–Region 9) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–290. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; New York Prevention of Significant Deterioration of Air Quality and Nonattainment New Source Review; Infra-structure State Implementation Plan Re-quirements’’ (FRL No. 9957–08–Region 2) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–291. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; Infra-structure SIP Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9957–16–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–292. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; KY; RACM Deter-mination for the KY Portion of the Louis-ville Area 1997 Annual PM2.5’’ (FRL No. 9957– 39–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–293. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Volatile Organic Compounds Definition’’ (FRL No. 9955–89–Region 5) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–294. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Georgia: Proce-dures for Testing and Monitoring Sources of Air Pollutants’’ (FRL No. 9957–52–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–295. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to National Emission Standards for Radon Emissions from Oper-ating Mill Tailings’’ (FRL No. 9957–54–OAR) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–296. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revision to the Near-road NO2 Min-imum Monitoring Requirements’’ ((RIN2060– AS71) (FRL No. 9957–78–OAR)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–297. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Partial Approval and Partial Dis-approval of Attainment Plan for the Idaho Portion of the Logan, Utah/Idaho PM2.5 Non-attainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9957–16–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–298. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Consolidated Rules of Practice Gov-erning the Administrative Assessment of Civil Penalties, Issuance of Compliance or Corrective Action Orders, and the Revoca-tion/Termination or Suspension of Permits; Procedures for Decisionmaking’’ (FRL No. 9956–53–OARM) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–299. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Arizona Air Plan Revi-sions; Ajo and Morenci, Arizona; Second 10- Year Sulfur Dioxide Maintenance Plans and Technical Corrections’’ (FRL No. 9957–64–Re-gion 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–300. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Rhode Island; Clean Air Act Infrastructure State and Federal Imple-mentation Plans’’ (FRL No. 9957–27–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–301. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Louisiana; State Boards’’ (FRL No. 9956–45–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–302. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Redesigna-tion of the Cleveland, Ohio Area to Attain-ment of the 2008 Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9957–80–Region 5) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 28, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–303. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Uniform National Discharge Stand-ards for Vessels of the Armed Forces—Phase II Batch One’’ ((RIN2040–AD39) (FRL No. 9957–85–OW)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–304. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the Guideline on Air Quality Models: Enhancements to the AERMOD Dispersion Modeling System and Incorporation of Approaches to Address Ozone and Fine Particulate Matter’’ ((RIN2060–AS54) (FRL No. 9956–23–OAR)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–305. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants’’ ((RIN2040–AS90) (FRL No. 9958–01–OAR)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–306. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Determination of Nonattainment and Reclassification of the Houston-Galveston- Brazoria 2008 8-hour Ozone Nonattainment Area; Texas; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9957–57– Region 6) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–307. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Electronic Reporting and Record-keeping Requirements for New Source Per-formance Standards’’ ((RIN2060–AP63) (FRL No. 9957–67–OAR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–308. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Chemical Substances When Manufac-tured or Processed as Nanoscale Materials; TSCA Reporting and Recordkeeping Require-ments’’ ((RIN2070–AJ54) (FRL No. 9957–81)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–309. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Control of Air Pol-lution from Visible Emissions and Particu-late Matter’’ (FRL No. 9956–55–Region 6) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–310. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Alabama; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9957–93–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–311. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; TN Infrastructure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.011 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES202 January 10, 2017 
Requirements for the 2010 NO2 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9957–90–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–312. A communication from the Legal Counsel, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of General Counsel, received in the office of the President pro tempore of the Senate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–313. A communication from the Deputy Director, Health Resources and Services Ad-ministration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘340B Drug Pricing Program Ceiling Price and Manufac-turer Civil Monetary Penalties Regulation’’ (RIN0906–AA89) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–314. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Education Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–315. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Government Ethics, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Annual Financial Report for the Office of Government Ethics for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–316. A communication from the Senior Manager, Equal Opportunity Compliance, Tennessee Valley Authority, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Authority’s fiscal year 2015 annual report relative to the Notifica-tion and Federal Employee Antidiscrimina-tion and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–317. A communication from the Chair-man, Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Board’s fiscal year 2016 Performance and Ac-countability Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–318. A communication from the Chair of the Board of Directors, Office of Compli-ance, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to recommendations for improve-ments to the Congressional Accountability Act; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–319. A communication from the Vice President (Acting) for Congressional and Public Affairs, Millennium Challenge Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corporation’s Agency Financial Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–320. A communication from the Sec-retary, Judicial Conference of the United States, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Report on the Continuing Need for Authorized Bankruptcy Judge-ships’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–321. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agency, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revision of Import and Export Requirements for Con-trolled Substances, Listed Chemicals, and Tableting and Encapsulating Machines, In-cluding Changes To Implement the Inter-national Trade Data System (ITDS); Revi-sion of Reporting Requirements for Domestic Transactions in Listed Chemicals and Tableting and Encapsulating Machines; and Technical Amendments’’ ((RIN1117–AB41) (Docket No. DEA–403)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–322. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agency, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances; Temporary Place-ment of Furanyl Fentanyl Into Schedule I’’ (Docket No. DEA–448) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–323. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agency, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of a New Drug Code for Marihuana Ex-tract’’ ((RIN1117–AB33) (Docket No. DEA– 342)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–324. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agency, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Temporary Place-ment of U–47700 Into Schedule I’’ (Docket No. DEA–440) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–325. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to violations of the Antideficiency Act that in-volved fiscal year 2007 Operations and Main-tenance, Army, and was assigned case num-ber 16–05; to the Committee on Appropria-tions. EC–326. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Export Administra-tion, Bureau of Industry and Security, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Ad-dition of Certain Persons and Revisions to Entries on the Entity List; and Removal of a Person from the Entity List’’ (RIN0694–AH23) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–327. A communication from the Assist-ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commu-nity Reinvestment Act Regulations’’ (RIN7100–AE64) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–328. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Burma: Amendment of the Export Administration Regulations Consistent with an Executive Order that Terminated U.S. Government’s Sanctions’’ (RIN0694–AH18) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–329. A communication from the Chair-woman of the Federal Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s fiscal year 2016 Agency Financial Re-port; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–330. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–537, ‘‘Access to Emergency Epinephrine in Schools Clarification Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–331. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–538, ‘‘Kennedy Street, N.W., Economic Development and Small Business Revitalization Advisory Committee Estab-lishment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–332. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–539, ‘‘Commission on Climate Change and Resiliency Establishment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–333. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–540, ‘‘Substance Abuse and Opioid Overdose Prevention Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–334. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–541, ‘‘Driver’s License Fair Access and Equality Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–335. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–542, ‘‘Statute of Limitations Clarifying Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–336. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–543, ‘‘Electronic Cigarette Parity Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–337. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–544, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Support Clarification Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–338. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–545, ‘‘Prohibition Against Selling Tobacco Products to Individuals Under 21 Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–339. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–546, ‘‘Department of Motor Vehicles Reform Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–340. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–547, ‘‘International Registra-tion Plan Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–341. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–548, ‘‘Sporting Events Tobacco Products Restriction Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–342. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–549, ‘‘Improving Access to Identity Documents Amendment Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.013 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S203 January 10, 2017 
2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–343. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–552, ‘‘Enhanced Penalties for Distracted Driving Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–344. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–553, ‘‘Rent Control Hardship Petition Limitation Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–345. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–554, ‘‘Commemorative Flag Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–346. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–555, ‘‘Adult Protective Serv-ices Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–347. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–556, ‘‘Vacant Property En-forcement Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–348. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–557, ‘‘Feminine Hygiene and Diaper Sales Tax Exemption Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–349. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–558, ‘‘Charitable Solicitations Relief Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–350. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–559, ‘‘Department of Motor Vehicles Extension of Deadlines Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–351. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–560, ‘‘Food, Environmental, and Economic Development in the District of Columbia Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–352. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–561, ‘‘Extension of Time to Dispose of the Stevens School Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–353. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–562, ‘‘Revised Wage Theft Pre-vention Clarification Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–354. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–563, ‘‘Public School Nurse As-signment Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–355. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–564, ‘‘Automatic Voter Reg-istration Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–356. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–565, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Om-nibus Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–357. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–566, ‘‘Residential Lease Clari-fication Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–358. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–567, ‘‘Relocation Expenses Recoupment and Lien Authority Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–359. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–568, ‘‘Strengthening Youth Services and Rehabilitation Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–360. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–569, ‘‘Specialty License Plate Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–361. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–570, ‘‘Department of Consumer and Regulatory Affairs Community Partner-ship Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–362. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–571, ‘‘Student Loan Ombuds-man Establishment and Servicing Regula-tion Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–363. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–577, ‘‘Death with Dignity Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–364. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–578, ‘‘Sale of Synthetic Drugs Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–365. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–579, ‘‘Georgia Avenue Retail Priority Area Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–366. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–580, ‘‘Foster Parents State-ment of Rights and Responsibilities Amend-ment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–367. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–581, ‘‘Protecting Students Digital Privacy Act of 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–368. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–582, ‘‘Planning Actively for Comprehensive Education Facilities Amend-ment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–369. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘General Services Ad-ministration Acquisition Regulation (GSAR); Fair Opportunity Complaints on GSA Contracts’’ (RIN3090–AJ79) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 9, 2017; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–370. A communication from the Archi-vist of the United States, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the gift of a Learning Center and other physical improve-ments for the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Museum in Grand Rapids, Michigan; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–371. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules of Practice and Procedure’’ (RIN3064– AE52) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 5, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–372. A communication from the Regu-latory Specialist of the Legislative and Reg-ulatory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Availability of Information Under the Freedom of Informa-tion Act’’ (RIN1557–AE12) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 4, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–373. A communication from the Regu-latory Specialist of the Legislative and Reg-ulatory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Receiverships for Uninsured National Banks’’ (RIN1557– AE07) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 9, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–374. A communication from the Regu-latory Specialist of the Legislative and Reg-ulatory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Industrial and Commercial Metals’’ (RIN1557–AD93) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2017; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–375. A communication from the Para-legal, Federal Transit Administration, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Co-ordination and Planning Area Reform’’ (RIN2132–AB28) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–376. A communication from the Attor-ney Advisor, Federal Highway Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.015 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES204 January 10, 2017 
entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organiza-tion Coordination and Planning Area Re-form’’ (RIN2125–AF68) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 4, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–377. A communication from the Admin-istrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to In-spection Application Requirements’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–16–0063) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–378. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘DoD Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Program’’ (RIN0790–AI24) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2017; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–379. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Department of Defense Per-sonnel Security Program Regulation’’ (RIN0790–AJ55) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–380. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program: Test Procedures for Compres-sors’’ (RIN1904–AD43) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of Senate on January 6, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–381. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program: Test Procedures for Central Air Conditioners and Heat Pumps’’ (RIN1904– AD71) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of Sen-ate on January 6, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–382. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Office of Fossil Energy, De-partment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, an annual report relative to the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve for calendar year 2014; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–383. A communication from the Chair-man, Medicare Payment Advisory Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Medical Malpractice: Evidence on Reform Alternatives and Claims Involving Elderly Patients’’; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–384. A communication from the Federal Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and To-bacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendments To Streamline Importation of Distilled Spir-its, Wine, Beer, Malt Beverages, Tobacco Products, Processes Tobacco, and Cigarette Papers and Tubes and Facilitate Use of the International Trade Data System’’ (RIN1513– AC15) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 6, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–385. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress: Improving Medicare Post-Acute Care Transformation (IMPACT) Act of 2014 Strategic Plan for Accessing Race and Eth-nicity Data’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–386. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2017 Section 1274A CPI Adjustments’’ (Rev. Rul. 2016–30) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 5, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–387. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Syndicated Con-servation Easement Transactions’’ (Notice 2017–10) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 5, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–388. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Section 831(b) Micro-Captive Transactions’’ (Notice 2017–08) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 9, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–389. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Maintaining cer-tification as a certified professional em-ployer organization’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–14) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 5, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–390. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Updated FFI Agreement’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–16) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 9, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–391. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Qualified Inter-mediary Agreement’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–15) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 9, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–392. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Procedure 2017–14’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–14) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 9, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–393. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Procedure 2017–5’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–5) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 9, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–394. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Procedure 2017–3’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–3) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 9, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–395. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Definitions and Re-porting Requirements for Shareholders of Passive Foreign Investment Companies’’ ((RIN1545–BK66) (TD 9806)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 5, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–396. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulations Re-garding Withholding of Tax on Certain U.S. Source Income Paid to Foreign Persons, In-formation Reporting and Backup With-holding on Payments Made to Certain U.S. Persons, and Portfolio Interest Treatment’’ ((RIN1545–BL17 and RIN1545–BN74) (TD 9808)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 9, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–397. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulations Relat-ing to Information Reporting by Foreign Fi-nancial Institutions and Withholding on Cer-tain Payments to Foreign Financial Institu-tions and Other Foreign Entities’’ ((RIN1545– BL72 and RIN1545–BN79) (TD 9809)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 9, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. CAPITO: S. 76. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide additional new mar-kets tax credits for distressed coal commu-nities; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. FLAKE: S. 77. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to repeal the forfeiture rule for pea-nuts under the nonrecourse marketing as-sistance loan program; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. J
OHNSON ): S. 78. A bill to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Fed-eral employees traveling on official Govern-ment business, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. C
RAPO ): S. 79. A bill to provide for the establish-ment of a pilot program to identify security vulnerabilities of certain entities in the en-ergy sector; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. R
ISCH): S. 80. A bill to protect the right of individ-uals to bear arms at water resources develop-ment projects; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 81. A bill to establish an advisory office within the Bureau of Consumer Protection of the Federal Trade Commission to prevent fraud targeting seniors, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.017 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S205 January 10, 2017 
S. 82. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the denial of deduc-tion for certain excessive employee remu-neration, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 83. A bill to authorize the National Science Foundation to support entrepre-neurial programs for women; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. M
CCAIN: S. 84. A bill to provide for an exception to a limitation against appointment of persons as Secretary of Defense within seven years of relief from active duty as a regular commis-sioned officer of the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 85. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the amendments made by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which disqualify expenses for over- the-counter drugs under health savings ac-counts and health flexible spending arrange-ments; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. F
LAKE ): S. 86. A bill to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to modify the termination date for the Vet-erans Choice Program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C
OTTON , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. B LUNT , and Mrs. F ISCH-
ER): S. 87. A bill to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal officials to protect our communities from violent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 88. A bill to ensure appropriate spectrum planning and interagency coordination to support the Internet of Things; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. C OTTON , and Mr. B OOZ-
MAN): S. 89. A bill to amend title 46, United States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within inland waterways from the fire-retardant materials requirement if the owners of such vessels make annual struc-tural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessels that are not constructed of fire-retardant materials and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 90. A bill to survey the gradient bound-ary along the Red River in the States of Oklahoma and Texas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 91. A bill to amend the Indian Employ-ment, Training and Related Services Dem-onstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the abil-ity of Indian tribes to integrate the employ-ment, training, and related services from di-verse Federal sources, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 92. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow for the per-sonal importation of safe and affordable drugs from approved pharmacies in Canada; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. GARD-
NER, and Mr. H ELLER ): S. 93. A bill to allow women greater access to safe and effective contraception; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C OTTON , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. F LAKE , and Mr. G
ARDNER ): S. Res. 9. A resolution honoring in praise and remembrance the extraordinary life, steady leadership, and remarkable, 70-year reign of King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thai-land; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. Res. 10. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the trafficking of illicit fentanyl into the United States from Mexico and China; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. P
AUL, and Mr. B ROWN ): S. Res. 11. A resolution encouraging the de-velopment of best business practices to fully utilize the potential of the United States; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 17 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 17, a bill to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to information. 
S. 27 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 27, a bill to establish an inde-pendent commission to examine and report on the facts regarding the ex-tent of Russian official and unofficial cyber operations and other attempts to interfere in the 2016 United States na-tional election, and for other purposes. 
S. 36 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 36, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide for ex-tensions of detention of certain aliens ordered removed, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 53 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 53, a bill to authorize and strengthen the tsunami detection, fore-cast, warning, research, and mitigation program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and for other purposes. S. 63 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 63, a bill to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Relations Act. 
S. 74 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 74, a bill to improve the ability of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, the Coast Guard, and coastal States to sustain healthy ocean and coastal ecosystems by maintaining and sustaining their capabilities relating to oil spill pre-paredness, prevention, response, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 6 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ), the Senator from Ten-nessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 6, a resolution objecting to United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 and to all efforts that undermine direct ne-gotiations between Israel and the Pal-estinians for a secure and peaceful set-tlement. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 9 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 17 in-tended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.009 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES206 January 10, 2017 
NELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 19 proposed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 26 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 27 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 28 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 29 in-tended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 30 intended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 3, a con-current resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 31 in-tended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. AMENDMENT NO . 32 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cospon-sors of amendment No. 32 intended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concur-rent resolution setting forth the con-gressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 33 in-tended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), the Senator from Mas-sachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 34 intended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 35 intended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 36 intended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 37 in-tended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. AMENDMENT NO . 49 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the names of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Sen-ator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 49 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concurrent resolution setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cospon-sors of amendment No. 54 intended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 3, a concur-rent resolution setting forth the con-gressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 82. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the de-nial of deduction for certain excessive employee remuneration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I am re-introducing the Stop Subsidizing Mul-timillion Dollar Corporate Bonuses Act with Senator B
LUMENTHAL . This legis-lation would end special tax exemp-tions for huge CEO bonuses by closing a glaring loophole that allows publicly traded corporations to deduct the cost of multimillion-dollar bonuses from their corporate tax bills. If executives perform, companies may compensate them however they wish, but U.S. tax-payers shouldn’t have to subsidize these massive bonuses. Under current tax law, when a pub-licly traded corporation calculates its taxable income, it is generally per-mitted to deduct the cost of compensa-tion from its revenues, with limits up to $1 million for some of the firm’s most senior executives. However, a loophole relating to performance-based compensation has allowed many public corporations to avoid such limits and freely deduct excessive executive com-pensation. To illustrate how this loop-hole works, if a CEO receives $1 million in cash compensation and $14 million in performance-based compensation in a given year, the public corporation’s taxable income would decline by $15 million. With the current corporate tax rate at 35 percent, the corporation in this case would receive a tax giveway of $5.25 million. The Stop Subsidizing Multimillion Dollar Corporate Bonuses Act puts an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.020 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S207 January 10, 2017 
end to that giveaway and limits public corporations to a single $1 million per employee deduction as was originally intended. Using the same example above, a profitable public corporation could deduct $1 million of the CEO’s $15 million compensation package but could not claim a deduction on the re-maining $14 million. So instead of claiming $5.25 million in Federal sub-sidies for the CEO’s pay, this public corporation will be contributing $4.9 million toward improving our roads, our schools, and our military—costs that middle-class families are already underwriting. Indeed, over a 10-year window, the Joint Committee on Taxation, in their most recent assessment, estimated that closing this loophole would save U.S. taxpayers over $50 billion. Specifically, our legislation first ap-plies section 162(m) of the Tax Code to all employees of publicly traded cor-porations so that all compensation is subject to a deductibility cap of $1 mil-lion. Publicly traded corporations would still be permitted to pay their executives as much as they desire, but compensation above and beyond $1 mil-lion would no longer be subsidized by other hard-working taxpayers through our Tax Code. Second, our bill removes the exemp-tion for performance-based compensa-tion, which currently permits com-pensation deductions above and beyond $1 million when executives have met performance benchmarks set by the corporation’s board of directors. As a result, publicly traded corporations would still be able to incentivize their executives, but all such incentives would be subject to a corporate deduct-ibility cap of $1 million. Finally, our legislation makes a technical correction to ensure that all publicly traded corporations that are required to provide quarterly and an-nual reports to their investors under Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations are subject to section 162(m). Currently, this section of the Tax Code only covers some pub-licly traded corporations who are re-quired to provide these periodic reports to their shareholders. Discouraging ex-travagant compensation packages shouldn’t turn on whether a publicly traded corporation falls into one SEC reporting requirement or another, and our bill closes this technical loophole. Even our President-elect has ac-knowledged the problem of excessive CEO pay. When asked about this issue on CBS’s ‘‘Face the Nation’’ on Sep-tember 13, 2015, then-Presidential Can-didate Trump said, ‘‘Well, it does bug me. It’s very hard if you have a free en-terprise system to do anything about that. The boards of companies are sup-posed to do it. But I know companies very well. And the CEO puts in all his friends. And so you will take a com-pany like, I could say Macy’s or many other companies, where they put in their friends as head of the company, and they get whatever they want, be-cause the friends love sitting on the board. So that’s a system that we have. And it’s a shame and it’s disgraceful. And, sometimes, the boards rule. But I would say it’s probably less than 10 percent. And you see these guys mak-ing these enormous amounts of money. It’s a total and complete joke.’’ Our legislation tackles this issue head on by ending the public subsidy of excessive CEO compensation, derailing the lavish tax breaks that exclusively benefit public corporations. This is simply a matter of fairness, ensuring that corporations—and not hard-work-ing taxpayers who face their own chal-lenges in this economy—are paying for the multimillion-dollar bonuses they have decided to dole out to their CEOs. We need to prioritize tax breaks that grow our economy and strengthen the middle class. This bill would eliminate some of the inequity in the Tax Code. Again, companies are free to pay their executives as much as they want, but the American taxpayer shouldn’t help foot the bill for a CEO’s multimillion- dollar bonus. I thank Public Citizen, Americans for Financial Reform, the AFL–CIO, Inter-national Brotherhood of Teamsters, and MIT professor Simon Johnson for their support. I also want to thank Senator B
LUMENTHAL for working with me on this issue, and I urge our col-leagues to join us in cosponsoring this legislation. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 90. A bill to survey the gradient boundary along the Red River in the States of Oklahoma and Texas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 90 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Red River Gradient Boundary Survey Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
FFECTED AREA .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘affected area’’ means land along the approximately 116-mile stretch of the Red River, from its confluence with the north fork of the Red River on the West to the 98th meridian on the east. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘affected area’’ does not include the portion of the Red River within the boundary depicted on the survey prepared by the Bureau of Land Management entitled ‘‘Township 5 South, Range 14 West, of the Indian Meridian, Oklahoma, Depend-ent Resurvey and Survey’’ and dated Feb-ruary 28, 2006. (2) G
RADIENT BOUNDARY SURVEY METHOD .— The term ‘‘gradient boundary survey meth-od’’ means the measurement technique used to locate the South Bank boundary line in accordance with the methodology estab-lished in Oklahoma v. Texas, 261 U.S. 340 (1923) (recognizing that the boundary line along the Red River is subject to change due to erosion and accretion). (3) LANDOWNER .—The term ‘‘landowner’’ means any individual, group, association, corporation, federally recognized Indian tribe or member of such an Indian tribe, or other private or governmental legal entity that owns an interest in land in the affected area. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management. (5) S
OUTH BANK .—The term ‘‘South Bank’’ means the water-washed and relatively per-manent elevation or acclivity (commonly known as a ‘‘cut bank’’) along the southerly or right side of the Red River that— (A) separates the bed of that river from the adjacent upland, whether valley or hill; and (B) usually serves, as specified in the fifth paragraph of Oklahoma v. Texas, 261 U.S. 340 (1923)— (i) to confine the waters within the bed; and (ii) to preserve the course of the river. (6) S
OUTH BANK BOUNDARY LINE .—The term ‘‘South Bank boundary line’’ means the boundary, with respect to title and owner-ship, between the States of Oklahoma and Texas identified through the gradient bound-ary survey method that does not impact or alter the permanent political boundary line between the States along the Red River, as outlined under article II, section B of the Red River Boundary Compact enacted by the States and consented to by Congress pursu-ant to Public Law 106–288 (114 Stat. 919). 
SEC. 3. SURVEY OF SOUTH BANK BOUNDARY LINE. 
(a) S URVEY REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall com-mission a survey to identify the South Bank boundary line in the affected area. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The survey shall— (A) adhere to the gradient boundary survey method; (B) span the length of the affected area; (C) be conducted by surveyors that are— (i) licensed and qualified to conduct offi-cial gradient boundary surveys; and (ii) selected jointly by and operating under the direction of— (I) the Texas General Land Office, in con-sultation with each affected federally recog-nized Indian tribe; and (II) the Oklahoma Commissioners of the Land Office, in consultation with the attor-ney general of the State of Oklahoma and each affected federally recognized Indian tribe; and (D) be completed not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) A
PPROVAL .— (1) S
TATE APPROVAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the survey under subsection (a)(1) is completed, the Secretary shall submit the survey for approval to— (i) the Texas General Land Office, in con-sultation with each affected federally recog-nized Indian tribe; and (ii) the Oklahoma Commissioners of the Land Office, in consultation with the attor-ney general of the State of Oklahoma and each affected federally recognized Indian tribe. (B) T
IMING OF APPROVAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the survey under subparagraph (A), the Texas General Land Office, in consultation with each af-fected federally recognized Indian tribe, and the Oklahoma Commissioners of the Land Office, in consultation with the attorney general of the State of Oklahoma and each affected federally recognized Indian tribe, shall determine whether to approve the sur-vey. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.023 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES208 January 10, 2017 
(C) S URVEYS OF INDIVIDUAL PARCELS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Surveys of individual par-cels in the affected area shall be conducted in accordance with this section. (ii) A
PPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL .—A survey of an individual parcel conducted under clause (i) shall be approved or disapproved, on an individual basis, by the Texas General Land Office, in consultation with each af-fected federally recognized Indian tribe, and the Oklahoma Commissioners of the Land Office, in consultation with the attorney general of the State of Oklahoma and each affected federally recognized Indian tribe, by not later than 60 days after the date of re-ceipt of the survey. (2) N
O FEDERAL APPROVAL REQUIRED .—The survey conducted under subsection (a)(1), and any survey of an individual parcel de-scribed in paragraph (1)(C), shall not be sub-mitted to the Secretary for approval. (c) N
OTICES .— (1) S
ECRETARY .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which a survey for an indi-vidual parcel is approved by the Texas Gen-eral Land Office and the Oklahoma Commis-sioners of the Land Office, in consultation with the attorney general of the State of Oklahoma, under subsection (b)(1)(C), the heads of those offices shall submit to the Secretary— (A) a notice of the approval of the survey; and (B) a copy of— (i) the survey; and (ii) any field notes relating to the indi-vidual parcel. (2) A
DJACENT LANDOWNERS .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a notice relating to an individual parcel under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide to each landowner of land adja-cent to the individual parcel— (A) a notice of the approval of the survey; and (B) a copy of— (i) the survey; and (ii) any field notes relating to the indi-vidual parcel. 
SEC. 4. EFFECT OF ACT. 
Nothing in this Act— (1) modifies any interest of the State of Oklahoma or Texas, or the sovereignty, property, or trust rights of any federally rec-ognized Indian tribe, relating to land located north of the South Bank boundary line, as established by the survey; (2) modifies any land patented under the Act of December 22, 1928 (45 Stat. 1069, chap-ter 47; 43 U.S.C. 1068) (commonly known as the ‘‘Color of Title Act’’), before the date of enactment of this Act; (3) modifies or supersedes the Red River Boundary Compact enacted by the States of Oklahoma and Texas and consented to by Congress pursuant to Public Law 106–288 (114 Stat. 919); (4) creates or reinstates any Indian res-ervation or any portion of such a reserva-tion; or (5) alters any valid right of the State of Oklahoma or the Kiowa, Comanche, or Apache Indian tribes to the mineral interest trust fund established under the Act of June 12, 1926 (44 Stat. 740, chapter 572). 
SEC. 5. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this Act $1,000,000. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 9—HONORING IN PRAISE AND REMEMBRANCE THE EXTRAORDINARY LIFE, STEADY LEADERSHIP, AND RE-MARKABLE, 70-YEAR REIGN OF KING BHUMIBOL ADULYADEJ OF THAILAND Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. R
OB-
ERTS , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C OTTON , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. F LAKE , and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted the following res-olution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 9 Whereas His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej enjoyed a special relationship with the United States, having been born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, in 1927 while his father was completing his medical studies at Harvard University; Whereas King Bhumibol Adulyadej as-cended to the throne on June 9, 1946, and celebrated his 70th year as King of Thailand in 2016; Whereas, at the time of his death, King Bhumibol Adulyadej was the longest-serving head of state in the world and the longest- reigning monarch in the history of Thailand; Whereas His Majesty dedicated his life to the well-being of the Thai people and the sustainable development of Thailand; Whereas His Majesty led by example and virtue with the interest of the people at heart, earning His Majesty the deep rev-erence of the Thai people and the respect of people around the world; Whereas His Majesty reached out to the poorest and most vulnerable people of Thai-land, regardless of their status, ethnicity, or religion, listened to their problems, and em-powered them to take their lives into their own hands; Whereas, in 2006, His Majesty received the first United Nations Human Development Award, recognizing him as the ‘‘Development King’’ for the extraordinary contribution of His Majesty to human development; Whereas His Majesty was recognized inter-nationally in the areas of intellectual prop-erty, innovation, and creativity, and in 2009, the World Intellectual Property Organiza-tion presented His Majesty with the Global Leadership Award; Whereas His Majesty was an anchor of peace and stability for Thailand during the turbulent decades of the Cold War; Whereas His Majesty was always a trusted friend of the United States in advancing a strong and enduring alliance and partnership between the United States and Thailand; Whereas His Majesty addressed a joint ses-sion of Congress on June 29, 1960, during which His Majesty reaffirmed the strong friendship and goodwill between the United States and Thailand; Whereas the United States and Thailand remain strong security allies, as memorial-ized in the Southeast Asia Collective Defense Treaty (commonly known as the ‘‘Manila Pact of 1954’’) and later expanded under the Thanat-Rusk Communique of 1962; Whereas, for decades, Thailand has hosted the annual Cobra Gold military exercises, the largest multilateral exercises in Asia, to improve regional defense cooperation; Whereas Thailand has allowed the Armed Forces of the United States to use the Utapao Air Base to coordinate international humanitarian relief efforts; Whereas President George W. Bush des-ignated Thailand as a major non-NATO ally on December 30, 2003; Whereas close cooperation and mutual sac-rifices in the face of common threats have bound the United States and Thailand to-gether and established a firm foundation for the advancement of a mutually beneficial re-lationship; and Whereas, on October 13, 2016, at the age of 88, His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej passed away, leaving behind a lasting legacy for Thailand: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors the extraordinary life, steady leadership, and remarkable, 70-year reign of His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand; (2) extends our deepest sympathies to the members of the Royal Family and to the people of Thailand in their bereavement; (3) celebrates the alliance and friendship between Thailand and the United States that reflects common interests, a 183-year diplo-matic history, and a multifaceted partner-ship that has contributed to peace, stability, and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region; (4) congratulates His Majesty King Maha Vajiralongkorn on his accession to the throne; and (5) building on the strong foundation of al-liance nurtured during the reign of the fa-ther of His Majesty King Maha Vajiralongkorn, looks forward to deepening the bonds of friendship between Thailand and the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 10—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE TRAF-FICKING OF ILLICIT FENTANYL INTO THE UNITED STATES FROM MEXICO AND CHINA Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 10 Whereas the United States continues to ex-perience a prescription opioid and heroin overdose epidemic that claimed almost 30,000 lives in 2014; Whereas fentanyl is a synthetic opioid and the euphoric effects of fentanyl are some-times indistinguishable from the euphoric ef-fects of heroin or morphine; Whereas the effect of fentanyl can be up to 50 times stronger than heroin and 100 times stronger than morphine; Whereas although pharmaceutical fentanyl can be diverted for misuse, most fentanyl deaths are believed to be linked to illicitly manufactured fentanyl and illicit versions of chemically similar compounds known as fentanyl analogs (collectively referred to in this preamble as ‘‘illicit fentanyl’’); Whereas illicit fentanyl is potentially le-thal even if only a very small quantity is in-gested or inhaled; Whereas across the United States, illicit fentanyl use and related deaths are rising at alarming rates; Whereas illicit fentanyl is cheaper to man-ufacture than heroin and the sale of illicit fentanyl is highly profitable for drug dealers; Whereas illicit fentanyl is sold for its her-oin-like effects and illicit fentanyl is often mixed with heroin, cocaine, or methamphet-amine as a combination product, with or without the knowledge of the user; Whereas illicit fentanyl is often produced to physically resemble other opioid pain medicines, such as oxycodone, which sell for high amounts on the street; Whereas drug users often overdose on il-licit fentanyl because users are unaware that they are ingesting illicit fentanyl and do not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.024 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S209 January 10, 2017 
anticipate the toxicity and potential lethality of illicit fentanyl; Whereas, according to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, between 2013 and 2014, the death rate from overdoses caused by synthetic opioids, including illicit fentanyl and synthetic opioid pain relievers other than methadone, increased 80 percent; Whereas, in 2015, the Drug Enforcement Administration (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘DEA’’) issued a National Drug Threat Assessment Summary, which found that Mexican transnational criminal organi-zations are— (1) one of the greatest criminal drug threats to the United States; and (2) poly-drug organizations that use estab-lished transportation routes and distribution networks to traffic heroin, methamphet-amine, cocaine, and marijuana throughout the United States; Whereas, in 2016, the DEA issued a Na-tional Heroin Threat Assessment Summary, which found that ‘‘starting in late 2013, sev-eral states reported spikes in overdose deaths due to fentanyl and its analog acetyl- fentanyl’’; Whereas the 2016 National Heroin Threat Assessment Summary found that— (1) Mexican drug traffickers are expanding their operations to gain a larger share of eastern United States heroin markets; and (2) the availability of heroin is increasing throughout the United States; Whereas between 2013 and 2014, there were more than 700 fentanyl-related deaths in the United States; Whereas the number of deaths attributable to illicit fentanyl may be significantly underreported because— (1) coroners and medical examiners do not test, or lack the resources to test, routinely for fentanyl; (2) crime laboratories lack the resources to test routinely for fentanyl; and (3) illicit fentanyl deaths may erroneously be attributed to heroin; Whereas, in March 2015, the DEA issued a nationwide alert on illicit fentanyl as a threat to health and public safety; Whereas illicit fentanyl has the potential to endanger public health workers, first re-sponders, and law enforcement personnel who may unwittingly come into contact with illicit fentanyl by accidentally inhaling airborne powder; Whereas, according to the DEA— (1) Mexico is the primary source for illicit fentanyl trafficked into the United States; and (2) distributors in China are the source of the fentanyl analogs and the precursor chemicals to manufacture fentanyl analogs that are found in Mexico and Canada; Whereas fentanyl produced illicitly in Mexico is— (1) smuggled across the southwest border of the United States, or delivered through mail and express consignment couriers; and (2) often mixed with heroin or diluents in the United States and then distributed in the same United States markets in which white powder heroin is distributed; and Whereas United States law enforcement of-ficials have recently seen— (1) an influx of illicit fentanyl into the United States directly from China; (2) shipments of the equipment to manu-facture illicit fentanyl, such as pill presses; and (3) some illicit fentanyl products being smuggled into the United States across the northern border with Canada: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the use of illicit fentanyl in the United States and the resulting overdose deaths are a public health crisis; (2) the trafficking of illicit fentanyl into the United States, especially the trafficking of illicit fentanyl by transnational criminal organizations, is a problem that requires close cooperation between the United States Government and the Governments of Mexico and China; (3) the United States Government and the Governments of Mexico and China have a shared interest in, and responsibility for, stopping the production of illicit fentanyl and its trafficking into the United States; (4) the United States should— (A) support efforts by the Governments of Mexico and China to stop the production of illicit fentanyl and its trafficking into the United States; and (B) take further measures to reduce and prevent heroin and fentanyl consumption through— (i) enhanced enforcement to reduce the il-legal supply; and (ii) increased use of evidence-based preven-tion, treatment, and recovery services; and (5) the United States Government, includ-ing the Secretary of State, the Attorney General, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, and the Director of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy, should use the broad diplomatic and law enforcement re-sources of the United States, in partnership with the Governments of Mexico and China, to stop the production of illicit fentanyl and its trafficking into the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 11—ENCOUR-AGING THE DEVELOPMENT OF BEST BUSINESS PRACTICES TO FULLY UTILIZE THE POTENTIAL OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. P
AUL, and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 11 Whereas the Rooney Rule, formulated by Daniel Rooney, chairman of the Pittsburgh Steelers football team in the National Foot-ball League (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NFL’’), requires each NFL team with a job opening for a coach or general manager position to interview at least 1 minority can-didate for that position; Whereas the Rooney Rule has been success-ful in increasing minority representation in higher leadership positions in professional football, as shown by the fact that, in the 80 years between the hiring of Fritz Pollard as coach of the Akron Pros and the implemen-tation of the Rooney Rule in 2003, only 7 mi-nority head coaches were hired but, since 2003, 15 minority head coaches have been hired; Whereas the Rooney Rule has dem-onstrated that once highly qualified and highly skilled diversity candidates are given exposure during the hiring process, the abili-ties of those diversity candidates can be bet-ter utilized; Whereas the RLJ Rule, formulated by Rob-ert L. Johnson, founder of Black Entertain-ment Television (commonly known as ‘‘BET’’) and The RLJ Companies, and based on the Rooney Rule from the NFL, similarly encourages companies to voluntarily estab-lish a best practices policy to identify mi-nority candidates and minority vendors by implementing a plan to interview— (1) not fewer than 2 qualified minority can-didates for each managerial opening at the director level and above; and (2) not fewer than 2 qualified minority- owned businesses before approving a vendor contract; Whereas, according to Crist-Kolder Associ-ates, as cited in the Wall Street Journal, at the top 668 companies in the United States, less than 10 percent of Chief Financial Offi-cers are African-American, Hispanic, or of Asian descent; Whereas underrepresented groups contain members with the necessary abilities, expe-rience, and qualifications for any position available; Whereas business practices such as the Rooney Rule or the RLJ Rule are neither employment quotas nor Federal law but rather voluntary initiatives instituted by willing entities to provide the human re-sources necessary to ensure success; Whereas experience has shown that people of all genders, colors, and physical abilities can achieve excellence; Whereas the increased involvement of underrepresented workers would improve the economy of the United States and the experi-ence of the people of the United States; and Whereas ensuring the increased exposure, and resulting increased advancement, of di-verse and qualified candidates would result in gains by all people of the United States through stronger economic opportunities: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate encourages each corporate, academic, and social entity, re-gardless of size or field of operation, to— (1) develop an internal rule modeled after a successful business practice, such as the Rooney Rule or RLJ Rule, and, in accord-ance with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.), adapt that rule to specifications that will best fit the proce-dures of the individual entity; and (2) institute the individualized rule de-scribed in paragraph (1) to ensure that the entity will always consider candidates from underrepresented populations before making a final decision with respect to selecting a business vendor or filling a leadership posi-tion. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 56. Mr. KING submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary lev-els for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 57. Mr. KING (for himself and Mr. B
EN-
NET) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolu-tion S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 58. Mr. KING (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 59. Mr. KING submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 60. Mr. KING submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 61. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. K ING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.026 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES210 January 10, 2017 
SA 62. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 63. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. H AS-
SAN, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. U DALL , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. K ING, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C ARPER , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Mr. K AINE, Mr. W ARNER , Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 64. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. U DALL , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. B
ENNET , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. W ARNER , and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 65. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. C ASEY ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 66. Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. W AR-
REN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolu-tion S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 67. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 68. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 69. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 70. Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. K
ING, and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 71. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 72. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 73. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 74. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 75. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 76. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 77. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 78. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. HEITKAMP , and Mr. B OOKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 79. Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 80. Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 81. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. V
AN H
OLLEN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. K
ING, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent reso-lution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 82. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Ms. H
IRONO , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. S
CHUMER , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. U DALL , and Mr. C ARDIN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 83. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. R
EED, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C OONS , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. U DALL , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. W YDEN , and Ms. S TABENOW ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 84. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. K ING) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 85. Ms. HASSAN (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 86. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. R
EED, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. U DALL , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. K ING, and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 87. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Ms. S
TA-
BENOW , Mr. K AINE, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. K ING, Mr. N ELSON , Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 88. Mr. WARNER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 89. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 90. Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 91. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 92. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 93. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. CARPER , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 94. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. U DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 95. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. F
RANKEN , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 96. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 97. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 98. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 99. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 100. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , and Mr. M URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 101. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 102. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 103. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 104. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 105. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 106. Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. C
ASSIDY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 107. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 108. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 109. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. S CHATZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.028 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S211 January 10, 2017 
SA 110. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 3, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 56. Mr. KING submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO PRESERVING AND EX-TENDING MATERNAL, INFANT, AND CHILD HEALTH THROUGH THE DE-PARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preserving and extending mater-nal, infant, and child health through the De-partment of Health and Human Services by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
SA 57. Mr. KING (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO THE NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE CORPS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to maintaining, preserving, sus-taining, and expanding the National Health Service Corps program, which may include increasing the number of clinicians fulfilling a service obligation in exchange for scholar-ship or loan repayment, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
SA 58. Mr. KING (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO COVERAGE OF CER-TAIN FALL PREVENTION SERVICES UNDER THE MEDICARE PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to requiring coverage of certain fall prevention services under the Medicare pro-gram by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
SA 59. Mr. KING submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER HEALTH CARE COVERAGE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the provision of health care for mental health and substance use disorders by ensuring that such care is included as es-sential health benefits and providing Federal parity protections for mental health and substance use disorders by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
SA 60. Mr. KING submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD REDUCE HEALTH INSURANCE ACCESS AND AFFORD-ABILITY FOR INDIVIDUALS BASED ON THEIR OCCUPATION. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would reduce health in-surance access and affordability for individ-uals based on their occupation, unless legis-lation is enacted to provide comparable ben-efits and protections for such individuals. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). SA 61. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. K ING) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD MAKE PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES AND CHRONIC CONDITIONS SICK AGAIN. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would— (1) limit, reduce, or eliminate access to care for anyone with a pre-existing condi-tion, such as a disability or chronic condi-tion, as provided under section 2704 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–3), as amended by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148); (2) place a lifetime or annual cap on health insurance coverage for an individual with a disability or a chronic condition, as provided under section 2711 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–11), as amended by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; or (3) allow a health plan or a provider to dis-criminate on the basis of an applicant’s physical health, mental health, or disability status to increase the cost of care, provide for fewer benefits, or in any way decrease ac-cess to health care as afforded under title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 62. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST AN IN-CREASE IN THE DEFICIT. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill or joint resolution reported pursuant to section 2001 or 2002, or an amendment to, motion on, conference report on, or amendment between the Houses in relation to such a bill or joint resolution, that would increase the on-budg-et deficit or cause an on-budget deficit, as calculated under subsection (b), in any of fis-cal years 2017 through 2026. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.030 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES212 January 10, 2017 
(b) D ETERMINATION OF BUDGET LEVELS .— For purposes of this section, the levels of new budget authority, outlays, and revenues for a fiscal year shall be determined on the basis of estimates made by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate and shall be calculated without regard to any adjustment made under section 3001 or 3002. (c) F
ORM OF THE POINT OF ORDER .—A point of order under subsection (a) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). (d) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 63. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. U DALL , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. K ING, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. C ARPER , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. W ARNER , Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD REDUCE ACCESS TO SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER PRE-VENTION, TREATMENT, AND RECOV-ERY SERVICES AND WORSEN THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would reduce the expan-sion of access to substance use disorder pre-vention, treatment, and recovery services es-tablished through the expansion of the Med-icaid program under section XIX of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) and the consumer protections in the health in-surance market, including protections for in-dividuals with pre-existing conditions, the establishment of mental health and sub-stance use disorder services as essential health benefits, the requirement that pre-ventive services such as substance use dis-order screenings be covered without cost- sharing at the point of service, and the ex-pansion of mental health parity and addic-tion equity law to cover health plans in the individual market, and in so doing, worsen the opioid epidemic. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 64. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. U DALL , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. HEITKAMP , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. W ARNER , and Mr. K ING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD FINANCIALLY HARM RURAL HOSPITALS AND HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS BY RE-DUCING THE NUMBER OF PEOPLE IN RURAL COMMUNITIES WITH ACCESS TO HEALTH INSURANCE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report if the Congressional Budget Office has determined that it would— (1) cause an increase in the rate of unin-sured individuals and families in rural com-munities by an amount sufficient to substan-tially weaken the financial viability of rural hospitals (including small hospitals), clinics (including community health centers), or other health care providers; or (2) reduce Federal funds upon which rural hospitals and community health centers rely. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 65. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD REDUCE BLACK LUNG BENEFITS FOR MINERS DIS-ABLED BY BLACK LUNG DISEASE AND THEIR SURVIVORS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would eliminate or weak-en the amendments to the Black Lung Bene-fits Act (30 U.S.C. 901 et seq.) made by sec-tion 1556 of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), which— (1) require the presumption of total dis-ability or death caused by pneumoconiosis for coal miners who worked for at least 15 years in underground mining and who suffer or suffered from a totally disabling res-piratory impairment; and (2) provide automatic entitlement for eligi-ble survivors of miners who were themselves entitled to receive benefits as a result of a lifetime claim. (b) WAIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 66. Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST CUTTING LONG-TERM SERVICES AND SUP-PORTS FOR SENIORS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would cut long term serv-ices and supports for seniors, including nurs-ing home care and home and community- based care, under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 67. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD ELIMINATE OR REDUCE ACCESS TO PREVENTIVE SERVICES THAT ARE CURRENTLY OFFERED WITHOUT COPAYMENT OR COST-SHARING UNDER THE PATIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would eliminate or re-duce access to preventive services that are currently offered without copayment or cost- sharing under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), in-cluding blood pressure screening, colorectal screening, breast cancer screening, cervical cancer screening, and domestic and inter-personal violence screening and counseling. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.032 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S213 January 10, 2017 
SA 68. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD ELIMINATE OR REDUCE THE CONSUMER PROTEC-TIONS PROVIDED BY THE PATIENT’S BILL OF RIGHTS UNDER THE PA-TIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORD-ABLE CARE ACT. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would eliminate or re-duce the consumer protections provided by the Patient’s Bill of Rights under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), including the ban on health plans discriminating against adults and children with pre-existing conditions, dropping coverage, limiting coverage under a health plan, limiting choice of doctors, or re-stricting emergency room care; the guar-antee of an health plan enrollee’s right to appeal; coverage of young adults under their parents’ health plans; and coverage under a health plan of preventive care with no cost. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 69. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT REDUCES ACCESS TO, OR RESULTS IN THE CLOSING OF, RURAL HOSPITALS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that reduces Medicare or pri-vate health insurance payments under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to rural hospitals that could lead to a reduc-tion in health care services provided or the closure of a rural or critical access hospital. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 70. Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. K
ING, and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST PHYSICIAN AND NURSE SHORTAGES IN RURAL AND UNDERSERVED AREAS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that reduces access to pri-mary medical care, dental, and mental health services in areas designated as Health Professional Shortage Areas or Medically Underserved Areas or Populations, including the repeal of provisions in the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act that— (1) expand the number of National Health Service Corps providers trained to provide health care services in shortage areas through the National Health Service Corps Loan Repayment Program; or (2) encourage provider training specifically in rural areas. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 71. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT MED-ICAID IS ONE OF OUR NATION’S MOST IMPORTANT POVERTY-REDUC-ING PROGRAMS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate finds the fol-lowing: (1) In 2015, more than 60,000,000 Americans relied on Medicaid for comprehensive, afford-able health care coverage. (2) According to the Journal of Health Eco-nomics, in 2010, Medicaid helped to keep at least 2,600,000 Americans, including adults with disabilities, the elderly, children, and racial and ethnic minorities, out of poverty. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) Medicaid is one of our Nation’s most important poverty-reducing programs; and (2) the Medicaid expansion under the Af-fordable Care Act has expanded coverage to millions of Americans, which not only en-sures that more people have access to qual-ity, affordable health care, but improves Americans’ financial security. 
SA 72. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD REDUCE COV-ERAGE FOR CHILDREN WITH AU-TISM SPECTRUM DISORDERS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would reduce coverage for children with Autism Spectrum Disorders by— (1) block granting or imposing per capita caps on State Medicaid programs; and (2) repealing the financial assistance avail-able to families to purchase coverage on the health insurance marketplace created under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 73. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ENSURING THAT STATE MEDICAID PROGRAMS’ PAY-MENT POLICIES ARE ALIGNED WITH THEIR PERIODICITY SCHEDULES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that the payment poli-cies of State Medicaid programs are aligned with the periodicity schedules of such pro-grams by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for such purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
SA 74. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST REDUCING CHILDREN’S ACCESS TO THE EARLY AND PERIODIC SCREENING, DIAG-NOSTIC, AND TREATMENT BENEFIT UNDER THE MEDICAID PROGRAM. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would reduce children’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.033 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES214 January 10, 2017 
access to the Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic, and Treatment benefit under the Medicaid program by block granting or im-posing per capita caps on State Medicaid programs. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 75. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST DECREAS-ING ACCESS TO HEALTH CARE BY IMPOSING UNREASONABLE WORK REQUIREMENTS ON MEDICAID BENEFICIARIES. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would decrease access to health care by imposing unreasonable work requirements on Medicaid beneficiaries, es-pecially those beneficiaries struggling with mental health conditions, substance abuse issues, and homelessness. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 76. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST HARMING HOSPITALS AND CLINICS BY RE-PEALING THE MEDICAID EXPANSION AND THE FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE OFFERED ON THE HEALTH INSUR-ANCE MARKETPLACE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would harm hospitals and clinics, particularly those in underserved areas, by repealing or cutting Federal finan-cial assistance for the Medicaid expansion and for the financial assistance offered on the health insurance marketplace. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). SA 77. Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST INCREAS-ING PREMIUM COSTS ON THE HEALTH INSURANCE MARKETPLACE BY REPEALING THE MEDICAID EX-PANSION UNDER THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would increase premium costs on the health insurance marketplace by repealing the Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act which has lowered premiums costs on the health insurance mar-ketplace by 7 percent in States that have ex-panded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 78. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , and Mr. B OOKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO INCREASING FUNDING FOR FEDERAL INVESTMENTS IN CHILD TRAUMA PREVENTION, SCREENING, AND SUPPORT SERV-ICES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing funding for Federal in-vestments in the prevention, screening, and support (including treatment) for children and youth who have experienced or are at risk of experiencing trauma, which may in-clude the early identification, screening, and expeditious referral to appropriate support services (including treatment) of children and youth, or the implementation of trauma- informed training, workforce capacity, and interventions by appropriate providers and in settings that may come into contact with children and youth who have experienced or are at risk of experiencing trauma, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. SA 79. Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO SUPPORTING STEADY, PREDICTABLE GROWTH FOR BIO-MEDICAL RESEARCH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting at least 5 percent real growth (above inflation) to medical research conducted by each of the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Defense Health Pro-gram, and the Medical and Prosthetics Re-search Program of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
SA 80. Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD RESULT IN A RE-DUCTION OF FUNDING FOR BIO-MEDICAL RESEARCH AGENCIES. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would result in a reduc-tion of funding for the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Defense Health Program, or the Medical and Prosthetics Research Pro-gram of the Department of Veterans Affairs. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 81. Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. K ING, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.034 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S215 January 10, 2017 
Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. DON’T MAKE YOUNG PEOPLE SICK AGAIN. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would make young people sick again. (b) L
EGISLATION THAT MAKES YOUNG PEO-
PLE SICKAGAIN.—For the purposes of sub-section (a), the term ‘‘would make young people sick again’’ with respect to legisla-tion refers to any provision of a bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report, that would— (1) reduce the number of young Americans enrolled in public or private health insur-ance coverage, as determined based on the March 2016 updated baseline budget projec-tions by the Congressional Budget Office; (2) weaken dependent coverage of children to continue until the child turns 26 years of age as afforded to them under Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148); (3) weaken access to care by increasing premiums or total out of pocket costs for young Americans with private insurance. (c) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 82. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Ms. H
IRONO , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. U DALL , and Mr. C ARDIN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent reso-lution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. DON’T MAKE WOMEN SICK AGAIN. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that makes women sick again by eliminating or reducing access to wom-en’s health care, including decreases in ac-cess to, or coverage of, reproductive health care services including contraceptive coun-seling, birth control, and maternity care, and primary and preventive health care as afforded to them under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148). (b) L
EGISLATION THATMAKES WOMEN SICK A
GAIN.—For the purposes of subsection (a), the term ‘‘makes women sick again’’ with re-spect to legislation refers to any provision of a bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report, that would— (1) allow insurance companies to discrimi-nate against women by— (A) charging women higher premiums for health care based on their gender; (B) allowing pregnancy to be used as a pre- existing condition by which to deny women coverage; (C) permitting discrimination against pro-viders who provide reproductive health care benefits or services to women; or (D) otherwise discriminating against women based on their gender; (2) reduce the number of women enrolled in health insurance coverage, as certified by the Congressional Budget Office; or (3) eliminate, or reduce the scope or scale of, the benefits women would have received pursuant to the requirements under title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148) and the amend-ments made to that title. (c) WAIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 83. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. R EED, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
URPHY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. U
DALL , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. W YDEN , and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ELIMI-NATING OR REDUCING FEDERAL FUNDING TO STATES UNDER THE MEDICAID EXPANSION. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would eliminate or re-duce funding to States available under law in effect on the date of the adoption of this sec-tion to provide comprehensive, affordable health care to low-income Americans by eliminating or reducing the availability of Federal financial assistance to States avail-able under section 1905(y)(1) or 1905(z)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(y)(1), 1396d(z)(2)) or other means, unless the Direc-tor of the Congressional Budget Office cer-tifies that the legislation would not— (1) increase the number of uninsured Amer-icans; (2) decrease Medicaid enrollment in States that have opted to expand eligibility for medical assistance under that program for low-income, non-elderly individuals under the eligibility option established by the Af-fordable Care Act under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII)); (3) reduce the likelihood that any State that, as of the date of the adoption of this section, has not opted to expand Medicaid under the eligibility option established by the Affordable Care Act under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII)) would opt to use that eligibility option to expand eligibility for medical assistance under that program for low-income, non-elderly individ-uals; and (4) increase the State share of Medicaid spending under that eligibility option. (b) WAIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 84. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. K ING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO REMOVING THE MED-ICAID IMD EXCLUSION AND IN-CREASING FUNDING FOR FEDERAL INVESTMENTS IN MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER TREATMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing funding for Federal in-vestments in mental health and substance use disorder treatment, including for the Medicaid expansion population, and which may include allowing Federal funding for services provided under State Medicaid plans to treat individuals with substance use dis-orders in institutions for mental diseases, notwithstanding the limitation of subdivi-sion (B) following paragraph (29) of section 1905(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(a)), or supporting workforce and infra-structure capacity to treat individuals suf-fering from mental illness or substance use disorders, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2017 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
SA 85. Ms. HASSAN (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Ms. B ALD-
WIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD WORSEN THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC BY REDUCING AC-CESS TO MEDICATION ASSISTED TREATMENT FOR SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.035 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES216 January 10, 2017 
joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would reduce access to medication assisted treatment for substance use disorders, including opioid addiction, by making changes to the policies enacted by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act unless the Congressional Budget Office certifies that such changes would not— (1) reduce or limit Federal funding for medical assistance provided by States to low-income, non-elderly individuals under the Medicaid eligibility option established by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII)) or result in fewer in-dividuals receiving such assistance under such option (including the 1,600,000 Ameri-cans with substance use disorders who cur-rently receive such assistance and were unin-sured prior to the establishment of such op-tion); (2) reduce the expansion of coverage result-ing from the individual market consumer protections of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act, including protections for individuals with pre-existing conditions, the establishment of behavioral health as an es-sential health benefit, the expansion of men-tal health parity and addiction equity law to the individual market, and coverage of pre-ventive services without cost-sharing; (3) reduce the number of Americans en-rolled in public or private health insurance coverage, as determined based on the March 2016 updated baseline budget projections by the Congressional Budget Office; (4) increase health insurance premiums or out-of-pocket costs for Americans with pri-vate health insurance coverage; or (5) reduce the scope and scale of benefits covered by private health insurance plans pursuant to the requirements of title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the amendments made by that title. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 86. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. R
EED, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. D
URBIN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. K ING, and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD UNDERMINE AC-CESS TO COMPREHENSIVE, AFFORD-ABLE HEALTH COVERAGE FOR AMERICA’S CHILDREN. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that makes changes to the Medicaid program under title XIX of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. et seq.), the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program under title XXI (42 U.S.C. 1397aa et seq.), or Federal re-quirements for private health insurance cov-erage unless the Congressional Budget Office certifies that such changes would not result in lower coverage rates, reduced benefits, or decreased affordability for children receiving coverage through the Medicaid Program, the Children’s Health Insurance Program, or the private insurance markets established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. (b) WAIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 87. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. K AINE, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. K ING, Mr. N
ELSON , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. B EN-
NET) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO INCREASE ACCESS TO HEALTH CARE FOR VETERANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing health care access for veterans, which may include legislation that authorizes the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility leases of the Department of Veterans Affairs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
SA 88. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION AFFECTING MEDICARE HOS-PITAL INSURANCE SOLVENCY. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider a bill or joint resolution reported pursuant to section 2001 or 2002, or an amendment to, motion on, con-ference report on, or amendment between the Houses in relation to such a bill or joint resolution that— (1) reduces the actuarial balance by at least 0.01 percent of the present value of fu-ture taxable payroll of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund established under sec-tion 1817(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395i(a)) for the 75-year period utilized in the most recent annual report of the Board of Trustees provided pursuant to sec-tion 1817(b)) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395i(b)); or (2) would cause a decrease in Medicare Fed-eral Hospital Insurance surpluses or an in-crease in Medicare Federal Hospital Insur-ance deficits relative to the levels set forth in the applicable resolution for the first fis-cal year or for the total of that fiscal year and the ensuing fiscal years for which alloca-tions are provided under section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)) . (b) MEDICARE LEVELS .—For purposes of subsection (a)(2), Medicare Federal Hospital Insurance surpluses equal the excess of Fed-eral Hospital Insurance income over Federal Hospital Insurance outlays in a fiscal year or years with such an excess and Federal Hos-pital Insurance deficits equal the excess of Federal Hospital Insurance outlays over Fed-eral Hospital Insurance income in a fiscal year or years with such an excess. (c) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 89. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD RESULT IN A RE-DUCTION OF THE COVERAGE OF OBESITY REDUCTION COUNSELING UNDER MEDICAID OR PRIVATE IN-SURANCE PLANS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would result in a reduc-tion in the coverage of obesity reduction counseling services under the Medicaid pro-gram or private insurance plans. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 90. Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD RESULT IN A RE-DUCTION IN TOBACCO CESSATION COVERAGE UNDER MEDICAID OR PRIVATE INSURANCE PLANS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate finds the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.036 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S217 January 10, 2017 
(1) Tobacco use is the leading cause of pre-ventable deaths in the United States. (2) Each year, tobacco use leads to $170,000,000,000 in healthcare spending on ill-ness caused by tobacco use and $150,000,000,000 in lost productivity. (3) Tobacco use is more than twice as com-mon among the overall Medicaid population (including individuals covered under the Medicaid expansion added by the Affordable Care Act) than among individuals with pri-vate insurance coverage. (4) The Affordable Care Act— (A) requires that State Medicaid plans cover tobacco cessation services for pregnant women and individuals covered under the Medicaid expansion with no cost-sharing; (B) requires that private health insurance plans cover tobacco cessation products and services without cost-sharing; and (C) prohibits the exclusion of tobacco ces-sation drugs from coverage under Medicaid. (5) Expanded coverage for tobacco ces-sation leads to better health outcomes and lower health costs. (b) P
OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would result in a reduc-tion in the coverage of items and services re-lated to the cessation of tobacco under the Medicaid program or private insurance plans. (c) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (b) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (b). 
SA 91. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST CHANGES TO THE ACA. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that make changes to the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act without obtaining a budget score by the Con-gressional Budget Office (based on annual projections, a 10-year projection, and a 30- year projection) that includes the estimated effect of the legislation on the number of un-insured individuals (broken down by eco-nomic subgroup and State), the effect of such legislation on average premiums (broken down by marketplace and employer spon-sored insurance), and the effect of such legis-lation on uncompensated care costs (broken down by State, projected for both providers and State government spending). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 92. Ms. STABENOW submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINTS OF ORDER AGAINST CERTAIN LEGISLATION RELATING TO MEDI-CARE. 
(a) C OSTESTIMATE .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint reso-lution, motion, amendment, amendment be-tween the Houses, or conference report that would make changes to the Medicare pro-gram under title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act unless a cost estimate of the Con-gressional Budget Office is made available to the Senate prior to consideration of such leg-islation that includes the estimated effect of such legislation on both current and future Medicare beneficiary out-of-pocket expenses, including premiums and cost-sharing, over the next 30 years. (b) B
ENEFICIARY OUT-OF-POCKET EX-
PENSES .—It shall not be in order in the Sen-ate to consider any bill, joint resolution, mo-tion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that would in-crease Medicare beneficiary out-of-pocket expenses under the Medicare program, in-cluding premiums and cost-sharing, as deter-mined by the Congressional Budget Office in the cost estimate described in subsection (a) with respect to such legislation. 
SA 93. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. C
ARPER , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent reso-lution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD REDUCE AMERI-CANS’ ACCESS TO HIGH QUALITY MATERNITY CARE COVERAGE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that, according to the Con-gressional Budget Office, would reduce the number of Americans with insurance cov-erage of maternity care and childbirth as af-forded in the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (Public Law 111-148). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 94. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. U DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST REDUCING OR ELIMINATING ACCESS TO MEN-TAL HEALTH CARE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that the Director of the Con-gressional Budget Office determines would reduce access to mental health care and services or reduce the number of individuals with mental illness enrolled in insurance coverage, relative to the Congressional Budget Office’s March 2016 updated baseline, by means such as— (1) eliminating or reducing Federal finan-cial assistance currently available to States under section 1905(y)(1) or 1905(z)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(y)(1), 1396d(z)(2)) or otherwise eliminating or re-ducing mental health protections established by the Affordable Care Act, including the ad-dition of mental health services to the list of services covered under section 1937(b)(5) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396u– 7(b)(5)); or (2) reducing the affordability of coverage established by the Affordable Care Act’s con-sumer protections, including— (A) the expansion of mental health parity and addiction equity law to individual health insurance coverage; (B) the prohibition on discriminating against enrollees with pre-existing condi-tions such as mental illness; (C) coverage of preventive services like de-pression screenings without cost-sharing; and (D) the establishment of mental health services as an essential health benefit. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 95. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. F
RANKEN , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD PENALIZE STATES FOR IMPROVING CON-TINUITY BETWEEN CRIMINAL JUS-TICE AND PUBLIC HEALTH SYSTEMS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would penalize States for improving the continuity of care between the criminal justice and public health sys-tems, including by ensuring that individuals who are enrolled in a State Medicaid pro-gram under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) have their enroll-ment in such program suspended, but not terminated, in the event that they are incar-cerated, or by providing for the automatic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.036 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES218 January 10, 2017 
enrollment of eligible individuals in a State Medicaid program upon their release from incarceration. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 96. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD INCREASE THE MEDICARE PART B PREMIUM. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would increase the Medi-care part B premium for Medicare bene-ficiaries, as determined by the Congressional Budget Office. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 97. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for him-self and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO IMPROVING DRUG PRICING TRANSPARENCY FOR CON-SUMERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving drug pricing trans-parency for consumers by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
SA 98. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT FAILS TO ENSURE THE SAME PATIENT BILL OF RIGHTS THAT CONSUMERS HAVE TODAY. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would fail to ensure that consumers have the same patient bill of rights as they have on the date of such con-sideration. Such patient bill of rights in-cludes the rights of consumers under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (111–148) to— (1) appeal health plan decisions; (2) maintain health coverage without fear of an arbitrary rescission by their insurance company; (3) choose a doctor; (4) fair treatment of emergency care; (5) health insurance coverage without an-nual or lifetime limits on essential health benefits; and (6) enhanced access to preventive services. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 99. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT INCREASES UNCOMPEN-SATED CARE COSTS FOR HOSPITALS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would increase uncom-pensated care costs for hospitals. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 100. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. M URPHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ANY CHANGES TO MEDICARE, MEDICAID, OR THE PREMIUM TAX CREDITS PROVIDED BY THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT THAT WOULD WEAKEN AND REDUCE INVESTMENTS IN HEALTH CARE DELIVERY SYSTEM REFORMS THAT IMPROVE PATIENT HEALTH AND REDUCE COSTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Affordable Care Act is moving the health care system of the United States from a fee-for-service system that frequently incentivizes the overutilization of health care services and wasteful health care spend-ing to a value- and performance-based health care system that promotes patient-centered and team-based care to keep Americans as healthy as possible, improve health out-comes, and lower health care costs. (2) Because of the investments in health care delivery system reforms made by the Affordable Care Act, a third of Medicare pay-ments to health care providers are now based on the overall quality of patient care and health outcomes achieved by such providers. (b) P
OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would change the Medi-care program, the Medicaid program, or the premium tax credits provided by the Afford-able Care Act in a manner that would result in hospitals, health care centers, and physi-cians and other health care providers reduc-ing their investments in health care delivery system reforms that improve patient health outcomes and reduce costs. (c) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (b) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (b). 
SA 101. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO ENSURING THAT THE TOP 15 PERCENT SICKEST MEDI-CARE BENEFICIARIES WITH CHRON-IC CONDITIONS HAVE ACCESS TO MEDICARE ACCOUNTABLE CARE OR-GANIZATIONS OR OTHER INNOVA-TIVE MEDICARE PILOT PROGRAMS, INCLUDING PATIENT-CENTERED MEDICAL HOMES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that the top 15 percent sickest Medicare beneficiaries with chronic conditions have access to Medicare account-able care organizations or other innovative Medicare pilot programs, including patient- centered medical homes, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.037 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S219 January 10, 2017 
2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
SA 102. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT REDUCES PRICE TRANS-PARENCY FOR CONSUMERS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that removes price trans-parency of health care services or price com-parisons that enable consumers to have greater knowledge in making health care de-cisions, including requirements set forth by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 103. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RELATING TO AUTHORIZING CHIL-DREN ELIGIBLE FOR HEALTH CARE UNDER LAWS ADMINISTERED BY SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO RETAIN SUCH ELIGIBILITY UNTIL AGE 26. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting children who are eligi-ble to receive health care furnished under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, including by allowing such children to retain such eligibility until age 26, by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. 
SA 104. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD WEAKEN THE ABILITY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO DIRECTLY FURNISH HEALTH CARE TO VET-ERANS. 
It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that authorizes funding for non-Department of Veterans Af-fairs-provided care, funded by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, which would re-duce the availability of services directly pro-vided by the Department of Veterans Affairs, including primary health care, mental health care, rural health care, and prosthetic care. 
SA 105. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT WOULD EXTEND THE CHOICE PROGRAM OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS WITH-OUT ADDRESSING PROBLEMS WITH THE THIRD PARTY ADMINISTRATION OF THE PROGRAM. 
It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that extends the sunset date of the Choice Program under section 101 of the Veterans, Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) unless the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs certifies that problems relating to the third party admin-istration of the program have been addressed or the legislation extending the sunset in-cludes provisions addressing such problems. 
SA 106. Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , and Mr. C ASSIDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 45, line 15, strike ‘‘January 27’’ and insert ‘‘March 3’’. 
SA 107. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT TAXES THE HEALTH BEN-EFITS OF HARD-WORKING AMERI-CANS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that directly or indirectly taxes the health benefits of hard-working Americans. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 108. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST CUTTING FEDERAL FUNDING TO MEDICAID EXPANSION STATES. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would reduce the Federal funding received by States for the provision of medical assistance under State Medicaid programs under title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) to low-in-come, non-elderly individuals under the eli-gibility option established by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act under section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(a)(10)(A)(i)(VIII)). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 109. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. S
CHATZ ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ELIMI-NATING OR REDUCING FEDERAL PAYMENTS RECEIVED BY AN INDIAN HEALTH PROGRAM OR BY AN URBAN INDIAN ORGANIZATION UNDER MED-ICAID FOR SERVICES PROVIDED TO INDIANS AND ALASKAN NATIVES WHO ARE ELIGIBLE FOR BENEFITS UNDER THAT PROGRAM. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.039 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES220 January 10, 2017 
amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that the Director of the Con-gressional Budget Office determines would eliminate or reduce, relative to the Congres-sional Budget Office’s March 2016 updated baseline, Federal payments received by an Indian health program or by an urban Indian organization under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) for serv-ices provided to Indians and Alaskan Natives who are eligible for benefits under such title. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 110. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. T
ESTER , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST THE SALE OF FEDERAL LAND TO REDUCE THE FEDERAL DEFICIT. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would provide for the sale of any Federal land (other than as part of a program that acquires land that is of comparable value or contains exceptional re-sources or that is conducted under the Fed-eral Land Transaction Facilitation Act (43 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.)) that uses the proceeds of the sale to reduce the Federal deficit. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I have five requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 10, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 10, 2017, at 3:30 p.m. COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on the Judici-ary be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 10, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., in room SR–325 of the Russell Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Attorney Gen-eral Nomination.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Select Committee on In-telligence be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 10, 2017, at 1 p.m. in room SD–106 of the Senate Dirksen Office Building. 
PERMANENT SUBCOMMITTEE ON INVESTIGATIONS  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 10, 2017, at 10 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Backpage.com’s Knowing Facilitation of Online Sex Trafficking.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I also ask unanimous consent that Matthew Tay-lor, a congressional fellow in Senator C
OCHRAN ’s office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the 115th Congress. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Mara Green-berg, a detailee on the Senate Judici-ary Committee, and Zachary Blau, a fellow on the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, be granted Senate floor privi-leges for the duration of the 115th Con-gress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Elizabeth Joseph, a health policy fellow in Sen-ator C
OCHRAN ’s office be granted floor privileges through July 31, 2017. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 2017 Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 12 noon, Wednesday, Janu-ary 11; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of S. Con. Res. 3, with 3 hours of debate remaining on the resolution for the majority and 3 hours for the minority. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Sen-ator B
ROWN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ENZI. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of the quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRESCRIPTION DRUG PRICES Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, sky-rocketing drug prices are crippling far too many American families. The Kai-ser Family Foundation found that nearly 8 in 10 Americans believe the cost of their prescription drugs is too high and that Congress should work to lower the price of medication that peo-ple need. This should be our top health pri-ority for 2017, lowering drug costs for families, not taking health care away from Americans with no plan to re-place it. Think about that. This Con-gress is hell-bent on, instead of attack-ing one of the major causes of health care inflation—and we have done a good job the last 10 years, by and large, of keeping prices from going much higher than they would have otherwise. Keep that in mind while we hear the generally specious arguments against the Affordable Care Act. Instead of doing that, the majority party has fall-en all over itself to try to take away health insurance from 900,000 people in my State; taking away from 1 million seniors the Medicare consumer protec-tions and Medicare services of preven-tive care, such as osteoporosis screen-ing, diabetes screening, physicals, all that the doctors order; taking away from 100,000 young people the ability to stay on their parents’ health care plan; and stripping from virtually all Ohio citizens the consumer protections of denying people coverage because of previous conditions, cutting people off their insurance policy because they happen to get too sick and might have cost the insurance companies too much money. This health care coverage that has saved 24,000 American lives each year since 2014, just think what could hap-pen if we took away their health care coverage. Instead, lowering drug prices should be something we can come together on. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10JA6.040 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S221 January 10, 2017 
Americans of all political parties and Americans who don’t even bother vot-ing are all facing skyrocketing phar-macy bills. There are concrete actions we can take right now to lower the cost of prescription drugs. Senator F
RANKEN and I led 18 of our colleagues in outlining 5 of them in a letter to the President-elect in Decem-ber, including putting an end to abu-sive price gouging, requiring more transparency from drug companies, boosting competition and innovation in the market, and allowing the Secretary of Health and Human Services to nego-tiate better prices for seniors. That is what we do with the Veterans’ Admin-istration. The VA, on behalf of 7 mil-lion veterans, negotiates directly with the drug companies to get a signifi-cantly better price for the cost of drugs—saves taxpayers, saves veterans. Medicare should do the same thing. Senator K
LOBUCHAR and I worked with several colleagues to reintroduce the Medicare Prescription Drug Price Negotiation Act. Negotiating better prices for seniors will save significant taxpayer dollars. Instead of focusing on the priorities that the vast majority of Americans agree on, Congress and President-Elect Trump are working to throw 30 million Americans and some 900,000 Ohioans off their health insurance with no plans to replace it. It is reckless and dangerous. It will cause premiums to skyrocket. It will cause costs to go up for everyone. Do you know what it does? It gives a $30 billion tax break to drugs compa-nies and tens of billions of dollars in tax cuts to the richest Americans. On the one hand, Congress will not do anything about drug prices because the pharmaceutical industry, frankly, gave too much money to far too many of my colleagues. On the other hand, this same Congress is going to strip away health care and consumer protections to seniors on Medicare and people of all ages and at the same time give a tax break to the drug companies. We must fight against these attempts to de-crease coverage and increase costs for working families. Whether you support the Affordable Care Act or not, we all agree you can’t ask people to change horses midstream without giving them a second horse. Last week, I spoke with one of my constituents, Kathy, who wrote to my office last November with the heart-breaking story of her husband Lee. He is fighting stage IV cancer. Before 2010, insurance companies denied Kathy and her family the family coverage she needed because her husband’s cancer was a preexisting condition. Thank-fully, the Affordable Care Act stopped insurance companies from abusive practices like this. It allowed Kathy’s family to buy health insurance through the marketplace, helping them afford the care he needs to fight this dev-astating disease. Still, like so many Ohio families, Kathy continues to struggle to afford the prescription medicines she and her husband need. She fears what will happen when a fam-ily like hers is simply kicked off their insurance. Imagine 900,000 Ohioans with insur-ance and, like that—because of par-tisan politics here, because so many of my colleagues ran for President, in some cases, or ran for the Senate or ran for the House by saying they are going to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, and they are going to get rid of it and not replace it for a couple of years maybe. Governor Kasich, Republican Gov-ernor in my State—also in the Presi-dential race with my friend in the Pre-siding Officer’s chair—has said to the Senate and House, to Ohio’s Repub-lican Members: Don’t cancel the Af-fordable Care Act. Don’t throw people off insurance unless you are going to replace it with something right now that will take care of those people; 700,000 people on Medicaid expansion, another 200,000 people, 26-year-olds, on their parents’ plan, people on the ex-changes, people getting insurance in other ways. When I was talking to Kathy the other day, she was choked up talking about the stress and heartache dealing with a loved one with cancer, how she can’t even bear the thought of adding more insurance worries on top of that. I was speaking to a hospital adminis-trator today at one of Ohio’s great hos-pitals. He said he thinks what this Re-publican Congress is going to do in the Affordable Care Act is morally rep-rehensible. He said: How do I explain to people right in the middle of their treatment that we can’t do it any-more? Because we will not have the re-sources if the Affordable Care Act is re-pealed and the insurance is canceled and the Medicaid expansion is gone and hospitals can’t take care of everybody like they are pretty much now. How do I explain to somebody right in the mid-dle of cancer treatment, right in the middle of another kind of long-term or short-term illness that their insurance has been cut off? Instead of kicking people off their in-surance with no plan to replace it and handing billions of dollars in tax breaks to the drug companies, let us make our first priority lowering drug costs for the people whom we say we are serving. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 12 noon tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:30 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, January 11, 2017, at 12 noon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10JA6.036 S10JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE39 January 10, 2017 
ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE 2017 CON-GRESS-BUNDESTAG/BUNDESRAT EXCHANGE 
HON. PAUL D. RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, since 1983, the U.S. Congress and the German Bundestag and Bundesrat have conducted an annual exchange program for staff members from both countries. The program gives pro-fessional staff the opportunity to observe and learn about each other’s political institutions and interact on issues of mutual interest. A staff delegation from the U.S. Congress will be selected to visit Germany for ten days from Friday, May 26–Sunday, June 4, 2017. During this ten day exchange, the delegation will attend meetings with Bundestag/Bundesrat Members, Bundestag and Bundesrat party staff members, and representatives of numer-ous political, business, academic, and media agencies. A comparable delegation of German staff members will visit the United States for ten days Saturday, April 29–Sunday May 7, 2017. They will attend similar meetings here in Washington. The Congress-Bundestag/Bundesrat Ex-change is highly regarded in Germany and the United States, and is one of several exchange programs sponsored by public and private in-stitutions in the United States and Germany to foster better understanding of the politics and policies of both countries. This exchange is funded by the U.S. Department of State’s Bu-reau of Educational and Cultural Affairs. The U.S. delegation should consist of expe-rienced and accomplished Hill staff who can contribute to the success of the exchange on both sides of the Atlantic. The Bundestag re-ciprocates by sending senior staff profes-sionals to the United States. Applicants should have a demonstrable in-terest in events in Europe. Applicants need not be working in the field of foreign affairs, al-though such a background can be helpful. The composite U.S. delegation should exhibit a range of expertise in issues of mutual concern to the United States and Germany such as, but not limited to, trade, security, the environ-ment, economic development, health care, and other social policy issues. This year’s del-egation should be familiar with transatlantic re-lations within the context of recent world events. Please note that the U.S. participants are expected to plan and implement the meetings and program for the Bundestag/Bundesrat staff members when they visit the United States. Participants are selected by a committee composed of personnel from the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs of the Depart-ment of State and past participants of the ex-change. Members of the House and Senate who would like a member of their staff to apply for participation in this year’s program should di-rect them to submit a resume and cover letter in which they state their qualifications, the contributions they can make to a successful program and some assurances of their ability to participate during the time stated. Applications should be sent to the Office of Interparliamentary Affairs, HC–4, the Capitol, by 5 p.m. on Tuesday, February 28, 2017. 
f 
IMPROVING ACCESS TO MATERNITY CARE ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 9, 2017 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 315, the bipartisan Improving Access to Maternity Care Act which I was pleased to introduce with Representative B
UR-
GESS . Today, millions of expectant mothers in rural and underserved areas in our country face lengthy wait times and have to travel long dis-tances to receive maternity care. Without ade-quate care, they are at increased risk for com-plications and their newborns are at higher risk to endure health problems. Access to ma-ternal health care professionals including OB– GYNs and midwives is a critical component of consistent, high-quality maternal health care from conception through birth. In my home state of California there are only 4,856 OB–GYNs according to the Pew Charitable Trust, for almost 40 million resi-dents, a shortage which can result in dan-gerous health risks and long-term con-sequences for new mothers and their babies. I’m proud to support H.R. 315, which takes an important first step toward meeting the growing need for maternal health care profes-sionals across our country. By directing the collection of data about current access to ma-ternity care, this legislation will identify the ge-ographic regions of our country that face shortages in maternal health care profes-sionals and will eventually result in the dis-tribution of maternal health care professionals, including doctors and midwives to areas of the country where the full scope of their medical practice can be utilized and where they are needed most. This bill makes important progress toward ensuring that all Americans, expectant and new mothers have access to the healthcare they need and deserve. 
f 
EDWARD C. McNAMARA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Edward C. McNamara for his many years of outstanding service with the National Ski Patrol. The National Ski Patrol (NSP), the largest winter rescue organization, is a federally char-tered nonprofit membership association dedi-cated to serving the public and the mountain recreation industry. For 75 years, the NSP has been on the forefront of safety and emergency care education programs. Ed McNamara, a retired U.S. Army National Guard Colonel, has served on federal, state and local emergency medical and Homeland Security advisory committees. He is a nation-ally registered Paramedic and has been de-ployed with federal disaster medical teams re-sponding to national emergencies. Ed began his tenure with the NSP in 1979 when he became a patroller with the Watatic Mountain Ski Patrol in Ashby, Massachusetts. Over the years, Ed has held several leader-ship positions including Outdoor Emergency Care Instructor, National Outdoor Emergency Care Director and Board Chair of the National Ski Patrol. He recently received the pres-tigious Minnie Dole award. This award is one of NSP’s most rarely given awards, which rec-ognizes those exceptional few patrollers who exemplify the long-term dedication, devotion, and self-sacrifice of the founder of the NSP, Charles Minot ‘‘Minnie’’ Dole. Ed has worked passionately over the years to improve outdoor safety care which is re-flected in his exemplary contributions as Chief Editor of the Outdoor Emergency Care Manual 5th Edition. This teaching manual provides a road map for national practices and proce-dures for outdoor safety care. I extend my deepest gratitude to Edward McNamara for his dedication to the continuing education and safety of the snow sport indus-try. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, as we cele-brate the birth of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and reflect on his life and work, we are re-minded of the challenges that democracy poses to us and the delicate nature of liberty. Dr. King’s life and, unfortunately, his untimely death, remind us that we must continually work to secure and protect our freedoms. In his courage to act, his willingness to meet challenges, and his ability to achieve, Dr. King embodied all that is good and true in the battle for liberty. The spirit of Dr. King lives on in the citizens of communities throughout our nation. It lives on in the people whose actions reflect the spirit of resolve and achievement that will help move our country into the future. I am honored to rise today to recognize several individuals from Indiana’s First Congressional District who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JA8.001 E10JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE40 January 10, 2017 
will be recognized during the 38th Annual Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial Breakfast on Saturday, January 14, 2017, at the Genesis Convention Center in Gary, Indiana. The Gary Frontiers Service Club, which was founded in 1952, sponsors this annual breakfast. The Gary Frontiers Service Club will pay tribute to local individuals who have for dec-ades selflessly contributed to improving the quality of life for the people of Gary. This year, Denise C. Dillard and Deacon James Hollo-way will be honored with the prestigious Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Drum Major Award. Ad-ditionally, several individuals will be recog-nized as Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Marchers at this year’s breakfast including Vanessa Allen Ed.D., Natalie Ammons, WD Brewer, Pa-trician Owens-Lee, Reverend R. Jerry Protho, and Kerry Rice Sr. In addition, Dorothy R. Leavell, editor and publisher of The Gary Cru-sader, will be the recipient of the 2017 Gary Frontiers Gratitude Award. Though very different in nature, the achieve-ments of each of these individuals reflect many of the same attributes that Dr. King pos-sessed, as well as the values he advocated. Like Dr. King, these individuals saw chal-lenges and faced them with unwavering strength and determination. Each one of the honored guests’ greatness has been found in their willingness to serve with ‘‘a heart full of grace and a soul generated by love.’’ They set goals and work selflessly to make them a re-ality. Mr. Speaker, I invite you and my other dis-tinguished colleagues to join me in com-mending these honorees, as well as the Gary Frontiers Service Club officers, President Oli-ver J. Gilliam, Vice President James Piggee, Recording Secretary Linnal Ford, Financial Secretary Melvin Ward, and Treasurer/Sev-enth District Director Floyd Donaldson, along with Clorius L. Lay, who has served as Break-fast Chairman for sixteen years, and all other members of the service club for their initiative, determination, and dedication to serving the people of Northwest Indiana. 
f 
INTRODUCING THE IRAQ AND SYRIA GENOCIDE EMERGENCY RELIEF AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2017 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise to announce that my friend A
NNA ESHOO  and I today introduced the Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Account-ability Act of 2017 (H.R. 390). H.R. 390 would require the State Depart-ment and U.S. Agency for International Devel-opment to identify the urgent humanitarian needs of Christians and other genocide sur-vivors from religious minority communities and to start supporting some of the entities effec-tively aiding them on-the-ground. This bill is urgently needed because Chris-tian survivors of the ISIS genocide are facing an emergency. Just before Christmas, I went to Erbil in the Kurdistan region of Iraq to meet with these survivors. They told me the United States had abandoned them. I saw first-hand how the Obama administration has failed to help them. I was in Erbil at the personal invitation of the Chaldean Catholic Archbishop of Erbil, Bashar Warda. More than 70,000 Christians— 10,500 families—who escaped from ISIS have relied on the Archdiocese of Erbil for food, shelter, and medical care to survive. Yet the Obama administration and United Nations have refused to give a single dollar to the Archdiocese to help them. They have been kept alive only because of the generosity of organizations like the Knights of Columbus and Aid to the Church in Need. However, the needs are so great that the Archdiocese is chronically in crisis mode, unsure whether it will soon run out of resources to sustain these Christians. The winter temperatures are freezing and the risk of related illness is high. Iraq’s Chris-tian population is less than 250,000, down from up to 1.4 million in 2002, down from 500,000 in 2013 just before ISIS began tar-geting Christians for genocide. Having fled ISIS, these Christians may have to flee their homelands. Perhaps they will take the little money they have left, and pay smug-glers to get them to Europe. They would risk becoming prisoners of human traffickers or perishing in the Mediterranean Sea, where more than 5,000 refugees and migrants died or went missing in 2016. For a few of these genocide survivors un-able to return home, the only long-term option may be resettlement in a country like the United States as a refugee. Our legislation would create a Priority Two designation that they are of ‘‘special humanitarian concern’’ to the United States. The P–2 designation would ensure that they are able to get an overseas interview with the U.S. government to be con-sidered for the U.S. Refugee Admissions Pro-gram without needing a referral from the United Nations, an NGO, or another U.S. gov-ernment entity. This would not guarantee ac-ceptance and admission and they would have to clear the same security screening as every other Iraqi and Syrian refugee before being admitted. But at least they will be considered. The other key element of our bill focuses on accountability. It would require the U.S. gov-ernment to identify and support some entities that are conducting criminal investigations, and collecting evidence, on perpetrators of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria. This evidence is usa-ble in future criminal trials. Until now, the State Department has been considering these crimes merely as human rights violations, rath-er than as crimes. Archbishop Warda has put it clearly. ‘‘These coming months may well decide the fate of Christianity in Iraq: whether it survives and is given a chance for rebirth; or whether it per-ishes, existing only as a few scattered mu-seum pieces with caretaker clergy, of interest to tourists and academics perhaps, but without the Christian people who had lived there for two-thousand years.’’ As the Syriac Archbishop of Mosul, who had to seek refuge in Erbil from ISIS together with his people, told me during my mission, ‘‘We pray that President Trump will help us. We are the last people to speak the Aramaic lan-guage. Without help, we are finished.’’ Archbishop Nicodemus had reason to be hopeful. On September 9, 2016, at the Voter Values Summit, then-candidate Trump said, ‘‘ISIS is hunting down and exterminating what it calls the Nation of the Cross. ISIS is car-rying out a genocide against Christians in the Middle East. We cannot let this evil continue.’’ If our legislation moves quickly onto the floor for a vote and to President Trump for his signature, I am confident that he will sign it and ensure that it is fully implemented. The Christians of the Middle East are counting on us. Many groups support H.R. 390, including the Knights of Columbus, Family Research Council, In Defense of Christians, 21st Cen-tury Wilberforce Initiative, Commission for International Justice and Accountability, HIAS, Aid the Church in Need USA, Open Doors, A Demand for Action, Yezidi Human Rights Or-ganization International, Religious Freedom In-stitute, Christian Solidarity Worldwide, and Syrian Accountability Project, and Civitas Maxima. It is also supported by all the former U.S. Ambassadors-at Large for War Crimes, David Scheffer (1997 through 2001), Pierre Prosper (2001 through 2005), Clint Williamson (2006 through 2009), and Stephen Rapp (2009 through 2015), as well as the Founding Chief Prosecutor of the Special Court for Sierra Leone, David Crane, the Director of the Cen-ter for Religious Freedom Nina Shea, and the author of Defying ISIS, Rev. Johnnie Moore. Fifteen of our colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, are original cosponsors of H.R. 390. I call on my other colleagues to cospon-sor this bill and help ensure that it gets to the new President as soon as possible so that Christian genocide survivors in Iraq and else-where get the help they so desperately need. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I missed roll call vote numbers 24 through 25 on the floor of the House of Representatives. Had I been present, I would have voted yea to both bills. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing the votes held on January 10, 2017, I was inescapably detained and away handling im-portant matters related to my District and the State of Alabama. If I had been present, I would have voted YES on the Vela ´zquez Amendment, YES on the Clay/Waters Amend-ment, and YES on Final Passage of H.R. 79. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF ROBERT ROSENBAUER ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Rosenbauer, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10JA8.004 E10JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE41 January 10, 2017 
geochemist who joined the USGS in Menlo Park, California, in 1974. He was part of what was then known as the Branch of Pacific and Arctic Marine Geology. He soon established the USGS rock/water/gas interaction labora-tory and worked on theoretical and experi-mental studies of submarine hydrothermal, volcanic, and geothermal systems for more than 22 years. In 1996, Bob Rosenbauer developed a lab-oratory to help understand natural and human- induced stresses on the environment. His di-verse research interests include the use of signature lipid biomarkers and stable isotopes to study nearshore ecosystem processes, changes in microbial diversity in marine sedi-ment linked to contaminants, and the paleo- occurrence of hypoxia in deltaic systems. He led efforts to assess the risk of contami-nated floodwater sediment to human and eco-system health in the aftermath of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, and the potential environ-mental and human-health impacts of the mud volcano in East Java at Sidoarjo. He partici-pated in studies on saline encroachment in the Los Angeles Basin and on hydrocarbon occur-rence along the California coast and in the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary. He led the effort to chemically fingerprint and de-termine the persistence and degradation path-ways of oil from recent spills in San Francisco Bay from the merchant vessel Cosco Busan and in the Gulf of Mexico from the Deepwater Horizon explosion. Bob Rosenbauer led studies on the experi-mental investigation, theoretical modeling, and environmental impacts of CO2 sequestration in geologic formations with colleagues from the national and international scientific com-munity. He is the author or co-author of more than 100 peer-reviewed scientific publications. On September 26, 2011, Bob Rosenbauer was named the new Director of the USGS Pa-cific Coastal and Marine Science Center (PCMSC) in Santa Cruz, California. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Bob Rosenbauer who has devoted more than four decades of his life to science, improving our understanding of our environ-ment and making our country stronger. After giving his entire career in service to science and our nation, Bob Rosenbauer retired from the United States Geological Survey on Janu-ary 3, 2017. He will be honored, together with his wife Terri, on January 15, 2017. Let the entire House of Representatives wish him every blessing in his well deserved retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for roll call votes 12 and 15 on Thursday, January 5, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote 12 and ‘‘yea’’ on roll call 15. CELEBRATING THE CRUSADERS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MARY HAR-DIN-BAYLOR HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the Crusaders of the Uni-versity of Mary Hardin-Baylor who capped a perfect season by defeating the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh Titans 10–7 in the Stagg Bowl to claim their first ever DIII Football Na-tional Championship. It was a game low on points but high on drama. While the Stagg Bowl was contested over the span of four quarters, for UMHB it was a championship 19 years in the making. A pro-gram built from scratch by Coach Pete Fredenburg nearly two decades ago can now call itself the best in the land. Anyone who follows sports knows the truth of these three words: defense wins champion-ships. While high scores thrill the casual fan, the art of shutting down an opponent’s ability to rack up points is what ultimately allows a team to hoist a championship trophy. The Cru-saders’ suffocating defense held the Titans to just 215 yards overall and allowed UMHB to control the game. Their relentless playmaking and defensive intensity, honed through sea-sons of tough practice and a strict commit-ment to football fundamentals, brought home the title for the Crusaders. While football is a team sport, there was great play from the Crusaders’ star players. Quarterback Blake Jackson, the game’s MVP, ended the game with 171 passing yards and 119 rushing yards. Senior linebacker Matt Cody came through in the clutch with a game- sealing interception. It’s no secret that Texans live for football and the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor’s commitment to teamwork and tough physical play represent the very best of our beloved sport. I congratulate the Crusaders on their victory in the Stagg Bowl and wish them con-tinued success in seasons to come. 
f 
DR. JOHN H. COLEMAN 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Dr. John H. Coleman, a long-time Toledo physician who was dedicated to his community. Dr. Coleman was renowned for his empathy and giving nature. In every situation, Dr. Cole-man’s first concern was for others. Friends de-scribe his attitude as always seeking to help others and improve the lives of those he has helped. Dr. Coleman’s spirit was an inspiration to those who worked with him in Toledo, where he served as a family physician for many decades. In 1999 Dr. Coleman was awarded Family Physician of the Year by the Ohio Academy of Family Physicians, a testa-ment to his skills as a doctor and also his leadership and stewardship. Dr. Coleman taught at the former Medical College of Ohio and served on the Lucas County Children Services and Cordelia Martin Health Center Boards. These positions en-abled him to shape the minds and embolden a new generation of physicians who continue to honor him by serving the Toledo commu-nity, including Dr. Imran Andrabi, now the president and chief executive of Mercy Health. It is unsurprising that Dr. Coleman is held in such high esteem by his colleagues. His story is one that cannot be fabricated. Born in Au-gust, 1928, Dr. Coleman grew up in seg-regated Madison, Indiana, the grandson of a slave. At age fifteen he graduated from high school as the class valedictorian. Genius not-withstanding, Dr. Coleman also showed an early desire to serve his community and his country as a Captain in the Army Medical Corps. Dr. Coleman will be dearly missed for his enduring kindness and dedication to his com-munity. Dr. Coleman will now join his son David, who died in 1977. He is survived by his wife, Joan, children Michael, Jeffrey, and Linda, and eight grandchildren. His legacy will survive him in Toledo, where he has shaped the current medical landscape and done so much for the community at large, and for the African-American community as a path-break-ing role model. We offer his family our prayers and hope that they find comfort in the wonder-ful memories of their beloved husband and fa-ther. f 
HONORING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF MR. HENRY MORGENTHAU, III 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 100th birthday of Mr. Henry Mor-genthau, III. Mr. Morgenthau was born at home in New York City on January 11, 1917, to Henry Morgenthau, Jr. and his beloved mother Elinor Fatman. A man of creativity, and vision, a parent, poet, author, film maker and producer, Mr. Morgenthau found his own success in a family known for its achievements in public service. In his 20s, Mr. Morgenthau graduated from Princeton University and served his country as a U.S. Army officer, rising to the rank of Cap-tain, and receiving a Bronze Star. In his 30s, Mr. Morgenthau developed his distinguished career in public broadcasting which lasted into his 60’s. He produced an im-pressive group of documentaries and series, including ‘‘The Negro and the American Prom-ise’’ with Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and James Baldwin; and ‘‘Prospects of Mankind’’ with Eleanor Roosevelt. His work won him and Boston’s WGBH, national acclaim, including Emmy, Peabody, UPI, and other awards and nominations. In his 40s, Mr. Morgenthau married Pro-fessor Ruth Schachter, a refugee of the Holo-caust who became an advisor to Presidents, a world renowned Africa expert, a champion of the underdeveloped world, and a trailblazer for women, among her many significant accom-plishments. Together, Henry and Ruth have three children, Sarah, Henry (Ben), and Kra-mer; and six grandchildren Edward, Henry, Mizia, Henry, Mizia, and Osias. In his 70s, Mr. Morgenthau published ‘‘Most-ly Morgenthaus,’’ a history of an American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10JA8.002 E10JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE42 January 10, 2017 
family known for its remarkable public service. At the outbreak of World War I, his grand-father, Henry Morgenthau, Sr., served as Woodrow Wilson’s U.S. Ambassador to the Sublime Porte (the imperial government of the Ottoman Empire), distinguishing himself in part by his unblinking dispatches about what he described as ‘‘a campaign of race extermi-nation’’ against the Armenians before the term ‘‘genocide’’ had been coined. His father, Henry Morgenthau, Jr., served as Treasury Secretary for eleven years under President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. His brother, Robert Mor-genthau, was named U.S. Attorney by Presi-dent Kennedy, before entering politics as the 1962 Democratic nominee for Governor of NY, and then winning elections to be Manhattan’s longest serving District Attorney. Other distin-guished members of Mr. Morgenthau’s family include his sister Joan Hirschhorn, his first cousin Barbara Tuchman, and his great uncles Governor Herbert Lehman and Chief Judge Ir-ving Lehman of NY. Mr. Morgenthau, along with his father, grandfather, brother, and sister, has distin-guished himself in his dedicated support for American and International Jewry. He and his wife Ruth were named as Harvard Hillel’s 2004 Tribute to Excellence Honorees. His wife served on the board of the American Jewish World Service and his brother was a founder of Manhattan’s Museum of Jewish Heritage. Henry Morgenthau, Sr. led a major relief effort for the Jews in Palestine before it was Israel. Mr. Morgenthau has also been a great sup-porter of Armenia and her people. At 95, Mr. Morgenthau took up poetry as ‘‘a celebration of the evening of a long life.’’ He writes: ‘‘In these precious days I dress my pri-vate demons in these scribblings to come out from behind the shadows that have darkened my long and privileged life.’’ At 96, Mr. Morgenthau published his first poem, and at 99 his first solo book of poetry was published, ‘‘A Sunday in Purgatory.’’ Pul-itzer prize winning poet, Peter Balakian, wrote: ‘‘Morgenthau’s poems are crisp, elegant forays into memory both personal and cultural . . . His surgical examinations of self and his un-flinching stare into mortality define the unique and honest voice of this remarkable first book of poems.’’ A man of elegance, distinction, and sweet-ness, at 100 Mr. Morgenthau remains alive to the world, eager to create more. 
f 
47TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MAR-TIN LUTHER KING JR. OBSERV-ANCE COMMITTEE OF MORRIS-TOWN, NEW JERSEY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask my Colleagues to join me in honoring the Mar-tin Luther King Jr. Observance Committee of Morristown, New Jersey in my Congressional District, which this year is celebrating its 47th Anniversary. Since 1970, the Committee has been dedi-cated to promoting the rich legacy of the life and works of the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. with the involvement of the Morris County community in its annual commemora-tive services. Our community owes a debt of gratitude to Dr. Felicia Jameson, who has officially retired as chairwoman after 30 years of dedicated support of this event. We welcome her suc-cessor, the Reverend Dr. David A. Hollowell, and his continuing willingness to contribute. The observance for 2017 marks the 32nd year that Dr. King’s birthday will be com-memorated as a national holiday. As an ex-pression of local unity and in recognition of this important event, the Martin Luther King Jr. Observance Committee invites the Morris Clergy Council to join with the committee in sponsoring services on Monday, January 16, 2017. This year’s theme ‘‘The Dream at the Cross-roads: Empower Love to Overcome,’’ is the true embodiment of Dr. King’s philosophy and teachings. From those individuals who spear-headed the initial celebration, the late Rachel Viola Jones and Dr. Jamison, the planning ef-forts have broadened to include members of the Morris Area Clergy Council, with rep-resentatives from all major faiths. In addition to the two founders, other volunteers who as-sisted in the early years included Emma L. Martin, George Dorsey, William ‘‘Jack’’ Harris, Reginald and Emanueline Smith, Flora Webb, Norman Jean Matthews, Woody Huff, Eliza-beth Lubar, Cecelia Dowdy, Rabbi Z. David Levy, and the Rev. Charles Marks. The core planning committee is continuing to carry on the tradition of excellence for this great program and has grown to include many dedicated volunteers. Mr. Speaker, I am confident that the Martin Luther King Observance Committee will con-tinue, in the years ahead, to promote the cause of equality and opportunities for all peo-ple to pursue productive, fulfilling lives. I ask you and my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Observance Committee as they celebrate decades of valuable service to our community. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LISA BLUNT ROCHESTER 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I wish to clarify my position for the record on roll call votes cast on January 9, 2017 and January 3, 2017 On Roll Call Vote Number 25, on consider-ation of H.R. 304 I did not vote. It was my in-tention to vote ‘‘Yea.’’ On Roll Call Vote Number 24, on consider-ation of H.R. 315 I did not vote. It was my in-tention to vote ‘‘Yea.’’ On Roll Call Vote Number 3, on consider-ation of H. Res. 5 I did not vote. It was my in-tention to vote ‘‘No.’’ 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF AMBASSADOR KAIRAT UMAROV 
HON. DANA ROHRABACHER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, Ambas-sador Kairat Umarov of Kazakhstan has faith-fully served in Washington, D.C. for the past four years. His steady leadership and commit-ment to building the relationship between our two countries has resulted in stronger ties and raised the profile of Kazakhstan and President Nazarbayev in the West. As he now prepares to complete his time as Ambassador, I wish to mark the occasion by recognizing his many achievements and extending my personal thanks to him. The United States and Kazakhstan share a strategic partnership and a shared interest in preventing nuclear proliferation. Ambassador Umarov has fostered a close working relation-ship between our government and the Kazakh Embassy which has been a key ingredient for many positive steps. Although he will soon de-part Washington, I must mention the Ambas-sador’s significant contributions to the EXPO 2017 event which will take place later this year in Kazakhstan. Over the course of Ambassador Umarov’s time in Washington, I can attest that he is the consummate diplomat, always gracious, even in trying circumstances. While I am sad that his term in our nation’s capital has finished he leaves behind a record of improved relations, not only between governments, but between the people of Kazakhstan and the United States. Lastly, the Ambassador will celebrate his birthday on January 12th and I wish him the very happiest of celebrations. f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF MR. HUBERT WALSH 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career and achievements of Mr. Hu-bert ‘‘Hub’’ Walsh, outgoing chairman of the Merced County Board of Supervisors and longtime servant to the people of Merced. Mr. Walsh has been an eminent figure in Merced politics for many years, occupying various elected positions at the city and county levels. His unfailing drive to serve the people of Merced in all available capacities has ce-mented his legacy as a leader, public figure, and role model in the community. Mr. Walsh arrived in Merced in 1967 with his mother, father, brother, and sister after spending much of his life moving from com-munity to community due to his father’s career in the Air Force. Mr. Walsh graduated from Merced High School in 1968, and moved on to attain his associate degree from Merced Col-lege in 1970. He transferred to the University of California, Berkeley shortly thereafter, and received his Bachelor of Arts in Psychology and Sociology in 1973. Mr. Walsh made the decision to serve his country in the United States Army after graduation, spending the greater portion of his tour of duty in Ft. Lewis, Washington, where he was able to concur-rently earn a master’s degree in Social Science from Pacific Lutheran University. After his service in the Army, Mr. Walsh married his college sweetheart, Rita Arzamendi, with whom he had two children, Melissa and Trav-is. Mr. Walsh then earned a Master’s in Busi-ness Administration from California State Uni-versity, Stanislaus, all the while remaining ac-tive in his church and community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JA8.005 E10JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE43 January 10, 2017 
Mr. Walsh spent over thirty years working in the Merced County Human Services Agency in various positions, which allowed him to af-fect a great deal of positive change throughout the city and county of Merced. Mr. Walsh has been involved in a breadth of public service organizations, playing the role of administrator and advocate for countless causes and groups throughout Merced, ranging from Parks and Recreation to drug abuse prevention pro-grams. Mr. Walsh’s decision to run for Merced City Council in 1995 would foster his long, fruitful career as an elected representative. After serving two terms on the City Council, Mr. Walsh was elected Mayor of Merced in 2001, where he served two terms before win-ning his election bid for a seat on the Merced County Board of Supervisors. During his time as a Councilman, Mayor, and Supervisor, Mr. Walsh’s efforts to reinforce and transform the image of Merced have been immeasurably beneficial for the many people he has served. Mr. Walsh has routinely demonstrated to his colleagues and constituency that no issue is too big or small to tackle. This credence has earned Merced a litany of achievements thanks in large part to Mr. Walsh’s efforts. Although Mr. Walsh’s retirement finds us with a heavy heart, there is no doubt that he will remain an active member of his commu-nity. Mr. Walsh’s passion for public service runs beyond the positions that he has held, but is evidenced throughout his whole career and adult life. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing the remarkable career and achievements of Mr. Hubert Walsh. His tenure in public service will be appreciated for years to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HONOR THE LIFE OF ALBERT J. NADER 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life of Albert J. Nader, who passed away on December 22, 2016, in Palm Springs, California, at the age of 84. He is survived by his wife Gemma Allen Nader, his children Page and Jason, his step-children Bridget and Sean, and six grandchildren. Albert Nader was the son of the late Joshua Nader, an Assyrian immigrant from Iran, and Olga. He was exceedingly proud to be a na-tive Chicagoan and of Assyrian heritage. He grew up near Wrigley Field and attended Blaine Elementary School and Lake View High School where he played baseball and basket-ball. He graduated from DePaul University and served as a First Lieutenant in the U.S. Ma-rine Corps. After his service to our country, he went on to work for Sears, Montgomery Ward, and Rand McNally developing films, globes, maps, and textbooks for libraries and schools, and founded the highly successful ad agency, Nader-Lief. In 1978, against the advice of his wife and other friends, Albert Nader took his innovative vision to help people collect videos and cre-ated Questar to produce, acquire and dis-tribute video programs. Questar offered view-ers videos covering a wide variety of topics, including nature, cooking, and history. Albert Nader found inspiration for programs to create or distribute everywhere he went, including church and family vacations. He guided his groundbreaking vision through changing tech-nology and today his programs are streaming online. Albert was a force of nature, always burst-ing with ideas, implementing them and ad-vancing the causes he believed in. He was a faith-filled man, a long-time supporter of Moody Church, and proud of his Assyrian her-itage. Most recently, he was raising funds for Assyrians caught in the wars in Iraq and Syria. He was a man who loved his family and was devoted to his church, his community and his country. Because of all he did in living a wor-thy life, our country has been bettered im-measurably. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Representatives to join me in ex-pressing our collective sympathy to Albert Nader’s wife and family on the loss of a great and good man, Albert J. Nader. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately I was absent due to illness. However, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 24 and YEA on Roll Call No. 25. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JULIAN SCADDEN 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor today to recognize a truly great citizen of Au-rora, Colorado, Julian Scadden. Julian self-lessly volunteers countless hours in a program known as the ‘VA’s Compassion Corps.’ Those in the Compassion Corps spend time with veterans who have no family or friends to come visit them at VA Hospital Community Living Centers. Julian works as a full time housekeeper at VA Hospital’s Community Living Center, and then will often spend 12 or more hours sitting with veterans afterwards. To say that Julian has a strong commitment to our nation’s vet-erans would be a vast understatement. A veteran himself, Julian enlisted in the Army in 1967 and served in Vietnam. Today, unfortunately, Julian is the last of what were once 20 members of the ‘VA Compassion Corps’ volunteers in the Denver area. It is my hope that his example will inspire others to volunteer for the Compassion Corps which fills such a vital role for those military men and women who have served the United States of America. Thanks to you Julian Scadden. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN J. BENOIT 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to Riverside County Su-pervisor John J. Benoit, who passed away in California on Monday, December 26, 2016. John served the people of Riverside County in many ways throughout his life and he will be deeply missed. John started his career in public service at the Corona Police Department. From there, he embarked on 29 years of service with the Cali-fornia Highway Patrol, which culminated with his promotion to commander of the CHP’s Indio Station. After serving in law enforcement, John became increasingly active in his com-munity. He was elected to the Desert Sands School Board before being elected to the Cali-fornia State Assembly in 2002. John ultimately served three terms in the Assembly during which time he passed significant legislation, including ‘‘Aryanna’s Law’’ to enhance the pro-tection of children in daycare centers. In 2009, John was appointed to the Riverside County Board of Supervisors to carry out the remain-ing term of his friend, Supervisor Roy Wilson, who had passed away. Throughout his life, John was a dedicated, effective and pas-sionate advocate for the Coachella Valley and Riverside County. As a member of the Coachella Valley com-munity, John served in many service organiza-tions, including as past president of both the United Way of the Desert and Indio Rotary. John was an avid pilot, who often flew himself and other legislators up to Sacramento when the Assembly was in session. John and his wife, Sheryl, were married in 1978, and later celebrated the births of their daughter, Sarah, and son, Ben. I had the distinct privilege of knowing John for many years. I was proud to call him my friend and I will deeply miss him. I extend my heartfelt condolences to the Benoit family, his friends, as well as his staff and colleagues. Al-though John may be gone, the many life- changing contributions he made here in River-side County will have a lasting impact. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for roll call votes on Monday, January 9, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call votes 24 and 25. 
f 
HONORING RICHARD NOBLE 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory and life of veteran Rich-ard Noble of the Third Congressional District, and to express my sincerest condolences to his family and loved ones he has left behind, as well as to recognize his steadfast dedica-tion and service to our nation. Richard Noble was a Vietnam War Veteran who was on his way to a Veteran’s Day Cere-mony before a tragic accident claimed his life. Brave men like Richard have enabled us to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JA8.009 E10JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE44 January 10, 2017 
live our daily lives with the free ideals that our country was founded upon. It is important that we continue to honor Richard and all veterans and remind ourselves of how precious our freedom is, so that we never take a day for granted. Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey’s Third Congressional District are tremendously honored to have had Richard Noble as a self-less and dedicated member of their commu-nity and a veteran, who put his life in harm’s way to protect and serve country during a time of need. It is with a heavy heart that I com-memorate his career and life, and recognize the lasting legacy of that he has left behind, before the United State House of Representa-tives. 
f 
HONORING THE SYLVANIA ORDER OF THE SISTERS OF ST. FRANCIS 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a momentous occasion in the life of the Sylvania congregation of the Sisters of St. Francis. The Sylvania Order of the Sisters of St. Francis celebrated its centennial year in 2016. Our entire community honors the note-worthy contributions of the Franciscan’s 100 years of noble service through a celebratory mass. It was Bishop Joseph Schrembs of the To-ledo Catholic Diocese who initially requested religious sisters to teach the children of Polish immigrants in Toledo’s Catholic Schools. On December 8, 1916, the Sylvania Franciscans were founded as a province of the Sisters of St. Francis in Rochester, Minnesota. The Sis-ters were stationed at St. Hedwig School in the North End of Toledo which served as a hub of Polish life in the city. After 89 acres of land was purchased in 1917 through the Rochester community, the Sisters were for-mally established in Sylvania, Ohio. They were known as the Franciscan Sisters of the Im-maculate Conception and were led by Mother Adelaide. In the century that followed, the Sylvania Franciscans branched out from their original call to teach the city’s Polish immigrant chil-dren. They began sharing the Franciscan presence in ministries spanning health care, housing, human services and pastoral care, in addition to education. The Sisters’ work is car-ried forth in eight states and the country of Haiti with 150 Sisters serving our human fam-ily. The Sisters’ ministries are founded on the ‘‘core values of reverence, service, commu-nity, stewardship.’’ The Franciscan Sisters are called ‘‘like Francis of Assisi to live the Gospel in joyful servanthood among all people. The Sisters of St. Francis of Sylvania, Ohio as messengers of peace, commit themselves to works that reverence human dignity, embrace the poor and marginalize, and respect the gift of all creation.’’ Living Christ’s message de-scribed in Matthew 25:40 ‘‘whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sis-ters of mine, you did for me.’’ The Sylvania Sisters of St. Francis celebrated their centen-nial year as an integral part of our community. Their imprimatur is seen everywhere, from the beautiful elegiac campus in Sylvania, to the schools, caring services and hospitals in which they minister, and the Sylvania Franciscan Vil-lage which was established to integrate the Sisters’ ministries. In addition to traditional ministries, the Syl-vania Sisters of St. Francis are leading efforts toward peace and justice and restoring nature. The Sisters note, ‘‘We believe that nature, the arts and culture, and the goodness around us nurture our souls and make us sensitive to Mother Earth and her people.’’ It is that con-nection that truly defines the Sisters of St. Francis. A walk on the grounds of the Sisters of St. Francis is to behold the beauty of nature in all of its glory, to hear the silence and to feel God’s presence everywhere. From the barracks and strawberry patch Mother Adelaide and the 22 pioneering Sisters first established, the grounds of the Sisters of St. Francis now feature many buildings in which the Sisters live and work, shrines, grot-tos, a prayer garden, the Portiuncula Chapel and adjacent Lourdes University. Its mission- style buildings showcase stunning mosaics and works of art crafted by the Sisters them-selves. It is truly an oasis of peace and tran-quility. St. Francis of Assisi said, ‘‘Preach the Gos-pel at all times and when necessary use words.’’ Throughout their one-hundred-year history the Sylvania Sisters of St. Francis have lived this truth. Their presence and their good works demonstrate Christ’s path and God’s deep love. As the kind and generous Sisters go forth toward their next centennial, let us be mindful of the history, but with a vision for the future. Our community gratefully and enthu-siastically joins with them to celebrate the life of this vital and cherished congregation that is the Sylvania Sisters of St. Francis. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBU-TIONS OF STATE REPRESENTA-TIVE DONALD MOFFITT 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor Illinois State Representative Donald Moffitt for his dedication to public service which has tremendously benefitted the people and State of Illinois. Today commemorates his last day as a Representative in the Illinois General Assembly. Representative Moffitt from the 74th House District of Illinois has dedicated twenty-three years to tirelessly serving his constituents in the Illinois General Assembly. His years of service have been distinguished by his com-mitment to providing timely and effective con-stituent service, a top priority for his office. As a leader of the Republican Party in Illinois, he has cultivated a statewide reputation for his dedication to matters concerning Illinois vet-eran’s affairs, agricultural reform, healthcare, and especially, the public safety of Illinois. In 2004, he founded the Illinois General As-sembly’s Fire Caucus, which focuses on pro-moting the goals of Illinois’ fire services. Among its accomplishments is the promotion of funding for Emergency Medical Systems, creating a fire truck loan program, placing sprinkler systems in college and university housing, and reforming hiring practices of fire departments to ensure greater public safety. He is also credited for requiring school buses to install swinging stop signs to ensure the safety of children crossing the street. His out-standing advocacy on public safety issues has not gone unrecognized as he has received nu-merous honors, including the ‘‘Legislator of the Year’’ awards credited to him by the Illinois Association for Fire Protection Districts, the Illi-nois Firefighters Association, and the Northern Illinois Alliance of Fire Protection Districts. Most notably, he recently received the 2016 Northern Alliance of Fire Protection Districts Lifetime Achievement Award. In addition to his advocacy for public safety, Representative Moffitt has also championed the most important issues facing the healthcare industry. As part of this important work, he sponsored a legislation preventing discrimination of insurance companies based on genetic test results, which would later serve as the paradigm for federal legislation of the same topic. Through his work within the Il-linois healthcare field, Representative Moffitt has helped many families receive the nec-essary care and information that they need. Representative Moffitt’s steadfast work to improve the lives of Illinois’ citizens stands as a model for progress to further the greater good and prosperity of the state. He stands as a model for the values and priorities which current—and future—public servants should strive to uphold in order to better our commu-nities. It is an honor to call Representative Moffitt not only a colleague, but a friend of many years. I want to congratulate him on his tireless work to improve public safety and his dedicated service to the State of Illinois. f 
MAKING AVAILABLE A CLASSI-FIED INTELLIGENCE REPORT TO MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE 
HON. DEVIN NUNES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I wish to an-nounce that the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence has voted to make a classified report regarding Russian activities and inten-tions in the recent U.S. election available for review by all Members of the House. The classified report is available for review by Members at the offices of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence in Room HVC–304 of the Capitol Visitors Center. The committee office will be open during regular business hours for the convenience of any Member who wishes to review the report. I recommend that Members wishing to re-view the classified report contact the commit-tee’s chief clerk to arrange a time and date for that viewing. This will assure the availability of appropriately cleared committee staff to assist Members who desire assistance during their review of these classified materials. It is important that Members keep in mind the requirements of clause 13 of House Rule XXIII, which only permits access to classified information by those Members of the House who have signed the oath provided for in the Rules. In addition, the Committee’s rules require that Members agree in writing to a nondisclo-sure agreement. The agreement indicates that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JA8.014 E10JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE45 January 10, 2017 
the Member has been granted access to the classified report and that the Member is famil-iar with the rules of the House and the Com-mittee with respect to the classified nature of that information and the limitations on the dis-closure of that information. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. BARBARA SHANNON-BANNISTER 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor today to recognize the accomplishments of a dear friend of mine, Dr. Barbara Shannon- Bannister, who will be receiving the ‘Trail-blazer Award’ at the 32nd Annual Martin Lu-ther King, Jr. Business Awards. Dr. Shannon-Bannister has a proven record of dedicated civil service, with a career that has benefitted community relations in Aurora, Colorado since 1987. Dr. Shannon-Bannister’s position as Division Chief of Community Rela-tions has given her the opportunity to coordi-nate social relations throughout Aurora and the great State of Colorado. An advocate for civil rights, Dr. Shannon-Bannister’s work has impacted the lives of underserved, minority youth by providing activities in their neighbor-hoods. Additionally, she is President and CEO of a non-profit organization, Grand Design INC. This foundation works to preserve African American culture through community outreach, hosting concerts and visual art performances. In celebrating the legacy and work of Dr. King, I can think of no one better to receive such a prestigious award. Congratulations to Dr. Shannon-Bannister on this excellent achievement. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JOHN ROTZ 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to recognize a local businessman in Vir-ginia’s 10th District, John Rotz, who will be re-tiring and passing along his business to his son Jason. Rotz Pharmacy is a landmark in Winchester and is the only independent phar-macy left in the area. John Rotz has quite the entrepreneurial history and a pharmaceutical background. Mr. Rotz was the son of a pharmacist and from a young age was passionate about help-ing others. At the age of 23, while still study-ing at the Medical College of Virginia, he opened up his first pharmacy in 1976, Barry’s Drug Store. Despite his age and lack of re-sources, Mr. Rotz always maintained a strong work ethic and customer-first attitude and was able to expand to a larger location after only 2 years of operation. This location, which changed to Medical Circle Pharmacy, was open for 26 years before the pharmacy moved to Amherst Street and became Rotz Pharmacy in 2004. Over the years, Mr. Rotz never lost sight of the core values of a family-owned small business, and the store is widely recog-nized for its traditional feel. In today’s society, family owned small busi-nesses are crucial to the future of our nation. It is families like the Rotz family who help fos-ter strong, local economies by establishing successful business practices that can be car-ried out for generations. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding John Rotz for his dedication to serving our community for so many years. I wish Mr. Rotz the best in retirement and wish Jason all the best in managing the pharmacy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10JA8.017 E10JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D28 Tuesday, January 10, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S181–S221 Measures Introduced: Eighteen bills and three res-olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 76–93, and S. Res. 9–11.
                                                          Pages S204–05 
Measures Considered: Budget Resolution—Agreement: Senate continued consideration of S. Con. Res. 3, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2017 and setting forth the ap-propriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                         Pages S184–87, S187–99, S220 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 31 yeas to 67 nays (Vote No. 5), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, and applicable budget resolu-tions, with respect to Enzi (for Flake) Amendment No. 52, to strengthen Social Security and Medicare, to reform Medicaid without prioritizing able-bodied adults over the disabled, and to return regulation of insurance to State governments. Subsequently, the point of order that the amendment was in violation of Section 305(b)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 was sustained, and thus the amendment fell. 
                                                                                              Page S191 
By 49 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 6), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 with respect to Sanders Amend-ment No. 19, relative to Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Subsequently, the point of order that the amendment was in violation of Section 305(b)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 was sus-tained, and thus the amendment fell.
               Page S191 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing for further consideration of the concurrent resolution at approximately 12 noon, on Wednesday, January 11, 2017, with three hours of debate re-maining on the resolution for the majority, and three hours for the minority.                                             Page S220 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S200 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S200 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S200–04 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S205–06 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S206–08 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S209–11 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S220 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S220 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—6)
                                                                        Page S191 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12 noon and ad-journed at 6:30 p.m., until 12 noon on Wednesday, January 11, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S. 220) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
CIVILIAN CONTROL OF THE ARMED FORCES Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine civilian control of the Armed Forces, after receiving testimony from Eliot A. Cohen, Johns Hopkins School of Advanced Inter-national Studies, and Kathleen H. Hicks, Center for Strategic and International Studies International Se-curity Program, both of Washington, D.C. ONLINE SEX TRAFFICKING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations concluded a hearing to examine Backpage.com’s fa-cilitation of online sex trafficking, after receiving tes-timony from Carl Ferrer, Michael Lacey, James Larkin, Elizabeth McDougall, and Andrew Padilla, all of Backpage.com, Dallas, Texas, and other public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JA7.REC D10JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D29 January 10, 2017 
NOMINATION Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of General John F. Kelly, USMC (Ret.), to be Secretary of Homeland Security, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senators Carper and McCain, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. NOMINATION Committee on the Judiciary: Committee began hearings to examine the nomination of Jeff Sessions, of Ala-bama, to be Attorney General, Department of Jus-tice, after the nominee, who was introduced by Sen-ators Shelby and Collins, testified and answered questions in his own behalf, but did not complete action thereon. Hearings recessed subject to the call and will meet again at 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, January 11, 2017. RUSSIAN INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Russian activities and intentions in recent United States elections, after receiving tes-timony from James Clapper, Director of National In-telligence; John Brennan, Director, Central Intel-ligence Agency; Admiral Michael Rogers, USN, Di-rector, National Security Agency, Department of De-fense; and James Comey, Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Department of Justice. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 43 pub-lic bills, H.R. 388–430; and 8 resolutions, H.J. Res. 26; and H. Res. 36–39, 41–43, were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H297–99 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Pages H300–01 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H. Res. 40, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 78) to improve the consideration by the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission of the costs and benefits of its regulations and orders; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 238) to reauthorize the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to better protect futures customers, to provide end-users with market certainty, to make basic reforms to en-sure transparency and accountability at the Commis-sion, to help farmers, ranchers, and end-users manage risks, to help keep consumer costs low, and for other purposes; and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–3). 
                                                                                              Page H297 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Webster (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                            Page H239 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:42 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                                Page H245 Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 248 yeas to 162 nays with 3 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 28. 
                                                                                Pages H245, H258 
Administration of the Oath of Office: Representa-tive-elect Schrader presented himself in the well of the House and was administered the oath of office by the Speaker.
                                                     Pages H245–46 
Whole Number of the House: Under clause 5(d) of Rule 20, the Chair announced to the House that, in light of the administration of the oath of office to the Member-elect, the whole number of the House is 435.
                                                                Page H246 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 36, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
                Page H249 
Privileged Resolution: The House agreed to H. Res. 37, providing for the attendance of the House at the Inaugural Ceremonies of the President and Vice President of the United States.
                 Page H249 
Committee Election: The House agreed to H. Res. 39, electing a Member to a certain standing com-mittee of the House of Representatives.
          Page H259 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Energy Efficient Government Technology Act: H.R. 306, to amend the Energy Independence and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JA7.REC D10JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD30 January 10, 2017 
Security Act of 2007 to promote energy efficiency via information and computing technologies; 
                                                                                      Pages H266–68 
Small Business Broadband Deployment Act: H.R. 288, to ensure that small business providers of broadband Internet access service can devote re-sources to broadband deployment rather than com-pliance with cumbersome regulatory requirements; 
                                                                                      Pages H268–70 
Inspiring the Next Space Pioneers, Innovators, Researchers, and Explorers (INSPIRE) Women Act: H.R. 321, to inspire women to enter the aero-space field, including science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics, through mentorship and out-reach;
                                                                         Pages H270–73 
Promoting Women in Entrepreneurship Act: H.R. 255, to authorize the National Science Founda-tion to support entrepreneurial programs for women; 
                                                                                      Pages H273–75 
Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2017: H.R. 239, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide for innovative research and devel-opment;
                                                                    Pages H275–77 
Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2017: H.R. 240, amended, to encourage engagement be-tween the Department of Homeland Security and technology innovators; and
                             Pages H277–79 
Modernizing Government Travel Act: H.R. 274, amended, to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees trav-eling on official Government business.
    Pages H279–80 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:50 p.m. and recon-vened at 5:20 p.m.
                                                     Page H280 
Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act: The House passed H.R. 79, to clarify the definition of general solicitation under Federal securities law, by a yea-and-nay vote of 344 yeas to 73 nays, Roll No. 31.
                                                             Pages H259–66, H280–83 
Rejected: Vela´zquez amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–2) that sought to require the event sponsor to provide attendees with a written disclo-sure outlining the nature of the event and the risks of investing in the securities for sale; would also clarify that attendance at an event does not in itself establish a pre-existing relationship for purposes of Rule 506(b) (by a recorded vote of 167 ayes to 249 noes, Roll No. 29); and
                  Pages H264–65, H280–81 
Clay amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–2) that sought to limit the types of fees ‘‘demo day’’ sponsors can collect and requires an issuer to be a real business (by a recorded vote of 163 ayes to 253 noes, Roll No. 30).                                                                     Pages H265–66, H281–82 
H. Res. 33, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 5) and (H.R. 79) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 27, after the previous question was ordered by a yea- and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 179 nays, Roll No. 26. 
                                                                                      Pages H249–58 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Tested Ability to Leverage Exceptional National Talent Act of 2017: H.R. 39, to amend title 5, United States Code, to codify the Presidential Inno-vation Fellows Program.
                                  Pages H283–85 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and three recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H259, H257–58, H258, H281, H281–82, and H282–83. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:20 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
SEC REGULATORY ACCOUNTABILITY ACT; COMMODITY END-USER RELIEF ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 78, the ‘‘SEC Regulatory Accountability Act’’; and H.R. 238, the ‘‘Commodity End-User Relief Act’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a struc-tured rule for H.R. 78. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services or their respective des-ignees. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part A of the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. Additionally, the rule grants a structured rule for H.R. 238. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JA7.REC D10JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D31 January 10, 2017 
and controlled by the Majority Leader and the Mi-nority Leader or their respective designees. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of the Rules Committee Print 115–2, and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in part B of the Rules Com-mittee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be of-fered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. In section 3, the rule provides that on any leg-islative day during the period from January 16, 2017, through January 20, 2017: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjourn-ment. In section 4, the rule provides that the Speak-er may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 3. In section 5, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of Jan-uary 13, 2017, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV, and that the Speaker or his des-ignee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consid-eration pursuant to this section. Testimony was heard from Chairman Conaway and Representatives Wagner and Lucas. ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING; BUSINESS MEETING Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held an organizational meeting for the 115th Congress; and a business meeting to consider an ac-cess request. The committee adopted its rules for the 115th Congress. A motion, pursuant to Committee Rule 14(i), that the Committee call to the attention of the House the Classified Intelligence Community Assessment Regarding Russian Activities and Inten-tions in the Recent U.S. Election passed. This meet-ing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D10) 
S. 3084, to invest in innovation through research and development, and to improve the competitive-ness of the United States. Signed on January 6, 2017. (Public Law 114–329) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Elaine L. Chao, to be Secretary of Transportation, 10:15 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Rex Wayne Tillerson, of Texas, to be Secretary of State, 9 a.m., SD–106. Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. Res. 6, objecting to United Nations Security Council Resolu-tion 2334 and to all efforts that undermine direct nego-tiations between Israel and the Palestinians for a secure and peaceful settlement, and protocol to the North Atlan-tic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro (Trea-ty Doc. 114–12), 6 p.m., S–216, Capitol. Committee on the Judiciary: to continue hearings to ex-amine the nomination of Jeff Sessions, of Alabama, to be Attorney General, Department of Justice, 9:30 a.m., SR–325. 
House 
Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, or-ganizational meeting for the 115th Congress, 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10JA7.REC D10JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD32 January 10, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 12 noon, Wednesday, January 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 3, Budget Resolution. Senate ex-pects to begin votes on or in relation to amendments to the concurrent resolution at approximately 6 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, January 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 5— Regulatory Accountability Act of 2017. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blunt Rochester, Lisa, Del., E42 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E40 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E43 Carter, John R., Tex., E41 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E43, E45 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E45 Costa, Jim, Calif., E42 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E39, E40, E43 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E42 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E41, E43 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E41, E44 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E44 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E43 Nunes, Devin, Calif., E44 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E39 Perry, Scott, Pa., E43 Rohrabacher, Dana, Calif., E42 Ryan, Paul D., Wisc., E39 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E41 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E40 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E40 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E39 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:50 Jan 11, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D10JA7.REC D10JAPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST