Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, it is good news that the jobless rate has dropped to 4.3 percent, the lowest level in more than a decade. However, we still face tough challenges in building an economy that supplies employers with the talent needed to be competitive and in educating workers with the skills needed for success in today’s economy. Because our economy increasingly requires a more skilled workforce, the next generation of workers needs education beyond the traditional high school degree to find goodpaying jobs that enable them to move up the career ladder and firmly into the middle class. To solve these challenges, we need a strong demanddriven workforce development system that aligns education with the needs of employers. That is why the Committee on Education and the Workforce, which I am proud to chair, recently advanced, with unanimous support, legislation that will strengthen skillsfocused education and help equip more students with the skills they need to achieve success. However, the real solutions lie outside of Washington. That is why I am pleased the private sector is leading the way so that workers in industries have the skills to compete and prosper in the global economy. I want to commend companies like JPMorgan Chase, Toyota, IBM, Boeing, and so many others for their commitment to creating publicprivate partnerships aimed at closing our skills gap and helping America’s employers and workers succeed. Recently, I had the opportunity to join a roundtable discussion with workforce development experts from a wide array of nonprofits, educational institutions, and workforce development leaders. They are working with employers to build sustainable and robust pipelines of talent to fill growing needs in critical sectors, such as healthcare and technology. Communities across the country are looking to power their businesses with talent from their local communities, and they are doing this by developing partnerships that focus on employer engagement strategies, creating or expanding career pathways, reducing barriers to employment, and more effectively connecting students and graduates to jobs. Helping people gain the skills they need to compete in the workforce is also a powerful approach to expanding access to opportunity and promoting economic mobility, because even as the economy improves, there are still vulnerable people at risk of being left behind. Without the right skills and meaningful postsecondary credentials, these young people face entering the workforce without very bright prospects or, worse, unemployed and out of school. We also need to create more opportunities for workers to obtain goodpaying jobs that require more than a high school diploma but less than a college degree. This can help reduce unemployment by aligning education programs with the skills employers need. As an example, JPMorgan Chase’s New Skills for Youth initiative is helping expand highquality education programs that begin in high school and end with postsecondary credentials and lead to longterm careers. Young people can gain the skills needed to enter highpaying occupations in growing fields, such as robotics, medical science, and coding, to build a promising future. Failing to prepare young people with the right skills and education for these jobs is a missed opportunity for them personally, for our country, and our economy. By working together on educational initiatives like New Skills for Youth, employers, nonprofits, and educational institutions can drive economic growth, promote greater mobility in communities throughout the country, and help more Americans achieve a lifetime of success. 
HONORING FALLEN SAILORS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HILL). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, firstly, I could not take this microphone on this occasion and not remember Congressman SCALISE , his injuries, and wish him and his family well, and the other victims of the cowardly and horrific assault on our colleagues and on our government last week in Virginia, but I came here specifically to honor seven Americans who died on the USS Fitzgerald. Seven United States naval soldiers died when the Fitzgerald collided with a Japanese freighter. And there was a story this morning in The New York Times, another on the Daily Beast, and I am sure there are others, that caught my attention. 
The New York Times story showed the divergent backgrounds of these seven sailors. They are all Americans, but one has roots in Okinawa, another’s roots were in the Philippines, another Vietnam, another Guatemala, then there was an Ohioan and a Virginian and a sailor named Martin from Maryland. They are representative of our United States Navy, from different backgrounds, given an opportunity to serve our country, some because they are helping their families, some to gain citizenship, but all to serve our Nation, and all seven of these gentlemen lost their lives. I had the honor of going on a naval sub about 10 days ago, the Providence, and I saw the camaraderie on that ship. There were no Caucasian sailors or AfricanAmerican sailors or AsianAmerican or LatinAmerican; there weren’t gay or straight sailors. They were United States sailors, United States Navy personnel. And they come together in a camaraderie to serve our country and to serve each other as shipmates in a way that is gratifying to witness and is special for our Nation. Now, I want to mention who these sailors were, because they need to be memorialized here. Xavier Martin was from Maryland; Shingo Douglass was from Okinawa and San Diego, California; Dakota Rigsby, Palmyra, Virginia; Carlos Sibayan from Chula Vista, California, but the Philippines was the spot of origin, and his grandfather, who is a Filipino, also served in our United States Navy; Ngoc Truong Huynh, Vietnam, Oakville, Connecticut; Noe Hernandez was from Texas by way of Guatemala; and finally, Gary Rehm, Jr., from Ohio. The Daily Beast told me something about Gary Rehm, Jr., that I wouldn’t have garnered from The New York Times story that was so wonderful as it described the backgrounds and really the rainbow that these seven men made of America. Gary Rehm was due to finish his service in 3 months, and he considered everybody on that ship, all the sailors, his kids. He had no children of his own, but the sailors were his kids. He rescued up to 20 sailors to see to it after the crash that they survived and then went to try to rescue six others, and it is at that point that Gary Rehm lost his life. He lost his life serving his shipmates, as he called them, his kids, his fellow sailors. They were shipmates and sailors and United States naval personnel. They weren’t Filipinos or Vietnamese or any other description. Gary Rehm, Jr., was a hero trying to save others. The other six were heroes, too, serving our country, and they lost their lives. It was a great experience to be on the Providence, and it is a great honor to represent Millington Naval Air Base, which serves our country for personnel and recruitment purposes. I am honored to be in this Congress, but more honored to represent people in the United States Naval Academy. I thank those seven for their valiant efforts and for giving their lives in service to their country. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 9 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MITCHELL ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God, Father of us all, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Please send Your spirit upon this assembly, that the men and women who serve the United States in contentious times such as these might better work together for the benefit of our Nation. This is not easy, so bless them with Your wisdom and give them the patience and understanding to rise to the demands of their calling. So also we ask Your blessing upon our world, where so many live and unfortunately die in nations and regions cursed by violence and division. Lord, have mercy. Lord, be with us this day and all days, and may all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEI DER) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SCHNEIDER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WORLD REFUGEE DAY (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on World Refugee Day to share the remarkable story of one of my younger constituents, 8yearold Raul Ortiz. Raul was born amidst the gangdriven violence in Honduras. When he was 5, Raul was kidnapped and held for ransom by a crime cartel. Following his release, he and his mother later fled to the safety and the security offered by the United States. Raul and his mom rightly worried for their security if they were forced to return to Honduras, and are seeking asylum in our country. Raul is visiting Washington today to share a letter he wrote to President Trump to remember and protect refugee children like himself. Writing of what the United States means to him, Raul writes: ‘‘Here we are safe, and we have hope to see another tomorrow.’’ Mr. Speaker, we are a country that was founded and built by immigrants and refugees, many fleeing oppression and violence. Raul’s story is our story. We cannot allow the door of opportunity and safety to close on the next generation of Americans like Raul seeking refuge here. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 19, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on June 19, 2017, at 1:49 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 782. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 3 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 3 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1506 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. CHENEY ) at 3 o’clock and 6 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1393) to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties performed in other States. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1393 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. LIMITATIONS ON STATE WITHHOLDING AND TAXATION OF EMPLOYEE INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No part of the wages or other remuneration earned by an employee who performs employment duties in more than one State shall be subject to income tax in any State other than— (1) the State of the employee’s residence; and (2) the State within which the employee is present and performing employment duties for more than 30 days during the calendar year in which the wages or other remuneration is earned. (b) WAGES OR OTHER REMUNERATION .— Wages or other remuneration earned in any calendar year shall not be subject to State income tax withholding and reporting requirements unless the employee is subject to income tax in such State under subsection (a). Income tax withholding and reporting requirements under subsection (a)(2) shall apply to wages or other remuneration earned as of the commencement date of employment duties in the State during the calendar year. (c) OPERATING RULES .—For purposes of determining penalties related to an employer’s State income tax withholding and reporting requirements— (1) an employer may rely on an employee’s annual determination of the time expected to be spent by such employee in the States in which the employee will perform duties absent— (A) the employer’s actual knowledge of fraud by the employee in making the determination; or (B) collusion between the employer and the employee to evade tax; (2) except as provided in paragraph (3), if records are maintained by an employer in the regular course of business that record the location of an employee, such records shall not preclude an employer’s ability to rely on an employee’s determination under paragraph (1); and (3) notwithstanding paragraph (2), if an employer, at its sole discretion, maintains a time and attendance system that tracks where the employee performs duties on a daily basis, data from the time and attendance system shall be used instead of the employee’s determination under paragraph (1). (d) DEFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .—For purposes of this Act: (1) DAY.— (A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), an employee is considered present and performing employment duties within a State for a day if the employee performs more of the employee’s employment duties within such State than in any other State during a day. (B) If an employee performs employment duties in a resident State and in only one nonresident State during one day, such employee shall be considered to have performed more of the employee’s employment duties in the nonresident State than in the resident State for such day. (C) For purposes of this paragraph, the portion of the day during which the employee is in transit shall not be considered in determining the location of an employee’s performance of employment duties. (2) EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘employee’’ has the same meaning given to it by the State in which the employment duties are performed, except that the term ‘‘employee’’ shall not include a professional athlete, professional entertainer, qualified production employee, or certain public figures. (3) PROFESSIONAL ATHLETE .—The term ‘‘professional athlete’’ means a person who performs services in a professional athletic event, provided that the wages or other remuneration are paid to such person for performing services in his or her capacity as a professional athlete. (4) PROFESSIONAL ENTERTAINER .—The term ‘‘professional entertainer’’ means a person of prominence who performs services in the professional performing arts for wages or other remuneration on a perevent basis, provided that the wages or other remuneration are paid to such person for performing services in his or her capacity as a professional entertainer. (5) QUALIFIED PRODUCTION EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘qualified production employee’’ means a person who performs production services of any nature directly in connection with a State qualified, certified or approved film, television or other commercial video production for wages or other remuneration, provided that the wages or other remuneration paid to such person are qualified production costs or expenditures under such State’s qualified, certified or approved film incentive program, and that such wages or other remuneration must be subject to withholding under such film incentive program as a condition to treating such wages or other remuneration as a qualified production cost or expenditure. (6) CERTAIN PUBLIC FIGURES .—The term ‘‘certain public figures’’ means persons of prominence who perform services for wages or other remuneration on a perevent basis, provided that the wages or other remuneration are paid to such person for services provided at a discrete event, in the nature of a speech, public appearance, or similar event. (7) EMPLOYER .—The term ‘‘employer’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3401(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 3401(d)), unless such term is defined by the State in which the employee’s employment duties are performed, in which case the State’s definition shall prevail. (8) STATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means any of the several States. (9) TIME AND ATTENDANCE SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘time and attendance system’’ means a system in which— (A) the employee is required on a contemporaneous basis to record his work location for every day worked outside of the State in which the employee’s employment duties are primarily performed; and (B) the system is designed to allow the employer to allocate the employee’s wages for income tax purposes among all States in which the employee performs employment duties for such employer. (10) WAGES OR OTHER REMUNERATION .—The term ‘‘wages or other remuneration’’ may be limited by the State in which the employment duties are performed. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—This Act shall take effect on January 1 of the second calendar year that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) APPLICABILITY .—This Act shall not apply to any tax obligation that accrues before the effective date of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 1393, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, the Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act provides a clear, uniform framework for when States may tax nonresident employees who travel to the taxing State to perform work. In particular, this bill prevents States from imposing income tax compliance burdens on nonresidents who work in a foreign State for 30 days or fewer in a year. The State tax laws that determine when a nonresident must pay a foreign State’s income tax and when employers must withhold this tax are numerous and varied. Some States tax income earned within their borders by nonresidents even if the employee only works in the State for just 1 day. These complicated rules impact everyone who travels for work and many industries. As just one example, the Judiciary Committee heard testimony in 2015 that the patchwork of State laws resulted in a manufacturing company issuing 50 W–2s to a single employee for a single year. The company executive also noted, regarding the compliance burden, that ‘‘many of our affected employees make less than $50,000 per year and have limited resources to seek professional advice.’’ States generally allow a credit for income taxes paid to another State; however, it is not always dollar for dollar when local taxes are factored in. Credits also do not relieve workers of substantial paperwork burdens. There are substantial burdens on employers as well. The committee heard 
testimony in 2014 that businesses, including small businesses, that operate interstate are subject to significant regulatory burdens with regard to compliance with nonresident State income tax withholding laws. These burdens distract from productive activity and job creation. Nevertheless, some object that the States will lose revenue if the bill is enacted. However, an analysis from Ernst & Young found that the bill’s revenue impact is minimal. There is little motive for fraud and gaming because the amount of money at issue, taxes on less than 30 days’ wages, is minimal. Also, the income tax generally has to be paid; the question is merely to whom. Nor does this bill violate federalism principles. On the contrary, it is an exercise of Congress’ Commerce Clause authority in precisely the situation for which it was intended. The Supreme Court has explained that the Commerce Clause was informed by structural concerns about the effects of State regulation on the national economy. Under the Articles of Confederation, State taxes and duties hindered and suppressed interstate commerce. The Framers intended the Commerce Clause as a cure for these structural ills. This bill fits squarely within this authority by bringing uniformity to cases of de minimis presence by interstate workers in order to reduce compliance costs. Last year’s version of the bill passed the House on suspension by voice vote. This year’s version is nearly identical, with two changes: The professional entertainer exemption is narrowed from ‘‘a person who performs services’’ to ‘‘a person of prominence who performs services’’ in order to ensure that other entertainers retain the benefit of the bill’s protections. Second, the list of exclusions is expanded to cover film production employees if associated tax credits for instate productions are contingent on withholding film production wages earned in the State. This avoids disruption in such arrangements. I commend the bill’s lead sponsors, Representatives BISHOP and J OHNSON , and thank all of the bill’s cosponsors. Madam Speaker, I urge the bill’s passage, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1393. This bill represents a major assault on the sovereignty of the States, and it does particular damage to my home State of New York, depriving it of more than $100 million a year of its own tax revenue, which hardly fits the de minimis description by the gentleman from Virginia. The Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act would prohibit States from collecting income tax from an individual unless the person works more than 30 days in that State in a calendar year. Simplifying and harmonizing the rules on tax collection across the country is a worthy goal, and I support efforts by the States and the Multistate Tax Commission to resolve the issue. New York has been an active participant in these negotiations and wants to reach a fair solution. But imposing a solution on States, and one that would cause a large financial burden on particular States, is clearly not the answer. The power to tax is a key index of sovereignty; yet this legislation would prohibit States from taxing activity solely within their own borders except as prescribed in the bill. I think that is constitutionally dubious. Although I take a broad view generally of the Commerce Clause, I doubt it extends to authorizing Federal regulation of a State’s ability to tax a person doing business within that State’s own borders. This bill is also deeply troubling as a matter of policy. Under this legislation, if you work in a State of which you are not a resident for fewer than 30 days, your income will not be subject to tax by that State. That amounts to 6 weeks of 5day workweeks. While a de minimis exception may make some sense, I hardly think that 6 weeks is de minimis. Ultimately, the threshold for taxation is for each State to decide for itself. If I were still a member of the New York Legislature, I would consider the political and economic merits of taxing outofState business activity, and I would vote based on what I thought was best for my State. But by what right does Congress step in to tell New York that it must forego more than $100 million a year based on economic activity that occurs entirely within its borders? In some States, the 30day threshold may not have a great fiscal impact. But New York State, for example, is home to New York City, the Nation’s center of commerce, which also sits right across the river from New Jersey and a very short distance from Connecticut. This makes New York a major destination for outofState business travelers and makes it, by far, the hardest hit State under this bill. According to the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance, losses could be up to $120 million a year for New York. b1515 This enormous financial loss would come at a time that the President and the Republican Congress are proposing to shift significant responsibilities to the States, while simultaneously slashing Federal assistance. If we further deprive New York of $120 million each year, and limit its ability to tax activity occurring within its own borders, vital services like education, law enforcement, and healthcare could all be on the chopping block. During consideration of H.R. 1393 in the Judiciary Committee, I offered two amendments that would have mitigated its impact. The first would have reduced the bill’s 30day threshold to a far more reasonable 14 days, which is still almost 3 weeks of work without being subject to taxation. The other would have added highly paid individuals to the bill’s list of exemptions, which would help avoid loopholes that could allow wealthy people to escape millions of dollars of taxation. Had my amendments been accepted, the expected impact on New York would have been reduced by as much as $85 million a year. While still causing a significant drain on resources, these amendments would have gone a long way to making the bill fairer, while still achieving its underlying goals. Unfortunately, these amendments were defeated, and, therefore, I must oppose the bill. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds to respond to the gentleman from New York. I would like to point out that those revenues that might flow to New York because of their onerous system of imposing taxation for as little as one day’s work in New York redounds to the benefit of the other 49 States, who would then receive that tax benefit, as it properly should. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ), the lead sponsor of the legislation. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. I am grateful for this opportunity to speak on my bipartisan, bicameral bill, H.R. 1393, the Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act. Madam Speaker, the 10th Amendment gives States the freedom to set their own public policy. It is important, however, that they do so in a way that does not infringe upon the Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution, which gives jurisdiction over interstate commerce to Congress. With our constitutional mandate in mind, at a time of rapid expansion in our workforce and an increasingly global and mobile economy, it is incumbent upon Congress to simplify and ease the complex burden that is imposed on interstate commerce activity. In my 25 years as an attorney and a smallbusiness owner, I am uniquely aware of the task of complying with the complexities of the various State income taxes, especially when you travel to another State for business. The burden to comply is a particular burden to small businesses, as well as their employees, because they simply do not have the resources and cannot absorb the compliance costs. As a result, the current tax framework puts smaller businesses, the very backbone of our economy, at a substantial competitive disadvantage relative to larger businesses. 
And complex reporting requirements punish the employees, too. The time and overall expenses that result from filing all of this paperwork is overwhelming, and, in many cases, financially devastating. It is all because they had the audacity to work outside of their home State. Rather than driving profits back into their businesses and community by expanding payrolls and reducing the price of consumer goods, businesses are being forced to spend their hard earned, scarce resources on complying with a menagerie of convoluted and ridiculous State income tax laws. While crafting this legislation in committee, we heard a lot of anecdotal information and a lot of personal testimonials. In fact, we heard firsthand testimony from an employee, indicating that his employer had to file over 10,000 W–2s on behalf of their numerous employees, primarily because they had crossed State lines for work. He went on to tell us one of his coworkers had to file 50 W–2s—that is 50 W–2s—just for himself. That didn’t make sense to us, and it certainly doesn’t make sense to most Americans. Imagine an individual, making less than $50,000 a year, having to file 10, 20, or even 50 W–2s. It is ridiculous, and it is unacceptable. Madam Speaker, I am an ardent defender of the United States Constitution—in particular, the 10th Amendment—which delegates authority not granted to the Federal Government, to the States. That said, the Constitution gives plenary jurisdiction to Congress relative to the regulation of interstate commerce, under Article I, section 8. It is, therefore, as in this case, the constitutional responsibility of Congress to identify and respond to an increasingly mobile and global economy and relieve it of unnecessary burdensome compliance requirements resulting from a patchwork of unique State income tax laws. And that is why many groups that advocate on behalf of States, such as the American Legislative Exchange Council, agree with this legislation, because H.R. 1393 is the type of simple and streamlined interstate commerce regulation Congress should be enacting. In fact, there are more than 300 outside organizations that have encouraged support of this bill. With the help of my colleague, HANK JOHNSON , on the other side of the aisle, our Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act is a carefully crafted, bipartisan, and bicameral measure that streamlines State income tax laws across the Nation. It creates a uniform threshold, giving nonresidents 30 days to work in another State without being liable for that State’s income tax. This simple and straightforward language ensures employees will have a clear understanding of their tax liability, and it gives employers a clear and consistent rule so that they can plan and accurately predict their tax liability, knowing the same rule applies for all States with an income tax. It also means much less paperwork and reduced compliance costs for both States and businesses and their employees. The goal of H.R. 1393 is to protect our mobile workers, and that includes traveling emergency workers and first responders; trade union workers; nonprofit staff; teachers; Federal, State, and local government employees; and much more. Any organization that has employees who cross State lines for temporary periods will benefit from this law. I would also note that great care was taken with this bill to diminish the impact on State revenues. You heard testimony earlier relative to its impact on State governments. In fact, a 2015 study by Ernst & Young found that H.R. 1393 would actually raise State income tax revenues, while other States would only see a de minimis change. With that said, I would like to take this time to thank all of the members of the Mobile Workforce Coalition who support our bill; Chairman GOODLATTE  and his world class staff for all of their work; my 57 colleagues who cosponsored this in the House; as well as Senator THUNE , Senator B ROWN , and nearly half of the United States Senate who have cosponsored our companion bill. Madam Speaker, as Congress continues to work on comprehensive tax reform to jump start our economy and to provide relief for American families and businesses, the Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act is a great start to streamline the Tax Code and roll back unnecessary and costly administrative burdens. With so much red tape interwoven in today’s Tax Code, this bill is a commonsense way to cut through the clutter and simplify part of the filing process moving forward. Together, we can make our workforce the priority and help our small businesses grow and prosper. Madam Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 1393. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman NADLER  for yielding. Madam Speaker, H.R. 1393, the Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2017, is an important, bipartisan bill that will help workers and small businesses across the country—large businesses, also. As the proud sponsor of this legislation in both the 110th and 111th Congresses, I am very familiar with how hard legislators on both sides of the aisle have worked since then to bring this bill to this point. I want to thank the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Congressman BOBGOODLATTE , for ushering this bill to the House to this point, and I ask my colleagues to please vote in favor of this legislation. H.R. 1393 would provide for a uniform and easily administrable law that will simplify the patchwork of existing inconsistent and confusing State rules. It would also reduce administrative costs to the States and lessen compliance burdens on consumers. Take my home State of Georgia as an example. If an Atlantabased employee of a St. Louis company travels to headquarters on a business trip once a year, that employee would be subject to Missouri tax, even if the annual visit only lasts for 1 day. However, if that employee travels to Maine, her trip would only be subject to tax if her trip lasts for 10 days. If she travels to New Mexico on business, she would only be subject to tax if she was in the State for 15 days. Acuity Brands is a leading Georgia based lighting manufacturer that employs over 1,000 associates and has over 3,200 associates nationwide who travel extensively across the country for training, conferences, and other business. In a letter in support of a prior, nearly identical version of this bill, Richard Reece, Acuity’s executive vice president, writes that current State laws are numerous, varied, and often changing, requiring that the company expend significant resources merely interpreting and satisfying States’ requirements. He concludes that ‘‘unified, clear rules and definitions for nonresident reporting and withholding obligations would undoubtedly improve compliance rates, and it would strike the correct balance between State sovereignty and ensuring that America’s modern mobile workforce is not unduly encumbered.’’ We should heed the concerns of Acuity, and numerous other businesses across the country, by enacting H.R. 1393 into law. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. With over 57 cosponsors during this Congress, it is clear that the Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2017 is an idea whose time has come. I thank my colleagues for their work on this bill and, in particular, Congressman BISHOP , for his leadership on this bill in the 115th Congress. He has carried the torch for our esteemed former colleague, the late Howard Coble, who passed this bill out of the House in the 112th Congress. I also thank our staffs, who have worked tirelessly to build support for this legislation along bipartisan lines. This bill is a testament to the good that can come from working across the aisle on bipartisan tax fairness reforms. I am optimistic that the passage of H.R. 1393 augurs well for the passage of other efairness legislation, which is critical to countless small businesses across the country, during this Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again expired. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to bring this bill up for a vote soon. This country’s employees and businesses deserve quick action. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I am the only speaker remaining and prepared to close, so I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New York has 12 minutes remaining. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to quote from a letter from the president of the Federation of Tax Administrators and commissioner of the Oklahoma Tax Commission regarding this bill. She writes: 
This bill breaches the core of the relationship between the Federal Government and State governments, a relationship that is fundamentally important to the voters of Virginia and of Michigan. It is a clear example of the Federal Government crossing a line that is seldom breached and, in this instance, should not be. The attached resolution from the State tax agencies, all of them, offers in detail to explain the State’s positions against the mobile workforce. 
One, States have in place a combination of laws, rules, and compliance standards that effectively eliminate an unfair outcome when it comes to recordkeeping and taxation of wages earned in a State by a nonresident; Two, these approaches, which include model legislation developed by the Multistate Tax Commission, take into account information that is available to employers and de minimis activities; and Three, H.R. 1393 goes beyond what is necessary to ensure fair outcomes and a reasonable reporting burden, in particular, because the bill takes away the states’ rights to require proper wage reporting and withholding even when the employer already has the information to easily do so. It opens up opportunities for tax avoidance. 
In closing, let me note that this legislation would not just harm New York and not just to a de minimis amount— $100 million to $120 million is hardly de minimis—but it would also have a similar effect on other States. That is why this bill is opposed by a broad coalition of labor and tax organizations, including the AFL–CIO, AFSCME, SEIU, the International Union of Police Associations, Federation of Tax Administrators, Multistate Tax Commission, and many others. Whether or not your State is hurt financially by this bill, however, all Members should be concerned by legislation that so brazenly strips from a State one of the fundamental hallmarks of sovereignty: the ability to tax economic activity that occurs entirely within its own borders. If we can target New York and other States with this bill, what is to say we won’t come after your State next. I must also add that this bill is one in a series of bills that we have seen over the last few years that chip away at the revenueraising and taxing ability of the States. Especially as the current majority and the current President seek to shift more responsibilities to the States and away from the Federal Government, we should not be depriving the States of their ability to raise revenues as they see fit within their own sovereignty. I urge my colleagues to vote against this misguided bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. This bill enjoys broad bipartisan support. It has 57 cosponsors from both sides of the aisle. This bill will minimize compliance burdens on both workers and employers so they can get back to being productive, creating and performing jobs. We have received letters of support from hundreds of entities across the employment spectrum. But this bill is not just about business; it is about individuals. One businessman told the Judiciary Committee that the compliance burdens from the patchwork of State laws falls on his employees, who make less than $50,000 per year and have limited resources to seek professional advice. It has been questioned whether there will be revenue lost to the States. Analysis shows the impact is minimal, affecting mainly the allocation of revenues, not the overall size of the tax revenue pot. Similarly, concerns about tax evasion are unfounded. Unlike in the general income tax context, there is little motive here for fraud or gaming. The amount of money at issue, taxes on less than 30 days’ wages, is minimal. More importantly, except in nine States, the employee will have to pay the tax, in any event, to the employee’s home State, so the only savings would be from minor rate differentials between the two jurisdictions. This legislation is a great example of Congress working in a bipartisan way to relieve burdens on hardworking Americans. I want to thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ) for their bipartisan work on this legislation. I urge all of our colleagues to support the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of a common sense bill, H.R. 1393 which would set a national standard of 30 days for states to subject nonresidents to income tax requirements within that state. Under current law, many of the 41 states with a broad based personal income tax rate subject out of state residents to income tax in that state on the first day they ‘‘work’’ in the state. This patchwork of state laws have created a confusing and unworkable nationwide system where individuals who travel to another state for a conference or meeting can find themselves subject to income tax requirements in a state where they only spent a few days. In fact, these overburdensome requirements can create a scenario in which a company of 7,000 employees who travel for domestic business may have to file 10,500 W–2’s over the course of a given year. This burden can be even worse for a small business. One small business, which operates several customer service centers throughout the United States and has 600 employees working in 46 states, faces a significant burden trying to comply. Most of these 600 employees work out of one of the customer service centers, but 12 employees travel out of state to do a job occasionally. The manager of this company has to spend 3 plus hours every week figuring out the tax reporting requirements for these employees, even though most of them only pay $30 to $100 a year into these different taxing authorities. Is this really a good use of the time of a small business? Wouldn’t we rather have these individuals working to create jobs and grow our economy then wasting time complying with the burdensome reporting requirements for 42 different taxing authorities? H.R. 1393 is a common sense solution to this problem. 30 days is a fair baseline standard that can be applied nationwide. It allows U.S. workers to travel and work around the country for a reasonable amount of time without subjecting them to reporting requirements for taxation in all of the jurisdictions in which they travel. If they stay longer than 30 days in any particular state then the state is free to tax them according to their own state laws. With this new standard, American business will know what the rules of the road are across the country and they can plan their business accordingly. I thank the Chairman for moving this important bill through the committee, and urge your support. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1393, the ‘‘Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2017.’’ I agree with the bill’s sponsors that a uniform framework specifying when an employer must withhold state income tax could help ensure simplicity and be more administrable than the current varied state standards. However the means by which H.R. 1393 achieves this result would lead to significant state revenue losses and could actually encourage income tax avoidance. To begin with, rather than promoting uniformity, H.R. 1393 would have a significant adverse impact on income tax revenues for certain states. According to the Congressional Budget Office, for example, New York could lose between $55 million and $120 million annually if this measure was signed into law. Other states that would be adversely impacted include Illinois, Massachusetts, and California. And, as a result of the lost revenues from nonresident taxpayers, these states could be forced to make up their losses by shifting the tax burden to resident taxpayers or levying new taxes. And states may even have to cut governmental services, such as funding for education and critical infrastructure improvements. 
Another problem with H.R. 1393 is that it essentially provides a roadmap for state income tax liability avoidance. By allowing an employer to rely on the employee’s determination of the time he or she is expected to spend working in another state during the year, the bill prevents the employer from withholding an employee’s state income taxes to a nonresident state. This would be the result even if the employer is aware that the employee has been working in a state more than 30 days, as long as that state cannot prove that the employee committed fraud in making his annual determination and that the employer knew it. Rather than proceeding with this flawed bill, the House should be considering a fair and uniform framework to allow states to collect taxes owed on remote sales. By staying silent since the Supreme Court’s 1992 Quill decision, Congress has failed to ensure that states have the authority to collect the sales and use tax on Internet purchases. Placing brick and mortar businesses at a competitive disadvantage hurts main street Americans and means fewer local jobs and fewer opportunities. Lost tax revenues mean that state and local governments will have fewer resources to provide their residents essential services, such as education and police and fire protection. We owe it to our local communities, our local retailers, and state and local governments to act this Congress. I am disappointed that rather than moving the bipartisan eFairness legislation that our communities need, we are considering H.R. 1393 instead. Accordingly, I oppose H.R. 1393. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1393. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
IMPROVING SERVICES FOR OLDER YOUTH IN FOSTER CARE ACT Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2847) to make improvements to the John H. Chafee Foster Care Independence Program and related provisions. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2847 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Services for Older Youth in Foster Care Act’’. 
SEC. 2. IMPROVEMENTS TO THE JOHN H. CHAFEE FOSTER CARE INDEPENDENCE PROGRAM AND RELATED PROVISIONS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOSERVE FORMER FOSTER  YOUTH UP TO AGE23.—Section 477 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 677) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5), by inserting ‘‘(or 23 years of age, in the case of a State with a certification under subsection (b)(3)(A)(ii) to provide assistance and services to youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained such age, in accordance with such subsection)’’ after ‘‘21 years of age’’; (2) in subsection (b)(3)(A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ before ‘‘A certification’’; (B) by striking ‘‘children who have left foster care’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained 21 years of age.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) If the State has elected under section 475(8)(B) to extend eligibility for foster care to all children who have not attained 21 years of age, or if the Secretary determines that the State agency responsible for administering the State plans under this part and part B uses State funds or any other funds not provided under this part to provide services and assistance for youths who have aged out of foster care that are comparable to the services and assistance the youths would receive if the State had made such an election, the certification required under clause (i) may provide that the State will provide assistance and services to youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained 23 years of age.’’; and (3) in subsection (b)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘children who have left foster care’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained 21 years of age (or 23 years of age, in the case of a State with a certification under subparagraph (A)(i) to provide assistance and services to youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained such age, in accordance with subparagraph (A)(ii)).’’. (b) AUTHORITY TOREDISTRIBUTE UNSPENT  FUNDS .—Section 477(d) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘or does not expend allocated funds within the time period specified under section 477(d)(3)’’ after ‘‘provided by the Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) REDISTRIBUTION OF UNEXPENDED  
AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) AVAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—To the extent that amounts paid to States under this section in a fiscal year remain unexpended by the States at the end of the succeeding fiscal year, the Secretary may make the amounts available for redistribution in the second succeeding fiscal year among the States that apply for additional funds under this section for that second succeeding fiscal year. ‘‘(B) REDISTRIBUTION .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall redistribute the amounts made available under subparagraph (A) for a fiscal year among eligible applicant States. In this subparagraph, the term ‘eligible applicant State’ means a State that has applied for additional funds for the fiscal year under subparagraph (A) if the Secretary determines that the State will use the funds for the purpose for which originally allotted under this section. ‘‘(ii) AMOUNT TO BE REDISTRIBUTED .—The amount to be redistributed to each eligible applicant State shall be the amount so made available multiplied by the State foster care ratio (as defined in subsection (c)(4), except that, in such subsection, ‘all eligible applicant States (as defined in subsection (d)(5)(B)(i))’ shall be substituted for ‘all States’). ‘‘(iii) TREATMENT OF REDISTRIBUTED  
AMOUNT .—Any amount made available to a State under this paragraph shall be regarded as part of the allotment of the State under this section for the fiscal year in which the redistribution is made. ‘‘(C) TRIBES .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘State’ includes an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium that receives an allotment under this section.’’. (c) EXPANDING AND CLARIFYING THE USE OF  EDUCATION AND TRAINING VOUCHERS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 477(i)(3) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677(i)(3)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘on the date’’ and all that follows through ‘‘23’’ and inserting ‘‘to remain eligible until they attain 26’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, but in no event may a youth participate in the program for more than 5 years (whether or not consecutive)’’ before the period. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 477(i)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677(i)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘who have attained 14 years of age’’ before the period. (d) OTHER IMPROVEMENTS .—Section 477 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677), as amended by subsections (a), (b), and (c) of this section, is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘INDEPENDENCE PROGRAM’’ and inserting ‘‘PROGRAM FOR SUCCESSFUL TRANSITION TO ADULTHOOD’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘identify children who are likely to remain in foster care until 18 years of age and to help these children make the transition to selfsufficiency by providing services’’ and inserting ‘‘support all youth who have experienced foster care at age 14 or older in their transition to adulthood through transitional services’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘and postsecondary education’’ after ‘‘high school diploma’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘training in daily living skills, training in budgeting and financial management skills’’ and inserting ‘‘training and opportunities to practice daily living skills (such as financial literacy training and driving instruction)’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘who are likely to remain in foster care until 18 years of age receive the education, training, and services necessary to obtain employment’’ and inserting ‘‘who have experienced foster care at age 14 or older achieve meaningful, permanent connections with a caring adult’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘who are likely to remain in foster care until 18 years of age prepare for and enter postsecondary training and education institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘who have experienced foster care at age 14 or older engage in age or developmentally appropriate activities, positive youth development, and experiential learning that reflects what their peers in intact families experience’’; and (D) by striking paragraph (4) and redesignating paragraphs (5) through (8) as paragraphs (4) through (7); (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)(D), by striking ‘‘adolescents’’ and inserting ‘‘youth’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by inserting ‘‘including training on youth development’’ after ‘‘to provide training’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘adolescents preparing for independent living’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘youth preparing for a successful transition to adulthood and making a permanent connection with a caring adult.’’; (ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘adolescents’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘youth’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (K)— (I) by striking ‘‘an adolescent’’ and inserting ‘‘a youth’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the adolescent’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the youth’’; and 
(4) in subsection (f), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than October 1, 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the National Youth in Transition Database and any other databases in which States report outcome measures relating to children in foster care and children who have aged out of foster care or left foster care for kinship guardianship or adoption. The report shall include the following: ‘‘(A) A description of the reasons for entry into foster care and of the foster care experiences, such as length of stay, number of placement settings, case goal, and discharge reason of 17yearolds who are surveyed by the National Youth in Transition Database and an analysis of the comparison of that description with the reasons for entry and foster care experiences of children of other ages who exit from foster care before attaining age 17. ‘‘(B) A description of the characteristics of the individuals who report poor outcomes at ages 19 and 21 to the National Youth in Transition Database. ‘‘(C) Benchmarks for determining what constitutes a poor outcome for youth who remain in or have exited from foster care and plans the executive branch will take to incorporate these benchmarks in efforts to evaluate child welfare agency performance in providing services to children transitioning from foster care. ‘‘(D) An analysis of the association between types of placement, number of overall placements, time spent in foster care, and other factors, and outcomes at ages 19 and 21. ‘‘(E) An analysis of the differences in outcomes for children in and formerly in foster care at age 19 and 21 among States.’’. (e) CLARIFYING DOCUMENTATION PROVIDED  
TOFOSTER YOUTH LEAVING FOSTER CARE.— Section 475(5)(I) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 675(5)(I)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘REAL ID Act of 2005’’ the following: ‘‘, and any official documentation necessary to prove that the child was previously in foster care’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Indiana. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2847. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to support the Improving Services for Older Youth in Foster Care Act. In fiscal year 2015, almost 21,000 youth aged out of foster care, meaning they left foster care without a permanent family connection. Many of them are often poorly prepared for adulthood and lack some of the basic skills they need to be successful adults. Last year, the House passed the Family First Prevention Services Act, a bill that would improve the lives of children and families by making sure more children can stay safely at home and not enter foster care in the first place, helping to make sure fewer children age out of care. The bill also updated the John H. Chafee Foster Care Independence Program to allow States to assist older former foster youth up to the age of 23, including providing education and training vouchers, to help those young people who do age out to have a better future. Unfortunately, it did not pass the Senate, so it never became law. I am glad my good friend, Mr. FASO, introduced the Improving Services for Older Youth in Foster Care Act to highlight the needs of these older youth, and I know many will benefit from the changes made by his bill. Specifically, this bill would support older youth leaving foster care by allowing existing funds used for financial housing, counseling, and employment support to support older youth leaving care. It would also allow HHS to redistribute unspent funds if a State has money remaining at the end of the fiscal year so more youth can be helped with existing resources. And through this bill, we will also be able to learn more about youth leaving foster care and their outcomes, which will help us develop better policies in the years ahead. I am grateful for the opportunity we have today to support this bill. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support H.R. 2847, the Improving Services for Older Youth in Foster Care Act, which would help to ensure that all the congressional resources that would be provided for foster youth will indeed be utilized and make sure they are used to help them in the furtherance of their education and becoming independent. My colleague, KAREN BASS, who visited me just a few weeks ago, has been a leader on this legislation and on foster youth issues for a number of years, and our committee has worked closely with her to move it forward today. I want to note that this is one of five bills the House is considering today to help atrisk families and children in foster care. All of these bills passed the House last year as part of the Family First Prevention Services Act, which also provided significant new investment in substance abuse, mental health, and parenting skills services to help kids and families avoid foster care when possible. We continue to work on a bipartisan basis with our leadership and our colleagues in the Senate to find a way to move forward on broader foster care improvements, but today’s action provides a good opportunity to once again highlight the sharp rise of children in foster care in the United States and, indeed, in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, fueled in part by the opiate crisis. In Massachusetts, between 2011 and 2015, the number of petitions to remove children from their homes grew 38 percent. Today, Massachusetts is home to nearly 10,000 kids in foster care. Over 1,000 of them are considered at risk of reaching adulthood without being adopted or safely reunified with their birth families. That is why it is so important that we do everything we can to help them finish their education and develop mentoring relationships with supportive adults. While I am pleased that our committee and the full House are working together to help these young people, we can’t ignore the bigger picture, which is the President’s attempt to overturn the Affordable Care Act, because it will have real and measurable negative effects on these kids. Republican Medicaid cuts jeopardize health coverage for older foster youth, the same youth we are trying to help with this bill. By cutting the essential health benefits and Medicaid, there will be a consequence. In turn, this endangers access to substance abuse treatment and, by extension, many of the treatment centers themselves. Republican proposals to end the Social Services Block Grant would reduce States’ abilities to provide substance abuse, mental healthcare, and supportive services to foster parents. While these larger issues are deeply troubling, today’s five children welfare bills, including the one before us now, represent an improvement over the status quo, and it is refreshing to note the bipartisan collaboration that is involved. In addition to Congresswoman BASS’ leadership on this bill to help foster youth, let me also recognize my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee who are providing great leadership on these very issues—Mr. DAVIS, Ms. CHU, and Ms. S EWELL —for their work on behalf of foster children as reflected in these bills that they have coauthored and that we are considering today. I urge our colleagues to support this bill and the other bipartisan child welfare improvements being considered today and to work with us to even do more to help foster youth succeed. I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS), be allowed to control the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. FASO), the sponsor of this bill. Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I come before the House today to express support and ask my colleagues to support our 
legislation, H.R. 2847, the Improving Services for Older Youth in Foster Care Act. I would also like to acknowledge and thank the cosponsors of this legislation, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS), the gentleman from New York (Mr. REED), the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS), the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ), and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ). Our legislation is designed to help support older foster youth as they transition into adulthood by making limited but muchneeded changes to the John H. Chafee Foster Care Independence Program. While the Chafee program has largely enhanced outcomes for former foster youth, there is still room for improvement. Of the individuals who age out of foster care, nearly 20 percent will be homeless after 18, only half will be employed at age 24, and less than 3 percent will earn a college degree. This legislation seeks to improve on those results. If enacted, our legislation would support the education of foster youth who leave care by extending the age of eligibility for education and training vouchers up to the age of 26. By changing the eligibility, we can help improve employment outcomes and job opportunities for older youth as they leave the system. Additionally, this legislation will help youth who age out to maintain benefits by ensuring that they are provided with the necessary documentation that proves they were previously in foster care. Finally, our legislation would extend the financial, housing, counseling, employment, and other services for former foster care youth. Currently, support services are only available to youth between the ages of 18 and 21. Under this legislation, States would be able to extend coverage up to the age of 23. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to note that this legislation is supported by many organizations throughout the Nation, including the Alliance for Children’s Rights, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the California State Association of Counties, the Child Welfare League of America, Children Now, County Welfare Directors Association of California, the March of Dimes, and the National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. WALORSKI. I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from New York (Mr. FASO). Mr. FASO. I encourage my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation so that we can help improve outcomes for some of our Nation’s most vulnerable individuals. b1545 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First of all, I want to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding. I strongly support H.R. 2847, the Improving Services for Older Youth in Foster Care Act. This bill would expand eligibility for the Chafee Foster Care Independence Program services and education for older foster youth, and ensure that all funds and education vouchers are used. I want to commend my colleague, Representative BASS, for her longstanding leadership on this bill. As has been indicated by the ranking member, this important bill, and the other child welfare bills we will consider today, come from the Families First Prevention Services Act. The Families First Prevention Services Act begins a fundamental shift in Federal child welfare policy to preserving families rather than separating them. I look forward to working with my colleagues to ensure that we enact the larger bill with these important child welfare provisions and as we consider the other bills separately today. I would like to note that there are, indeed, five child welfare bills on the floor this afternoon, which is a real testament to the leadership of Chairman BRADY and Ranking Member NEAL. So I commend both of them for their leadership in bringing the Ways and Means Committee together to the extent that we can have five bills that have been researched, that have been debated; levels of agreement have been reached. I strongly support the Improving Services for Older Youth in Foster Care Act, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ), my good friend. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I also want to sincerely thank Chairman KEVIN BRADY and the members of the Ways and Means Committee for their continued and invaluable work to protect America’s children and strengthening our child welfare policy, as is in evidence in these five bills we are considering today. Mr. Speaker, foster care issues rarely drive our national media headlines, yet, to the children who are in the child welfare system, the importance of finding solutions and eliminating the barriers that would ensure better futures, better outcomes, and a permanent connection to a loving family can make fundamental, lifelong differences to those who are some of America’s most vulnerable children. The goal of the Family First legislation, of which these bills are components, is to respond to the devastating data pertaining to the outcomes for foster youth who age out of care, often without any permanent connection and without the life skills and support systems necessary to thrive as independent adults. Mr. Speaker, we have heard so many times from the States that there is a need to make our Federal child welfare funding flexible enough so that we never incentivize the placement of children into foster care who would safely receive care in their homes or with safe, loving relatives. This bipartisan package of child welfare system improvements makes important steps toward improving our child welfare system to better protect children and families, and I am certainly delighted to support its passage. I want to thank, Mr. Speaker, again, those colleagues that have worked on this for their invaluable work on this critically important legislation. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ). Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member DAVIS for yielding. I want to give a big thanks to my friend and colleague, Representative KAREN BASSof California. She is a true champion for our foster youth. I was happy to participate in her Foster Youth Shadow Day last month, which gave me the opportunity to meet with a constituent of mine that directly benefits from the Chafee Foster Care Independence Program. I strongly urge all of my colleagues to host a foster child next year. I also want to voice my strong support for Representative BASS’ bill, H.R. 2847, the Improving Services for Older Youth in Foster Care Act. The current Chafee Foster Care Independence Program plays an important role in our larger foster care system, and the services it provides should be extended to cover older youth up to the age of 23. I was able to hear firsthand from my foster youth shadow, Khadejah Moore, about the struggles that foster youth face when they age out of the system. These young adults are thrown into the real world with little to no support system. It is an incredibly frightening time for these young youth. But if we can extend the Chafee Foster Care Independence Program and also allow youth more time to use education vouchers, they have a better chance of having the opportunity to graduate college and successfully enter the workforce. This is an important, commonsense bill, and I want to thank both Representative BASS and Representative FASOfor introducing this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2847. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, having no other speakers, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. JUDY CHU). Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2847, the bill offered by my friend 
and colleague, K AREN BASS, a tireless leader on foster youth and child welfare. I recently hosted an amazing young woman named Ruth during Foster Youth Shadow Day here on the Hill. The message Ruth wanted lawmakers to hear is that the obstacles she faces every day as a 19yearold have not suddenly stopped now that she has aged out of foster care. Ruth has a resilient spirit and unstoppable determination, but she should not be left out in the cold as she pursues her education and her goal of helping other foster youth in the future. The Improving Services for Older Youth in Foster Care Act will help people like Ruth by making vital changes to the Chafee Foster Care Independence Program, an important source of funding for foster youth. Currently, foster youth are only eligible for Chafee services if they are between the ages of 16 and 21. This bill expands access to the services provided by the program to include youth between the ages of 14 and 23. This is such a crucial change to the program since foster youth like Ruth face so many daunting challenges during the period of young adulthood as they transition toward independence and selfsufficiency. Providing essential services such as access to older mentors and role models, connections to employment opportunities, and education vouchers for foster youth after they reach the age of 18 are key sources of support for foster youth. This bill helps ensure that foster youth have the resources needed to become healthy, thriving adults. Thanks again to Representative BASS for her work on this bill. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS), the sponsor of this bill. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my legislation, in conjunction with Representative FASO, to support the education and advancement of foster youth. I want to thank the Representative for his leadership on this issue. I also want to thank Chairman BRADY and Ranking Member N EALfor their leadership on behalf of the Nation’s foster youth. I do think it is very remarkable, as several other speakers have said, that today we are bringing forward five bipartisan bills to improve the Nation’s foster care system. Each one of the bills addresses a serious challenges or gap in that system. H.R. 2847, the Improving Services for Older Youth in Foster Care Act, allows States to expand the Chafee Grant Program to foster youth up to the age of 23. Currently, the program ends at 21. The Chafee Grant Program provides educational grants and other services to help young people transition into adulthood and become independent. In May, as part of National Foster Youth Shadow Day that is organized by the National Foster Youth Institute, I had the opportunity to meet a young woman named Doniesha Thomas. Doniesha is from Los Angeles, and spent 20 years in foster care before she aged out. She described her foster home as abusive, and eventually she had to move several times. Against tremendous odds, Doniesha has continued to persevere and is currently a college student at Los Angeles Trade Tech College, majoring in the administration of justice and minoring in paralegal studies. Doniesha is just one of a small number of foster youth who actually make it to college. This is despite nearly 70 percent of foster youth expressing a desire to attend college. Those, like Doniesha, who are accepted and attend college face another hurdle, which is graduating. Currently, only 3 percent of foster youth who attend college graduate. Programs like Chafee are designed to help foster youth advance in college, trade school, and employment. During National Foster Youth Shadow Day, I had the opportunity to speak to many other young people, and several of them described challenges that they face after—well, if they were lucky to graduate high school, where they attend college and then something happens; either they run out of resources or their housing falls through and they have to leave college, so their college is interrupted. That is why this legislation is so important, because it allows for the flexibility; if the young person is not able to complete college in 4 years, they do have a couple of other years. One of the things that many people don’t realize is that when young people age out of the foster youth system— which typically is at 18, sometimes is at 21, depending on the State—that many times we literally put these young people on the street. They are 18 years old. They are in their foster home. They are given a bag, typically a largesized trash bag, with all of their belongings, and they are put out on the street left to fend for themselves. With today’s economic challenges, there are no 18yearolds that can fend for themselves without a safety net. If we think of middle class children, transitioning into adulthood is typically what happens at college. They go to college and they have housing. But if they have any challenges, they can always call home. They can text their parents. Their parents are there to rescue them in case they run out of money or something happens with their housing or their grades. If we think of a young person out of the child welfare system who is literally put on the streets at the age of 18, you can only imagine what happens; which is why so many children in the foster care system wind up incarcerated. Many young girls wind up trafficked; and we did legislation on that a few weeks ago. So if we want to stop what happens on the other end, with many young children winding up incarcerated, or early pregnancies, or other challenges, we need to make sure that we provide support for them early on. H.R. 2847 will allow the flexibility for a student, again, who might need more time to complete their education. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, to give foster youth the same type of flexibility and support that we provide our own children. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield myself the balance of my time. H.R. 2847 would provide important assistance for youth aging out of foster care. In my State of Illinois, 22 percent of the more than 16,000 children placed in foster care in 2015 are aging out. Illinois is widely regarded as a leader among States when it comes to foster youth aging out of care; therefore, it is, indeed, one of the first jurisdictions in which young people who are in foster care on their 18th birthday were able to remain in beyond the age of 18. Research conducted by the University of Chicago found that allowing foster youth to remain in care beyond the age of 18 is associated with an increase in child wellbeing, including postsecondary educational attainment. Specifically, former foster youth from Illinois are twice as likely to have ever attended college, and more than twice as likely to have completed at least 1 year of college by age 21, compared with foster youth in other States that have not been given the option to stay in care beyond 18 years of age. b1600 Due to school mobility issues experienced in high school, only 58 percent of foster youth graduate from high school by age 19, which makes it unlikely that they would be graduated from college by age 21. Extending access to Chafee Independence Act programs to age 23 rather than cutting these young people off at age 21 would ensure these youth are able to be supported beyond their first year of college. We know that when students lose access to critical financial aid resources such as the education training voucher in the middle of their college journey, it forces them to drop out of college in search of employment. Last Saturday, I spent 2 hours with a group of young people who had been organized by a young fellow, Kenneth Bennett’s son. His name is Taylor Bennett. Taylor is the younger brother of Chance the Rapper. He is 21 years of age and had organized young people who were transgender, who were homeless, who were out of school, who were in need of assistance and help, and they were pleased to know that we were going to be considering this legislation today, which I strongly support. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank Mr. FASO and Mr. REED from New York and Ms. B ASS from California for introducing this important bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2847. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
REDUCING UNNECESSARY BARRIERS FOR RELATIVE FOSTER PARENTS ACT Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2866) to review and improve licensing standards for placement in a relative foster family home, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2866 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Reducing Unnecessary Barriers for Relative Foster Parents Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REVIEWING AND IMPROVING LICENSING STANDARDS FOR PLACEMENT IN A RELATIVE FOSTER FAMILY HOME. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF REPUTABLE MODEL  LICENSING STANDARDS .—Not later than October 1, 2018, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall identify reputable model licensing standards with respect to the licensing of foster family homes (as defined in section 472(c)(1) of the Social Security Act). (b) STATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 422(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 622(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (18), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (19), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(20) provide that, not later than April 1, 2019, the State shall submit to the Secretary information addressing— ‘‘(A) whether the State licensing standards are in accord with model standards identified by the Secretary, and if not, the reason for the specific deviation and a description as to why having a standard that is reasonably in accord with the corresponding national model standards is not appropriate for the State; ‘‘(B) whether the State has elected to waive standards established in 471(a)(10)(A) for relative foster family homes (pursuant to waiver authority provided by 471(a)(10)(D)), a description of which standards the State most commonly waives, and if the State has not elected to waive the standards, the reason for not waiving these standards; ‘‘(C) if the State has elected to waive standards specified in subparagraph (B), how caseworkers are trained to use the waiver authority and whether the State has developed a process or provided tools to assist caseworkers in waiving nonsafety standards per the authority provided in 471(a)(10)(D) to quickly place children with relatives; and ‘‘(D) a description of the steps the State is taking to improve caseworker training or the process, if any.’’. SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—Subject to subsection (b), the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) TRANSITION RULE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a State plan under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires State legislation (other than legislation appropriating funds) in order for the plan to meet the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this Act, the State plan shall not be regarded as failing to comply with the requirements of such part solely on the basis of the failure of the plan to meet such additional requirements before the first day of the first calendar quarter beginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of enactment of this Act. For purposes of the previous sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2year legislative session, each year of the session shall be deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. (2) APPLICATION TO PROGRAMS OPERATED BY  
INDIAN TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .—In the case of an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires time to take action necessary to comply with the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this Act (whether the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium has a plan under section 479B of the Social Security Act or a cooperative agreement or contract entered into with a State), the Secretary shall provide the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium with such additional time as the Secretary determines is necessary for the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium to take the action to comply with the additional requirements before being regarded as failing to comply with the requirements. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extent their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2866, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak on H.R. 2866, the Reducing Unnecessary Barriers for Relative Foster Parents Act, introduced by my friend from Pennsylvania (Mr. SMUCKER ). Introducing this legislation, Congressman SMUCKER was joined by our Ways and Means colleague, Congresswoman TERRI SEWELL from across the aisle. The bill has strong bipartisan support, including mine. I am a cosponsor. And the Child Welfare League of America has strongly endorsed this legislation. So what does this bill do? Well, in short, the bill will reduce the bureaucratic process for placing children in foster care with relatives, when possible, and is in the best interest of the child. Now, this just makes common sense. Last year alone, there were almost a half million children in foster care, more than 16,000 children in my home State of Pennsylvania alone. Now, there are countless family members of these foster children who are not only willing, but they are ready to have these children placed in their homes when one of their relatives can’t take care of them. As a matter of good public policy, we should be making the placement process much easier for family members, not more difficult, because it is often in the best interest of the child. Studies show that placing foster children with relatives solves many of the problems children face when being placed into foster care; moreover, it improves the outcomes for these children. Children are more likely to succeed when they can stay with a family member of their own and someone they are already familiar with and know. Children placed with relatives tend to spend less time in foster care and also experience much more stability. The problem is that, while current law allows States to waive certain licensing standards when placing children with relatives, many States have been slow to implement the law. One of the purported reasons is that caseworkers are slow or they simply don’t know how to place children with relatives because of a lack of training on their part. Today, caseworkers may not be adequately trained regarding their ability to waive certain standards when licensing relatives. This has resulted in delays in placing children with relatives. And when these children are already facing a tremendous amount of turmoil and uncertainty in their lives, we shouldn’t be tying them up in bureaucratic red tape. We need to do more to place these children with a loving family member whenever possible. Now, how do we do that? Well, Representative SMUCKER ’s bill, H.R. 2866, will help remedy this problem by making our foster care system more family 
friendly, by ensuring States take proactive steps to speed up the licensing process for relatives. Specifically, the bill would require Health and Human Services to identify reputable model standards for licensing foster family homes by October 1, 2018. States, subsequently, would need to do their part by submitting their plans to be in compliance with model standards for family foster care placement. Additionally, States would need to explain how caseworkers in their respective States are being trained. This commonsense bill is at absolutely no cost to taxpayers, but it would pay tremendous dividends for our Nation’s children. Every child deserves to be raised in a loving home. The SmuckerSewell bill will ensure that many more children can live safely and happily with loving family members when they cannot stay in their own home with their nuclear family. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this important legislation. Passing this legislation is the very least we can do for these children. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) for the purpose of a colloquy. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member DAVIS for yielding me the time. At this time, I would like to engage in a colloquy with the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ). As we have discussed, H.R. 2866 requires HHS to identify reputable model licensing standards so that States can determine whether their current requirements are in accord. Is it your expectation that the National Association for Regulatory Administration’s Model Family Foster Home Licensing Standards would be the kind of standards envisioned by the bill? Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. My feeling is the National Association for Regulatory Administration’s Model Foster Home Licensing Standards would be a prime example of what HHS should consider. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for that response. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SMUCKER ), the sponsor of this important legislation, from my home State and a key member of the Keystone Coalition. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of and to ask my colleagues’ support for H.R. 2866, the Reducing Unnecessary Barriers for Relative Foster Parents Act. I would like to first thank my friend and colleague from Pennsylvania for his leadership and sponsorship of this bill. I would like to thank the chair of the Ways and Means Committee, Representative BRADY , and members of the Ways and Means Committee for bringing this bill to the floor, and I would like to thank my cointroducer of the bill, Representative SEWELL from Alabama, as well, for the work that she has done in regards to foster care issues over the years. Every child, Mr. Speaker, deserves a loving home; but when a child’s home is no longer safe, often because of abuse, neglect, or behavioral issues, children are placed in foster homes. In fact, in 2015, more than 670,000 American children—16,000 in Pennsylvania, the State, including in my district, more than 16,000 there have spent time in foster care. Countless families across the country are willing and eager to accept foster children into their homes, and research shows that placement with relatives is better for the child. Therefore, Federal policy should make it easier for foster children to be placed with family members. Our bill is being considered today on the floor, and again, I ask for my colleagues’ support. When it comes to finding loving homes for children, this is a bipartisan issue. There are no Republicans or Democrats, just mothers and fathers, aunts and uncles, and sons and daughters who believe each child should have a bed to be tucked into at night in a loving home. Mr. Speaker, I would like to also note that the following organizations have expressed support for H.R. 2866: the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, Child Welfare League of America, First Focus, March of Dimes, and the National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners. Again, I would like to thank Representative SEWELL from Alabama for her work on foster care issues and for her leadership on this bill. We really appreciate her work. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I strongly support H.R. 2866, the Reducing Unnecessary Barriers for Relative Foster Parents Act. This important bill helps relative caregivers by requiring States to examine whether their licensing standards align with the best practices in licensing family foster homes. In so doing, H.R. 2866 requires States to set reasonable requirements for family homes, standards that consider community norms and cultural differences and standards that remove artificial barriers to family care. I have advocated these provisions within my own bill to improve support for kinship caregivers, and I am proud to support Congresswoman SEWELL and Congressman SMUCKER ’s bill. More than 25 percent of children in care live with a grandparent or other relative. My congressional district has the highest percentage of children living with grandparent caregivers in the Nation, followed closely by two other congressional districts in Illinois. In Illinois, 37 percent of all children placed in outofhome care are placed with relatives; however, less than half of these children are placed with relatives in homes that are licensed. The vast majority of relative caregivers are not able to become licensed caregivers because the standards do not make sense with their circumstances, such as requiring a grandmother in an expensive city like Chicago to have one bedroom for each of her three grandbabies or requiring her to take dozens of hours of parent training each year. In 2008, I worked with Congressman Jerry Weller from Illinois to allow States the ability to waive nonsafety licensing standards on a casebycase basis to help kinship caregivers via the Fostering Connections Act. Unfortunately, many States chose not to exercise this waiver authority to assist kin caregivers. For example, in 2011, although Illinois had more than 3,600 nonlicensed relatives caring for youth, only 72 licensing waivers for relatives were approved. Less than 2 percent received waivers. H.R. 2866 requires States to modernize their licensing standards to align with the best practices in licensing. This is a commonsense and important change. b1615 Further, this bill advances our goal of ensuring that States follow the waivers to meet the best interests of the children. To understand the use of waivers, Children’s Bureau should collect data on State’s granting waivers for nonsafety licensing standards for relatives, including the number of relatives applying for waivers, the number of waivers issued or denied, and the reason for denial. I strongly support H.R. 2866, the Reducing Unnecessary Barriers for Relative Foster Parents Act and urge my colleagues to support it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) who is a sponsor of this bill. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member DAVIS for yielding me the time. H.R. 2866, the Reducing Unnecessary Barriers for Relative Foster Parents Act, is a commonsense piece of legislation that has strong bipartisan support right here in the House. I want to especially thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SMUCKER ) who is joining me in introducing this bill. I want to 
thank him for his leadership on foster care and foster youth and again say thank you for looking for what is in the best interests of the most vulnerable children in our society. H.R. 2866 has been supported by not only bipartisan support here in the House but has the support of many foster care advocacy groups, including Generations United, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, and the American Academy of Pediatrics. Mr. Speaker, we need to do everything in our power to make the foster care system family friendly, and H.R. 2866 takes an important step in that direction. By motivating States to update the foster care licensing regulations, we can reduce red tape and make it easier for family members to become foster parents. Research conducted by the Department of Health and Human Services, academics, and advocacy groups all show that children experience better outcomes when they are in the care of family members compared to children in nonrelative care. When kids are placed with a relative like a grandparent, they experience fewer school changes, are less likely to reenter the foster care system, and are more likely to be adopted. Moreover, data shows that foster youth experience better behavioral and mental health outcomes, are more likely to report that they ‘‘feel loved,’’ and are more likely to stay connected with their communities. I want to again thank Representative SMUCKER from Pennsylvania for his leadership and sponsorship of this bill with me, as well as my Democrat and Republican colleagues on the House Ways and Means Committee for unanimously supporting this legislation. I am encouraged to see that this body values our foster youth, and I hope we can continue to keep up the spirit of bipartisanship. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS). Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2866, and I want to congratulate my good friends, Representatives SEWELL , KELLY , and S MUCKER for this legislation to reduce barriers for relative caregivers. Ironically, in the 1990s, when the crack cocaine epidemic hit, that was the first time that women started using drugs equal to men. It hadn’t happened before, and so families fell apart. One of the things that happened, in the early 1990s, was in the middle of the night a grandmother might be called and three grandchildren delivered to her by Children’s Protective Services. The grandmother would take the children without any support and without any knowledge of how to deal with the trauma that the children faced. During those years, we actually discriminated against relatives. We said very negative things about them such as: the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree; and, if your daughter wound up on drugs, why should we give the children to you? So during those years, we would rather pay a stranger—and there can be wonderful foster parents—but a stranger to take care of children instead of families. One of the things we did in Los Angeles was we organized the grandmothers, and we trained them how to go before the board of supervisors and advocate on their own behalf. That happened all around the country. So there really was a movement of relatives who rose up and said: We want our children; we just need help. We might be on a fixed income, and we can’t really support the children. It is actually more expensive to put a child in foster care. So there began a national movement for relative caregivers to fighting for their rights and for services. So over the years, we really evolved to the point where we have legislation like this where we recognize the benefit of having relatives take care of children. Ironically, the last piece of legislation we were talking about was about children aging out of the system. Before we prioritized relatives, what would happen is a young child who was aging out of foster care, we would put them on the street, and the first thing they would do would be to go look for their families because they might have family somewhere, and they would often do that. This legislation, I think, is extremely important to allow flexibility for licensing of relative caregivers. Examples of grandmothers who I worked with directly who wanted to take in their grandchildren but they were told they didn’t have enough bedrooms in their house, and so we were going to put the children in more expensive foster care and break them up and send them to different foster homes instead of leaving them with the grandmother or assist her in moving. So legislation like H.R. 2866, I believe, will begin to address some of these challenges and do what every child needs, which is to be in a loving home with family. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. H.R. 2866 is important because it supports kinship caregivers. Research shows that children placed in kinship care are safer, more stable placements and are more likely to be connected with their siblings and community than children placed in nonrelative placements. In addition to these positive outcomes for children in relative care, research shows that kinship care placements are more cost effective. In Illinois, cost studies estimated an average of $4,778 in savings of title IVE administrative expenses over an 8year period compared to a match control group that did not have this option. More than 400,000 children make up our Nation’s foster care population with more than one in four of these vulnerable children living with a grandparent or other relative. We should do as much as we can to strengthen these families and children. H.R. 2866 takes an important step forward. Mr. Speaker, I have two facilities in my congressional district that have outstanding programs. They are 45unit buildings that have been constructed for grandparents raising grandchildren. One is operated by the Sankofa Safe Child Initiative, the other by the Coppin AME Church Community Development Agency. Both of these are tremendous examples of what can happen when children have the opportunity to be nurtured by grandparents. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this legislation. I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to take a minute because I think today is one of those days where the American people look to the people’s House and say: Isn’t it something that they can actually agree? Isn’t it something that they actually think with their hearts? Isn’t it actually something that they can come together on an issue that is so basic, so simple, and so easy to understand? We are talking about our most precious asset and the country’s best hope for the future: our children. As I heard Ms. SEWELL talk and Ms. BASStalk, I know in their hearts how they feel about this. I know this is not something they just thought about today or this week or thought this would be a good piece of legislation; they think it is good because it is good for American people. Mr. SMUCKER joined with Ms. S EWELL  to have this legislation come forward. It is a breath of fresh air for the people’s House. This is legislation that protects children, legislation that puts children with their families in case they can’t be taken care of in their own homes, and it is an incredible effort by both sides. I want to tell you what a great privilege it is to serve with you today and to be on the floor with you. Mr. DAVIS is eloquent. Ms. BASS, Ms. S EWELL , and Mr. SMUCKER of Pennsylvania are good friends of mine. So it is good to be here today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2866, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
MODIFICATIONS OF CREDIT FOR PRODUCTION FROM ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER FACILITIES Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1551) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from advanced nuclear power facilities, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1551 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MODIFICATIONS OF CREDIT FOR PRODUCTION FROM ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER FACILITIES. 
(a) T REATMENT OF UNUTILIZED LIMITATION  AMOUNTS .—Section 45J(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘or any amendment to’’ after ‘‘enactment of’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) ALLOCATION OF UNUTILIZED LIMITA TION.— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Any unutilized national megawatt capacity limitation shall be allocated by the Secretary under paragraph (3) as rapidly as is practicable after December 31, 2020— ‘‘(i) first to facilities placed in service on or before such date to the extent that such facilities did not receive an allocation equal to their full nameplate capacity, and ‘‘(ii) then to facilities placed in service after such date in the order in which such facilities are placed in service. ‘‘(B) UNUTILIZED NATIONAL MEGAWATT CAPAC ITY LIMITATION .—The term ‘unutilized national megawatt capacity limitation’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) 6,000 megawatts, over ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of national megawatt capacity limitation allocated by the Secretary before January 1, 2021, reduced by any amount of such limitation which was allocated to a facility which was not placed in service before such date. ‘‘(C) COORDINATION WITH OTHER PROVI SIONS .—In the case of any unutilized national megawatt capacity limitation allocated by the Secretary pursuant to this paragraph— ‘‘(i) such allocation shall be treated for purposes of this section in the same manner as an allocation of national megawatt capacity limitation, and ‘‘(ii) subsection (d)(1)(B) shall not apply to any facility which receives such allocation.’’. (b) TRANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUBLIC  ENTITIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 45J of such Code is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (f), and (B) by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) TRANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUBLIC  ENTITIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—If, with respect to a credit under subsection (a) for any taxable year— ‘‘(A) the taxpayer would be a qualified public entity, and ‘‘(B) such entity elects the application of this paragraph for such taxable year with respect to all (or any portion specified in such election) of such credit, the eligible project partner specified in such election (and not the qualified public entity) shall be treated as the taxpayer for purposes of this title with respect to such credit (or such portion thereof). ‘‘(2) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) QUALIFIED PUBLIC ENTITY .—The term ‘qualified public entity’ means— ‘‘(i) a Federal, State, or local government entity, or any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality thereof, ‘‘(ii) a mutual or cooperative electric company described in section 501(c)(12) or section 1381(a)(2), or ‘‘(iii) a notforprofit electric utility which has or had received a loan or loan guarantee under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936. ‘‘(B) ELIGIBLE PROJECT PARTNER .—The term ‘eligible project partner’ means— ‘‘(i) any person responsible for, or participating in, the design or construction of the advanced nuclear power facility to which the credit under subsection (a) relates, ‘‘(ii) any person who participates in the provision of the nuclear steam supply system to the advanced nuclear power facility to which the credit under subsection (a) relates, ‘‘(iii) any person who participates in the provision of nuclear fuel to the advanced nuclear power facility to which the credit under subsection (a) relates, or ‘‘(iv) any person who has an ownership interest in such facility. ‘‘(3) SPECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(A) APPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS .—In the case of a credit under subsection (a) which is determined at the partnership level— ‘‘(i) for purposes of paragraph (1)(A), a qualified public entity shall be treated as the taxpayer with respect to such entity’s distributive share of such credit, and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘eligible project partner’ shall include any partner of the partnership. ‘‘(B) TAXABLE YEAR IN WHICH CREDIT TAKEN  
INTO ACCOUNT .—In the case of any credit (or portion thereof) with respect to which an election is made under paragraph (1), such credit shall be taken into account in the first taxable year of the eligible project partner ending with, or after, the qualified public entity’s taxable year with respect to which the credit was determined. ‘‘(C) TREATMENT OF TRANSFER UNDER PRIVATE  
USE RULES .—For purposes of section 141(b)(1), any benefit derived by an eligible project partner in connection with an election under this subsection shall not be taken into account as a private business use.’’. (2) SPECIAL RULE FOR PROCEEDS OF TRANSFERS  
FOR MUTUAL OR COOPERATIVE ELECTRIC COMPA NIES.—Section 501(c)(12) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) In the case of a mutual or cooperative electric company described in this paragraph or an organization described in section 1381(a)(2), income received or accrued in connection with an election under section 45J(e)(1) shall be treated as an amount collected from members for the sole purpose of meeting losses and expenses.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATES.— (1) TREATMENT OF UNUTILIZED LIMITATION  
AMOUNTS .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) TRANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUBLIC  
ENTITIES .—The amendments made by subsection (b) shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. RICE) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1551, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of H.R. 1551, a bill I have sponsored that modifies the advanced nuclear production tax credit. The nuclear production tax credit has been a vital incentive to jump start a nuclear industry that has been dormant for almost 40 years. Unfortunately, due to overregulation, ambiguities in the law, and other unanticipated events, the firstinageneration nuclear plants that began construction because of this tax credit are in danger of being shut down midconstruction. Without certainty that these facilities will have full access to the allocation of their tax credits, it may be another 30 or 40 years before this country builds another cuttingedge nuclear facility. Thankfully, the legislation we are considering today provides these facilities the certainty they so desperately need to move forward. b1630 Almost 12 years ago, Congress established the nuclear production tax credit as part of a broader package designed to ensure our energy independence. Not wanting to oversubsidize the nuclear industry, Congress set out to limit the credit in a number of ways, including a national production capacity that effectively capped the amount of this credit available. South Carolina and Georgia responded to this incentive, making large investments in nuclear facilities that represented the pinnacle of safety and innovation in the industry. After years of applications, planning, and rigorous oversight by multiple regulatory authorities, these plants began construction in 2013, receiving sizable allocations of the nuclear production tax credit’s national capacity. Yet, it quickly became clear changes to the underlying provision were necessary in order for these plants to fulfill the capacity allocation as Congress originally intended. For example, right now, notforprofit entities like public utilities are unable to utilize or transfer their share of the credits, leaving the majority of the tax credits allocated to these two plants unusable. 
Additionally, strict placedinservice date rules would force these plants to make decisions between finishing before a deadline or making sure they are constructed in the safest way possible. Recently, to make matters worse, a thirdparty contractor for both plants unexpectedly filed for bankruptcy, putting the projects in jeopardy of finishing before the placedinservice date, if at all. In the coming weeks, both plants must go before State regulators and provide a plan for how they will continue construction. The full availability of the $2 billion in tax credits will be a key factor in the regulators’ assessment of whether to approve the plans to continue with the facilities or shut down the construction completely. Taking a step back for a second, I think it is important to note that one of my top priorities in Congress is to help restore our country’s competitiveness through a comprehensive overhaul of our Tax Code. An ideal tax system promotes parity between different energy sources and gets the government out of the business of picking winners and losers. Before we get to that ideal tax system, we must create a smooth transition from our current system to the new system. This legislation is an important part of that transition. As Ways and Means Committee Chairman BRADY said at our markup last week: ‘‘Nuclear power is a critical component of an alloftheabove strategy for energy independence and national security.’’ Without this legislation, the nuclear power industry may cease to exist as we know it today in this country, which is exactly why passing this legislation today is more important now than ever. Nuclear power is crucial to our energy independence. Additionally, if these facilities shut down tomorrow, it will immediately cost 12,000 jobs in South Carolina and Georgia. It will cost the ratepayers hundreds, if not thousands, of dollars in increases in their annual utility bills. And most alarming, our national security will be jeopardized, as countries like China and Russia continue to make massive investments in nuclear power production. We need to give these plants the certainty of the tax credits as Congress originally intended, not just for South Carolina and Georgia, but for the continued innovation of nuclear energy and the security of our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1551, a bipartisan bill to modify the section 45J production tax credit for advanced power. This bill is sponsored by two of my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee, Mr. BLUMENAUER from Oregon and Mr. RICEfrom South Carolina. It enjoys bipartisan support of members of the committee as well. Passage of this bill is critical to thousands of jobs in South Carolina and Georgia. As you know, I am committed to passing good, bipartisan legislation that puts and keeps Americans to work in goodpaying jobs. However, I must highlight my disappointment that the committee at this moment has not acted on other important priorities in the energy tax space. For example, there is bipartisan interest in this Congress for extending section 48 investment tax credit for nonsolar, section 48eligible technologies. H.R. 1090, the Technology for Energy Security Act, introduced by our colleagues, Mr. REED from New York and Mr. THOMPSON from California, is supported by a bipartisan group of 93 Members of Congress. The committee is overdue in considering this important piece of legislation, as well as other provisions vital to renewable energy, renewable fuels, and energy efficiency and alternative fuel vehicles that expired at the end of 2016. As the gentleman from South Carolina noted, all of the above. I hope we can act before the eleventh hour to extend these provisions. Mr. Speaker, I conclude by reminding my colleagues that the United States Government invests a tremendous amount of money on energy policy through our Tax Code. These investments have helped to grow our economy and create goodpaying jobs nationwide. Therefore, as we continue the discussions on tax reform, I hope and anticipate Chairman BRADY will consider focusing on comprehensive, fully integrated energy strategy reform as well. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DUNCAN). Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. RICE) for his work on this. I rise today to keep the lights on for American nuclear energy. America is being left behind in the nuclear energy race. Nuclear energy in the United States is lagging behind our competition. The four new generation reactors being built in South Carolina and Georgia are the first new reactor construction since the 1970s. The Watts Bar 2 reactor in Tennessee, which was first permitted in the 1970s, only recently came online in 2016. Mr. Speaker, America needs to gets serious about nuclear energy. These new reactors not only keep our economy pumping with 24/7 baseload electricity, they are also the foundation for America’s national security. A successful civilian nuclear energy sector is key to supporting America’s military needs. Nuclear needs to be approached holistically. From new production at plants like V.C. Summer in South Carolina, to treatment and disposal facilities at the Savannah River Site, it is in America’s national security interest that policies keep all aspects of the nuclear life cycle competitive with the rest of the world. Passing this legislation now will send a clear signal to the regulatory authorities at home and nations abroad that America is serious about national security. Without such a signal, the chances that the regulatory authorities disregard the tax credits for the purposes of evaluating the project are much higher, likely leading to the authorities not approving the continued construction of the plants. The United States must not turn over leadership in nuclear technology to Russia and China. China’s recent nuclear deals are with Sudan, South Africa, Kenya, Egypt, Argentina, and Great Britain. Rosatom, which administers the former Soviet weapons complex, says it has received orders for 34 nuclear power reactors in 13 countries, including Iran. Together, Russia and China are constructing almost 30 new advanced nuclear units, whereas the four units at the V.C. Summer and Vogtle plants would be our first nuclear units in almost 40 years. Nuclear energy is the cornerstone of American economic and national security. I urge my colleagues to not turn the lights out on nuclear energy, and to vote in favor of H.R. 1551. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), the assistant Democratic leader and my friend. Mr. CLYBURN. I thank my friend, Mr. NEAL, for yielding and for his support of this bill. It is very important to the States of South Carolina and Georgia. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1551 will make two critical modifications to the nuclear production tax credit program. This bill will allow governmentowned electric utilities and nonprofit electric cooperatives to utilize the credit, which current law restricts to forprofit utilities only. It will also remove the placedinservice deadline for facilities to be completed. Since the tax credit’s original passage in the Energy Policy Act of 2005, four new advanced nuclear plants, the V.C. Summer site in South Carolina, and the Vogtle site in Georgia, have been licensed by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and are under construction. Both projects are partly owned by State or municipalowned utilities or nonprofit electric cooperatives. These public power entities, which have taken the first steps in constructing new advanced nuclear facilities, should not be penalized, but should, instead, be treated similarly to the forprofit utilities for the purpose of these tax incentives. The construction that is currently underway in South Carolina and Georgia employ over 12,000 skilled workers 
and represent billions of dollars of investment. When complete, they will be the largest addition of carbonfree energy in either State and will replace older fossil fuelemitting plants. Recently, the contractor building both the South Carolina and Georgia facilities has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, raising the possibility of further delays in the completion of these projects. It is critical that the placedinservice deadline be extended so that these projects, the first new advanced nuclear construction projects in this country in over 30 years, may be completed. While Russia, China, and other countries around the world are investing in nuclear energy, we cannot afford to walk away from these important sources of clean energy for future generations. The modifications in this bill do not expand the tax credit and, as such, have little additional cost to the taxpayer. I want to thank my colleagues, TOM RICEand E ARLBLUMENAUER , for sponsoring this legislation; and Chairman KEVIN BRADY and Ranking Member RICHARD NEAL for the support they have given to it. Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my colleagues for the comments that have been made regarding this very important piece of legislation. We all know that securing American energy independence is absolutely critical to the future prosperity of this Nation, and nuclear power plays a major role in that mission. At the Vogtle plant in Georgia, thousands of engineers and craftsmen, many of whom live in my district, are hard at work putting the United States at the forefront of advanced nuclear technology. The Vogtle plant and its sister plant in South Carolina, V.C. Summer, have four new, stateofthe art reactors under construction. The clean, lowcost, safe energy that is produced from both Vogtle and V.C. Summer will pave the way for future reactors and mark a new era for nuclear power in the United States. H.R. 1551 makes relatively small changes to already established tax credits, but this legislation will have an enormous impact on ensuring nuclear power remains a viable source of energy. So I, again, just want to thank my good friend, Mr. RICE, for introducing this sincerely important piece of legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues here to support H.R. 1551. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to support this bill. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ), my friend. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, how very appropriate it is today that this Congress is interrupting consideration of child welfare and foster care bills in order to address a gift for the nuclear industry. An indifferent Congress that refuses to put an extra dime in addressing the deficiencies of our foster care system doesn’t hesitate for a moment in giving a few more million dollars to the nuclear industry. Isn’t it amazing to hear what we will accomplish with a mere $16 million additional tax subsidy? Our national security will be protected. This is the first concern I have heard here on the floor in months from a Republican about giving things to Russia and China. Maybe the better place to look than this bill is down the street at the White House, if the real concern is what we are giving to the Russia. To hear supporters of this bill talk about the dangers to Georgia and South Carolina, you would think that Sherman’s March on Atlanta, Georgia, and South Carolina was nothing compared to the harm this Congress would do if it failed to enact this bill. Well, the devastation that faces consumers in these States has nothing to do with what Congress has or has not done, but it has to do with the nuclear industry seeking special treatment, much as it is seeking taxpayer subsidies here today. b1645 It is an industry that has disregarded longstanding utility law to compel Georgians to pay higher electric bills for utility investments before they ever deliver one kilowatt of power. And it may, in fact, never get around to providing any power for all the money that is wasted on them. This is a bill that is masquerading as an incentive for the future. A glorious new day for nuclear power. And yet it makes this tax credit available to 20 yearold nuclear technology and for lastcentury uranium mining. This bill hardly matches its cover. It is true that $16 million of additional help to the nuclear industry is a mere footnote compared to the billions of taxpayer dollars, taxpayer resources, that have been lavished on this industry in the past. In Georgia, the nuclear power industry literally turned decades of utility law upside down in demanding that electric ratepayers pay for what stockholders traditionally have paid for. Even after doing that, Westinghouse, a once distinguished American company, a blue ribbon company, went belly up. It has been nuked, and so have those local utility ratepayers. As The New York Times reported recently: ‘‘Many of the company’s injuries are selfinflicted. . . . ’’ ‘‘Bankruptcy will make it harder for Westinghouse’s business partners to collect money they are owed by the nuclearplant maker.’’ ‘‘Now, it is unclear whether the company will be able to complete any of its projects, which in the United States are about 3 years late and billions over budget.’’ ‘‘The cost estimates are already running $1 billion to $1.3 billion higher than originally expected, according to a recent report from Morgan Stanley, and could eventually exceed $8 billion . . . ’’ right onto the shoulders of those ratepayers in Georgia and South Carolina. Of course, you would have thought, after the disaster at Fukushima and the many questions raised about nuclear power in Japan, that Congress would be rethinking nuclear power as a panacea. But even if you overlook this human disaster and the dangers to health and safety, a recognition that when the nuclear industry makes a mistake it is a mistake that lasts forever, if you just look at the economics alone, this kind of tax subsidy is unjustified. With an ample amount of natural gas coming on the market, with so much renewable energy, nuclear simply has not made economic sense, and the history of this particular legislation demonstrates that. When this tax break was originally set up back in 2005, there were some 32 nuclear plants that were going to take advantage of it, and it hasn’t been because of the failure of Congress that they didn’t. Out of that 32, exactly four have even begun to be built, and not one of them, not a single one of them, has been completed in over a decade and a half. After this record of miserable failures, there is good reason to ask why taxpayers should be called on to give even more. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from 13 environmental groups expressing opposition to the legislation. 
JUNE20, 2017. Re Opposition to H.R. 1551—amending tax credit provisions for ‘‘advanced’’ nuclear power. DEARSPEAKER RYAN AND MINORITY LEADER  PELOSI : On behalf of our millions of members we are writing to register our strong opposition to H.R. 1551 that would eliminate the placedinservice date for the nuclear production tax credit, which is currently January 1, 2021. It would also allow public power companies to receive the benefit of the federal production tax credit even though they pay no taxes. Despite H.R. 1551’s misleading title, the production tax credit it extends is not designated solely for new, supposed ‘‘advanced’’ nuclear technologies. Rather, reactor designs that were approved over twenty years ago are eligible as described in the bill analysis by the Joint Committee on Taxation, ‘‘An advanced nuclear facility is any nuclear facility for the production of electricity, the reactor design for which was approved after 1993 by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.’’ The nuclear industry is once again demonstrating that it is not only dirty and dangerous but that it is also not cost competitive. Despite promises that this time would be different, the four ToshibaWestinghouse AP1000 nuclear reactors under construction in the U.S., two at Southern Company’s 
Plant Vogtle in Georgia and two at SCANA’s V.C. Summer plant in South Carolina, have yet again shown that the nuclear industry is incapable of building new reactors within budget or on time even with significant federal and state financial incentives and new, streamlined federal licensing processes. Reports issued in recent weeks show that the costs of these projects are out of control, and falling further and further behind schedule. Both are approximately 40% complete in terms of construction, yet have already more than doubled in cost and projected construction time. When construction started in 2009, Vogtle 3 and 4 were projected to cost a total of $14 billion and to begin generating electricity in 2016 and 2017, respectively. Eight years later, the reactors may not be completed until 2022 and 2023, if ever, and at an estimated total project cost of $29 billion. Summer 2 and 3 were projected to cost $11 billion, but overruns have pushed the total to at least $22.9 billion. Consequently, utility customers in both states are suffering as they are paying in advance for the financing costs associated with the projects far longer than initially predicted and will ultimately face increasing bills because of the projects’ costs overruns. H.R. 1551 would unfairly reward Southern Company and SCANA Corp. for not being able to complete these projects on time, providing them each with more than $1 billion in taxpayerprovided handouts to shield their shareholders from the financial responsibility of pursuing inherently risky, uneconomical projects. Perhaps even worse, eliminating the placedinservice date will provide an incentive for yet other utilities to make the same mistakes. The purpose of tax incentives, whether for nuclear, renewable energy, or other technologies, is to support innovation and technological leadership in the energy sector and to drive the commercialization of promising new technologies. When the nuclear production tax credit was created in 2005, Congress hoped to support a revival of nuclear reactor construction. Only four out of thirtytwo reactors proposed since 2005 ever began construction, and the vast majority of the rest have been cancelled or indefinitely shelved. The failures to bring any of the four reactors online within the fifteenyear period of the tax credit program demonstrates that the technology is an even greater failure than the first generation of reactors, and it will never be widely commercialized. It is simply not a justified or worthy investment of taxpayers’ money to grant the owners of these reactors the extraordinary relief of billions of dollars in subsidies for projects that hold no promise for the U.S. energy sector. It should not be forgotten that Southern Company’s expansion of Plant Vogtle has already received substantial taxpayer support through the $8.3 billion in federal nuclear loan guarantees and the public/private cost sharing support during the permitting and licensing process. Finally, we oppose H.R. 1551 because the legislation establishes an expensive precedent by creating brandnew tax credit value for any notforprofit project partners that can only be transferred to all forprofit project partners. Both the Vogtle and Summer projects feature a combination of both forprofit and notforprofit utilities. Not forprofit utilities, such as rural cooperatives, municipal or stateowned utilities, have no federal tax liability and therefore are not entitled to tax credits. But under H.R. 1551, the tax credit is made available for notforprofit entities that can only be transferred to the project’s forprofit partners. Furthermore, H.R. 1551 specifies that rural cooperatives may treat tax credit transfers as funds collected for ‘‘the sole purpose of meeting losses and expenses’’—that is, as a form of debt relief, for which production tax credits were not intended. These measures amount to a brandnew, taxpayershouldered giveaway for both Southern Company and SCANA Corp. Furthermore, the definition of ‘‘eligible partners’’ that can receive the tax credits from the notforprofit partner(s) is troubling as it ‘‘includes any person who designed or constructed the nuclear power plant, participates in the provision of nuclear steam or nuclear fuel to the power plant, or has an ownership interest in the facility.’’ Providing tax credits to reactor suppliers or the uranium mining industry is objectionable and goes beyond the original intent of the law to provide incentives to actual nuclear utilities that were among the first to pursue new nuclear generation. The rationales provided for eliminating the placedinservice date for the nuclear production tax credit are irrelevant and have no merit: ‘‘The cost of H.R. 1551 is minimal.’’ The cost of the nuclear production tax credits is at least $5.2 billion. Due to both eliminating the placedinservice date and by permitting qualified public entities to transfer credits to an eligible project partner, the latter provision would actually increase the cost of the tax credits by allowing nonprofit, tax exempt owners of reactors to take a large federal tax credit. State and municipal utilities and rural cooperatives are major owners of both the Vogtle and Summer projects: rural cooperatives own 54.3% of the Vogtle 3 and 4 reactors; and Santee Cooper owns 45% of the Summer 2 and 3 reactors. By permitting these taxexempt entities to transfer tax credits to private sector partners, H.R. 1551 would double the anticipated amount of the tax credits for the Summer and Vogtle projects. The credits are valued at $18 per megawatthour of electricity generated for the first eight years. This would amount to about $160 million per year for each reactor— $1.3 billion each, or $5.2 billion for all four reactors. Taxpayers stand to avoid a $5.2 billion expense if none of the reactors come online before the tax credits expire at the end of 2020. By eliminating the placedinservice date, H.R. 1551 could cost taxpayers billions of dollars for a failed technology. ‘‘The tax credits are essential to the completion of the Vogtle and Summer projects.’’ It is not clear that the tax credits will have any effect on the outcome of the Vogtle and Summer projects at this point. Each of the reactors under construction is now $5 billion to $7 billion over budget. Even $1.3 billion in tax credits is not enough offset such massive cost overruns; and, in/ any case, the benefits of the production tax credit were assumed when the utilities began building the reactors. If the utilities determine to complete the reactors despite the cost overruns, the value of the tax credits will not be a decisive factor. ‘‘The tax credits are essential to maintaining U.S. leadership in the global nuclear industry.’’ Extending the nuclear production tax credit will do nothing to promote U.S. leadership in nuclear technology or reactor exports. The tax credits themselves will derive to the domestic utilities that will own and operate the Vogtle and Summer reactors, not the manufacturers that design, export, and build reactors. The nuclear divisions of Westinghouse and General Electric are the only two U.S.based companies actively involved in the global reactor market, but both are now owned by Japanese corporations (Toshiba and Hitachi). As a result of Westinghouse’s bankruptcy, Toshiba has determined not to build any more new reactors, and not to continue supporting the AP1000 reactor design. GEHitachi’s prospects are no better. The company has only two reactors in construction globally (both in Japan and longdelayed). ‘‘A viable commercial nuclear power industry is necessary to support the nation’s defense nuclear complex.’’ This would be a hypocritical reason to provide a subsidy to reactors, and could prove dangerous to peace and security domestically and globally. The U.S. is under international treaty obligations to maintain a strict separation of civilian and military applications of nuclear technology. Historically, the U.S. government’s purpose in promoting commercial nuclear power was to encourage the peaceful application of atomic energy, not to advance nuclear weapons. If the U.S. is perceived as promoting civilian nuclear power as a means of bolstering our nuclear weapons program, then it will undermine our credibility in the nonproliferation arena. It could also encourage enemies to view nuclear power plants as extensions of our military establishment, and hence as legitimate targets in armed conflict. We strongly oppose this bill and urge you to vote against this undeserved industry bailout. We urge Congress to oppose this provision and instead focus on low or nocarbon energy choices that can be deployed affordably in the nearterm, at low risk, that will lead us to a clean and sustainable future. Sincerely, Beyond Nuclear, Center for Biological Diversity, Clean Water Action, Environment America, Friends of the Earth, Greenpeace, League of Conservation Voters, Natural Resources Defense Council, Nuclear Information And Resource Service, Public Citizens, Sierra Club, Southern Alliance for Clean Energy, Southern Oregon Climate Action Now. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I believe that there is an important additional concern raised by our colleague Mr. NEALalready. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MITCHELL ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute, Mr. Speaker. Mr. DOGGETT. And that is the fact that there are so many other additional measures that our colleagues’ bipartisan efforts that are pending in our committee on energyefficient residential property, on fuel cells, on small wind energy, on geothermal heat pumps, to mention only a few. These represent forms of energy and energy conservation that will help us address climate change while achieving our energy objectives. Mr. Speaker, instead of today’s measure, our focus should be on safe, healthy forms of energy instead of an industry that costs too much and poses too much danger to humans. Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1551, legislation supported by Republicans and Democrats, focused on strengthening America’s energy security. This bill is sponsored and led by Congressman TOMRICE, and it clarifies an 
existing law dealing with tax credits for nuclear energy production and making sure these credits work effectively for America. It addresses an urgent problem that now poses a threat to America’s energy security and, by extension, our national security. As a result of an uncertainty with respect to the nuclear production tax credit, there is a risk of construction grinding to a halt on several cutting edge nuclear power plants in our country. Meanwhile, our global competitors like Russia and China are pushing forward nuclear power to bolster their own energy sectors. Nuclear power is critical to an allof theabove strategy for American energy independence and our national security. It is urgent that we take action now to solve this issue in our Tax Code and provide the certainty that our energy innovators need to continue moving forward with construction. That is exactly what Congressman RICE’s bill will do. To be clear, I would rather be standing here today to announce that this important bill is part of overall tax reform. But the fact is that our focus on that important goal doesn’t prevent us from acting to solve urgent problems in existing law like this. The fact is this bill is not what Washington calls a tax extender. That circus isn’t coming back to town. This bill is a solution to a serious and immediate problem in our Tax Code that threatens our energy security. That is why we are moving it forward right now. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman RICEfor his leadership on H.R. 1551 and the strong support from the South Carolina and Georgia delegations, all who have weighed in on this. And as we continue working with President Trump in the Senate to deliver comprehensive tax reform this year, we should pass this bill now, provide greater certainty for our nuclear energy innovators. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman RICEfor his introduction of this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, President Trump and I agree on many issues facing our Nation today. We share our number one priority: national security. Energy independence is critical to our mutual mission to safeguard the United States. That is why I stand before my colleagues in the Nation today in support of H.R. 1551 to modify the nuclear production tax credit. Enacted in 2005, the Energy Policy Act provided production tax credits for reactors with a deadline of 2020. When the law was enacted, Congress did not anticipate the sunset date would place a hardship on energy producers. As every businessowner knows, the unexpected happens in the real world. My district is leading the way in the expansion of our Nation’s nuclear energy resources, constructing two of the first nuclear reactors in the United States in more than 30 years. In fact, the 12th District of Georgia will have more than 75 percent of the nuclear generating capacity of the Southern Company. Also, because Georgia has been ranked as the number one place to locate your business for the last 4 years is because we enjoy extremely low power rates. In an unfortunate turn of events, Westinghouse filed for bankruptcy, which could result in the nuclear units coming online at Plant Vogtle a little later than 2020. H.R. 1551 will assist our Nation’s energy producers to complete Plant Vogtle’s units 3 and 4. Mr. Speaker, this is absolutely critical. This change will not cost the taxpayer an additional dime. You may ask: Why is this a national security issue? As it has been mentioned, China and Russia continue to make heavy investments in nuclear energy. We cannot send a signal to the rest of the world that nondemocratic countries are leading the way in nuclear production and that America is not investing in our own energy independence. Mr. Speaker, Plant Vogtle is critical to provide clean lowcost energy to Georgians. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this critical important legislation. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of H.R. 1551, and I want to thank Mr. RICEfor his hard work on this bill and the way he shepherded it through the legislative process. I think it is awfully important for a number of different reasons. I think it is important for the reason of the environment. I come from the low country of South Carolina, and we are seeing firsthand sea level rise and its effect. We can have a huge debate on what is causing that, what is not causing that. But in the meantime, there is a clear scientific consensus on the idea of increased CO2emissions being tied to this notion of global warming, which very much impacts my congressional district. It impacts a lot of places around the world. So I think that there is no perfect energy source out there, in fairness to my colleague. But of the available choices out there, I think that something that does address the CO2emission question is awfully important, and nuclear does. I think it is also important from the standpoint of base load in terms of energy in this country and its importance in terms of competitiveness around the world. Gordon Sullivan wrote a book entitled ‘‘Hope is not a Method,’’ and he talked about we may hope for a whole host of different breakthroughs in terms of alternatives, and I do hope that they come through, whether that is solar or tidal or who knows what. I think that there are emerging technologies there, but, in the meantime, we have to handle this issue of base load from the standpoint of our ability to compete with the rest of the world in terms of baseline energy as it relates to business and it relates to, frankly, the ability to cool one’s house in the warm air of South Carolina, or I guess the southwest these days. I think it is also important from the standpoint of energy independence. This idea of domestic production becomes incredibly important given the way in which we are dealing with a whole host of different places around the globe that at times don’t want what is best for America but want what is best for their region to the exclusion, at times, of what is best for America. Mr. Speaker, this idea of energy independence, I think, is also an important consideration into H.R. 1551. It is for that reason that I come by for a second to thank TOMRICEfor his hard work in shepherding this bill forward. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in reference to the previous gentleman’s comments, it is helpful for the acknowledgment that there is broad agreement among scientists as to how global warming is occurring. There is a suggestion that it is because of problems that have been generated by man and womankind. I think that President Obama said clearly all of the above as part of the solution. So the suggestion that we have had on this side as this legislation advances is also to use the pulpit of the Ways and Means Committee to move forward with advancing meaningful job creation in terms of alternative and renewable energy as well, and creating greater energy efficiencies. I would think that there should be an opportunity in this House to find some common agreements on legislation, similar to what we are witnessing today, on the renewable front as well. Greater energy efficiency for all of us should be of paramount concern. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I cannot overstate the importance this legislation represents to the future of nuclear energy production in the United States. As the Ways and Means Committee noted when it approved this same measure last year, while the committee continues to work on comprehensive tax reform as a critical means of promoting economic growth and job creation, it is important to provide immediate clarity and certainty on tax issues affecting American businesses, and this legislation will provide just that. 
I would also like to thank Chairman BRADY for his continued support of H.R. 1551, as well as the bipartisan support we received when this bill was voted out of committee by voice vote last week. Mr. Speaker, I ask for continued bipartisan support from my colleagues here in the House in passing this legislation, not just because it makes commonsense changes to the credit but because of the extreme sense of urgency to provide certainty for our nuclear industry. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. RICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1551, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1700 MODERNIZING THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT OF CHILDREN IN FOSTER CARE ACT Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2742) to amend title IV of the Social Security Act to require States to adopt an electronic system to help expedite the placement of children in foster care or guardianship, or for adoption, across State lines, and to provide funding to aid States in developing such a system, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2742 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act’’. 
The Congress finds that— (1) when a child in foster care cannot return safely home, the child deserves to be placed in a setting that is best for that child, regardless of whether it is in the child’s State or another State; (2) the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children (ICPC) was established in 1960 to provide a uniform legal framework for the placement of children across State lines in foster and adoptive homes; (3) frequently, children waiting to be placed with an adoptive family, relative, or foster parent in another State spend more time waiting for this to occur than children who are placed with an adoptive, family, relative, or foster parent in the same State, because of the outdated, administratively burdensome ICPC process; (4) no child should have to wait longer to be placed in a loving home simply because the child must cross a State line; (5) the National Electronic Interstate Compact Enterprise (NEICE) was launched in August 2014 in Indiana, Nevada, Florida, South Carolina, Wisconsin, and the District of Columbia, has since expanded into Illinois, Virginia, Rhode Island, California, Alaska, Nebraska, and Georgia, and is expected to be expanded into additional States to improve the administrative process by which children are placed with families across State lines; (6) States using this electronic interstate caseprocessing system have reduced administrative costs and the amount of staff time required to process these cases, and caseworkers can spend more time helping children instead of copying and mailing paperwork between States; (7) since NEICE was launched, placement time has decreased by 30 percent for interstate foster care placements; and (8) on average, States using this electronic interstate caseprocessing system have been able to reduce from 24 business days to 13 business days the time it takes to identify a family for a child and prepare the paperwork required to start the ICPC process. SEC. 3. STATE PLAN REQUIREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 471(a)(25) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(25)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘provide’’ and insert ‘‘provides’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, which in the case of a State other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, and American Samoa, not later than October 1, 2027, shall include the use of an electronic interstate caseprocessing system’’ before the 1st semicolon. (b) EXEMPTION OF INDIAN TRIBES .—Section 479B(c) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 679c(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) INAPPLICABILITY OF STATE PLAN RE QUIREMENT TO HAVE IN EFFECT PROCEDURES  
PROVIDING FOR THE USE AN ELECTRONIC INTER STATE CASE PROCESSING SYSTEM .—The re quirement in section 471(a)(25) that a State plan provide that the State shall have in effect procedures providing for the use of an electronic interstate caseprocessing system shall not apply to an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium that elects to operate a program under this part.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the 1st day of the 1st calendar quarter beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to payments under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act for calendar quarters beginning on or after such date. (2) DELAY PERMITTED IF STATE LEGISLATION  
REQUIRED .—If the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines that State legislation (other than legislation appropriating funds) is required in order for a State plan developed pursuant to part E of title IV of the Social Security Act to meet the additional requirement imposed by the amendments made by subsection (a), the plan shall not be regarded as failing to meet any of the additional requirements before the 1st day of the 1st calendar quarter beginning after the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. For purposes of the preceding sentence, if the State has a 2year legislative session, each year of the session is deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. 
SEC. 4. FUNDING FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF AN ELECTRONIC INTERSTATE CASE PROCESSING SYSTEM TO EXPEDITE THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT OF CHILDREN IN FOSTER CARE OR GUARDIANSHIP, OR FOR ADOPTION. 
Section 437 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629g) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) FUNDING FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF AN  ELECTRONIC INTERSTATE CASEPROCESSING  SYSTEM TOEXPEDITE THE INTERSTATE PLACE MENT OF CHILDREN IN FOSTER CARE OR  GUARDIANSHIP , OR FOR ADOPTION .— ‘‘(1) PURPOSE .—The purpose of this subsection is to facilitate the development of an electronic interstate caseprocessing system for the exchange of data and documents to expedite the placements of children in foster, guardianship, or adoptive homes across State lines. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—A State that seeks funding under this subsection shall submit to the Secretary the following information: ‘‘(A) A description of the goals and outcomes to be achieved, which goals and outcomes must result in— ‘‘(i) reducing the time it takes for a child to be provided with a safe and appropriate permanent living arrangement across State lines; ‘‘(ii) improving administrative processes and reducing costs in the foster care system; and ‘‘(iii) the secure exchange of relevant case files and other necessary materials in real time, and timely communications and placement decisions regarding interstate placements of children. ‘‘(B) A description of the activities to be funded in whole or in part with the funds, including the sequencing of the activities. ‘‘(C) A description of the strategies for integrating programs and services for children who are placed across State lines. ‘‘(D) Such other information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(3) FUNDING AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may provide funds to a State that complies with paragraph (2). In providing funds under this section, the Secretary shall prioritize States that are not yet connected with the electronic interstate caseprocessing system referred to in paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) USE OF FUNDS .—A State to which funding is provided under this subsection shall use the funding to support the State in connecting with, or enhancing or expediting services provided under, the electronic interstate caseprocessing system referred to in paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) EVALUATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the final year in which funds are awarded under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the Congress, and make available to the general public by posting on a website, a report that contains the following information: ‘‘(A) How using the electronic interstate caseprocessing system developed pursuant to paragraph (4) has changed the time it takes for children to be placed across State lines. ‘‘(B) The number of cases subject to the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children that were processed through the electronic interstate caseprocessing system, and the number of interstate child placement cases that were processed outside the electronic interstate caseprocessing system, by each State in each year. ‘‘(C) The progress made by States in implementing the electronic interstate caseprocessing system. ‘‘(D) How using the electronic interstate caseprocessing system has affected various metrics related to child safety and well being, including the time it takes for children to be placed across State lines. ‘‘(E) How using the electronic interstate caseprocessing system has affected administrative costs and caseworker time spent on placing children across State lines. ‘‘(6) DATA INTEGRATION .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretariat for the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children and the States, shall assess how the 
electronic interstate caseprocessing system developed pursuant to paragraph (4) could be used to better serve and protect children that come to the attention of the child welfare system, by— ‘‘(A) connecting the system with other data systems (such as systems operated by State law enforcement and judicial agencies, systems operated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for the purposes of the Innocence Lost National Initiative, and other systems); ‘‘(B) simplifying and improving reporting related to paragraphs (34) and (35) of section 471(a) regarding children or youth who have been identified as being a sex trafficking victim or children missing from foster care; and ‘‘(C) improving the ability of States to quickly comply with background check requirements of section 471(a)(20), including checks of child abuse and neglect registries as required by section 471(a)(20)(B).’’. 
SEC. 5. CONTINUATION OF DISCRETIONARY FUNDING TO PROMOTE SAFE AND STABLE FAMILIES. 
Section 437(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629g(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
SEC. 6. RESERVATION OF FUNDS TO IMPROVE THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT OF CHILDREN. 
Section 437(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629g(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) IMPROVING THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT  
OF CHILDREN .—The Secretary shall reserve $5,000,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2018 for providing funding under subsection (g), and the amount so reserved shall remain available through fiscal year 2022.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Indiana. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2742, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 2742, Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act, which I introduced along with the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS), my friend. We know full well the importance of a stable home environment for a child’s development and success later in life. Unfortunately, we don’t live in an ideal world. We have seen too many instances when abuse, neglect, physical or mental illness, addiction, incarceration, or death necessitates removing a child from their home. Right now, in my State of Indiana, there are more than 10,000 children in the foster care system than there were 18 months ago. This is due in large part to the opioid epidemic that has swept across our country. Our child welfare system is under unprecedented strain. Yet, in spite of this great need for foster care and adoption, if a child needs to be placed in another State, caseworkers from both States must literally print and fill out hundreds of pages of paperwork and mail them back and forth. This cumbersome process takes months, and just one missing page can set it back even further. These are precious months that an at risk child is stuck in limbo, waiting for the certainty of a more permanent home. It is time to bring this process into the 21st century. Luckily, there is an effort underway already to do just that. In November 2013, five States, including my home State of Indiana, and the District of Columbia, launched the National Electronic Interstate Compact Enterprise, or NEICE. This is a cloudbased electronic system that allows for the electronic exchange of data between States. It started as a pilot project, but the results have been crystal clear: placement wait times dropped by a month and a half, States spent less time and money on copying and mailing, and caseworkers saved valuable time. NEICE is now effective in 16 States, including Mr. DAVIS’ home State of Illinois, but we can’t stop at 16. As it stands today, if a child in my district in South Bend, Indiana, needed to be placed with their grandparents just 11 miles away in Niles, Michigan, the two States would have to undertake that arduous paperwork process because Michigan is not a part of NEICE yet. All States need to be a part of this system in order to realize its full benefits. That is where the bill before us comes in. H.R. 2742 represents a very important investment in the future of atrisk youth. It requires States to join the NEICE system by October 1, 2027, and sets aside $5 million in existing Federal funds to facilitate States in joining or expanding their services under NEICE. That money doesn’t come without strings. States must apply for the funds and submit detailed plans. The Secretary of Health and Human Services will have to submit periodic reports to Congress so that we can monitor progress as States join and ensure that this program continues to cut wait times for children and administrative costs for States. In the 114th Congress, this legislation passed the House of Representatives, but, unfortunately, did not come up for a vote in the Senate. It is our hope that we can cross the finish line this year and help atrisk youth find their forever home more quickly. I want to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS) for being a great partner in introducing this legislation. I would like to thank Senators Young, Grassley, and Gillibrand for introducing companion legislation in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, finally, I enter into the RECORD a list of 17 organizations that wrote in support of H.R. 2742. 
1. American Academy of Adoption Attorneys/American Academy of Assisted Reproductive Technology Attorneys 2. American Academy of Pediatrics 3. American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists 4. American Public Human Services Association 5. California County Welfare Directors Association 6. Child Advocates, Indianapolis, IN 7. Child Welfare League of America 8. Children’s Home Society of America 9. First Focus 10. Generations United 11. Indiana Department of Child Services 12. March of Dimes 13. National Association of Counties 14. National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners 15. Partnership for Strong Families 16. The Villages of Indiana 17. Voice for Adoption 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I strongly support H.R. 2742, the Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act. CrossState placement of youth in foster care is particularly salient to children living with kinship caregivers. Given that my congressional district has one of the highest percentages of grandparent caregivers in the Nation, I am pleased to join with Congresswoman WALORSKI in leading this important legislation. This bill helps reduce the barriers and delays that continue to exist when the best new home for a child is in a different State than the unsafe home the child had to leave. Removing barriers that delay or prevent interstate child placement is a longtime bipartisan goal within Congress. This bill addresses an important factor in those delays: the ability of State computer systems to link up to process the paperwork. The current paper based system is antiquated and slow. As part of an HHS pilot project, seven States, and the District of Columbia, currently participate in the National Electronic Interstate Compact Enterprise, or NEICE, an online tool that allows State office systems to talk to each other and process interstate placements more quickly. I am, indeed, proud that Illinois is one of those States. An early evaluation found that this system reduced waiting times for affected children by about onethird. Ten of the States have already announced plans to join the exchange over the next 2 years. H.R. 2742 would accelerate the number of participating States in the short run and ensure that all States participate in the long run. The more States that join, the more it speeds up the process for everyone. The director of the Illinois Department of Children and Family Services 
often emphasizes that we need to operate in ‘‘kid time’’ and not ‘‘adult time,’’ meaning that we need to recognize the urgency of restoring permanency for children in child welfare rather than allowing adult bureaucracy to impede permanency. Modernizing the technology to increase efficiencies and quicken placements is common sense and respects the urgency of finding permanent, loving homes for children. This is a good bill, and I thank Congresswoman WALORSKI and her staff for their excellent work. Our States are joined together, so we join with this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ), an outstanding legislator. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and I salute all of those who are here today offering the bills— this one, and the four other related bills—that are being considered; particularly, Mr. DAVIS, who now holds the position as ranking Democrat on the Human Resources Subcommittee, a job that I have held for the last several years; and Ms. BASS, who has so ably led our Foster Care Caucus. I think it is unfortunate that they are here; unfortunate because all of this business should have been resolved last year. All five of these modest bills would already be helping children today but for the way the socalled Family First Prevention Services Act was bungled last year. Each of these five bills were a part of it. But, unfortunately, families, and particularly families caring for foster children, have not, and are still not, among the first priorities of this Congress. Of course, here in the House, there were many speeches. We had extensive hearings year after year concerning foster children and the horrors of child abuse. But speeches alone can’t do the job. There are also many people of goodwill who genuinely care about this foster care problem in both parties. Mrs. WALORSKI is certainly one of those individuals. But all of us encountered a big problem last year in the Ways and Means Committee when the Family First Prevention Services Act came up. It was the same problem we faced in the last Congress when Senator WYDEN and I offered a larger version of the same piece of legislation. The Ways and Means Committee majority leadership objects to adding a dime of additional revenue to accompany our speeches. The majority rejected my recommendation for a tax compliance measure to simply require the reporting of alimony payments. If you get alimony, it is a form of income, but there is no report required. This is not an increased tax. It is a way of avoiding tax evasion. And it would have raised the revenues necessary to fund the additional Family First prevention services. When this bill reached the Senate, the House’s decision to reject that approach, or any other reasonable pay for, was, instead, relying on what you could call basically a ‘‘rob Peter to pay Paul’’ approach by cutting funds in support of adoptions and shifting funds from one part of the foster care system to another part. That, unfortunately, became the excuse in the Senate to block the bill from being passed. I have to say that my home State of Texas, under Federal court order, to correct its many unconstitutional abuses in the foster care system, wrongfully led the way in blocking the Family First bill. As to the particular bills that we have up today, this one recognizes how mobile our society is and how much we need to be able to go across the country in addressing this problem. The earlier bill that we considered concerning children who age out of the foster system that Ms. BASS sponsored—really important—we heard time and again about the challenges that those children face when they are, essentially, dumped out on the street at age 18 or age 21, depending on which State they are in; and challenges particularly for young women who find themselves in that situation without adequate preparation or adult help. This bill that we considered addressed the primary problem of limited Federal investment in helping these vulnerable older youth prepare for independence. I don’t have any objection to it or to any of the bills that are being considered today. I object only to the ideological insistence of some in the majority that any additional revenue from any source, no matter how reasonable, cannot be placed in a deficient foster care system, which too many of our States will not fix. And today’s changes do not appear to add any actual new resources to foster care, and, indeed, they are likely to be overwhelmed by one cut after another that President Trump is proposing, particularly the Medicaid cuts that are being forced through this Congress, that are very important to foster youth and to all children. So in this Congress—so indifferent to the education and social service and health needs of children of all types across our country—perhaps only taking a little step is the best we can expect to meet the needs of the most vulnerable children in our society. But I think all of us must be committed to work together to find a day when we are willing to take truly meaningful action before, rather than after, children—more children—are needlessly lost. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS). Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2742, the Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act. Children who cannot be safely returned home deserve to be placed in the best setting possible for them, regardless of the State where the setting is located; and no child should have to wait to move to that best setting because it is across the State line. b1715 Separation from a parent or long term caregiver is always traumatic for a child. Even if relatives come forward right away, it may take months to get licensed, months in which the child may bond with the foster family. When the relative lives in another State, the licensing process can often take as long as 6 months, so that might mean 6 months in foster care. Sometimes our wellintentioned efforts to protect children actually do them more harm. H.R. 2742 provides States with resources to automate this process so that social workers no longer have to photocopy documents and submit them on paper through a succession of offices. Last year, the National Foster Youth Institute organized a listening tour in Representative VICKY HARTZLER ’s district; and during a meeting with child welfare professionals, they described the challenges they face when relatives are identified in different States and they are unable to quickly place the child with family and must keep the child in foster care. The judges, social workers, and families specifically requested Members of Congress to change the law and asked the National Foster Youth Institute to please advocate for change. I look forward to communicating with Representative HARTZLER and her constituents about this legislation. I ask my colleagues to support the legislation sponsored by Representatives WALORSKI and D AVIS, H.R. 2742. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, but I will say that my staff and I have been delightfully pleased to work with Representative WALORSKI and her staff in preparing this very commonsense, good legislation. I strongly support it and urge its passage. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to close with the words from someone on the ground living this every day. Sharon Pierce is the president and CEO of The Villages of Indiana, the largest notforprofit child and family services provider in my State and a supporter of H.R. 2742: ‘‘The NEICE system is going to be invaluable in helping both the public and private sector child welfare agencies reduce considerably the length of time 
a child needs to wait for a forever family.’’ This isn’t just a good government bill, Mr. Speaker. Sure, we are reducing costs and paperwork and we can attach all sorts of numbers and dollar figures to that, but the most important thing we are doing here is we are giving atrisk youth a more permanent home sooner. We are giving them hope sooner. We are giving them a chance to actually thrive sooner. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2742. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PARTNERSHIP GRANTS TO STRENGTHEN FAMILIES AFFECTED BY PARENTAL SUBSTANCE ABUSE ACT Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2834) to improve the wellbeing of, and improve permanency outcomes for, children and families affected by heroin, opioids, and other substance abuse, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2834 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Partnership Grants to Strengthen Families Affected by Parental Substance Abuse Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ENHANCEMENTS TO GRANTS TO IMPROVE WELLBEING OF FAMILIES AFFECTED BY SUBSTANCE ABUSE. 
Section 437(f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘INCREASE THE WELLBEING OF , AND TO IMPROVE THE PERMANENCY OUTCOMES FOR , CHILDREN AFFECTED BY ’’ and inserting ‘‘I MPLE MENT IV–E P REVENTION SERVICES , AND IMPROVE THE WELLBEING OF , ANDIMPROVE PERMANENCY OUTCOMES FOR , CHILDREN AND FAMILIES AFFECTED BY HEROIN , O PIOIDS , AND OTHER ’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) REGIONAL PARTNERSHIP DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘regional partnership’ means a collaborative agreement (which may be established on an interstate, State, or intrastate basis) entered into by the following: ‘‘(A) MANDATORY PARTNERS FOR ALL PART NERSHIP GRANTS .— ‘‘(i) The State child welfare agency that is responsible for the administration of the State plan under this part and part E. ‘‘(ii) The State agency responsible for administering the substance abuse prevention and treatment block grant provided under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the Public Health Service Act. ‘‘(B) MANDATORY PARTNERS FOR PARTNER SHIP GRANTS PROPOSING TO SERVE CHILDREN IN  OUTOFHOME PLACEMENTS .—If the partnership proposes to serve children in outof home placements, the Juvenile Court or Administrative Office of the Court that is most appropriate to oversee the administration of court programs in the region to address the population of families who come to the attention of the court due to child abuse or neglect. ‘‘(C) OPTIONAL PARTNERS .—At the option of the partnership, any of the following: ‘‘(i) An Indian tribe or tribal consortium. ‘‘(ii) Nonprofit child welfare service providers. ‘‘(iii) Forprofit child welfare service providers. ‘‘(iv) Community health service providers, including substance abuse treatment providers. ‘‘(v) Community mental health providers. ‘‘(vi) Local law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(vii) School personnel. ‘‘(viii) Tribal child welfare agencies (or a consortia of the agencies). ‘‘(ix) Any other providers, agencies, personnel, officials, or entities that are related to the provision of child and family services under a State plan approved under this subpart. ‘‘(D) EXCEPTION FOR REGIONAL PARTNER SHIPS WHERE THE LEAD APPLICANT IS AN IN DIAN TRIBE OR TRIBAL CONSORTIA .—If an In dian tribe or tribal consortium enters into a regional partnership for purposes of this subsection, the Indian tribe or tribal consortium— ‘‘(i) may (but is not required to) include the State child welfare agency as a partner in the collaborative agreement; ‘‘(ii) may not enter into a collaborative agreement only with tribal child welfare agencies (or a consortium of the agencies); and ‘‘(iii) if the condition described in paragraph (2)(B) applies, may include tribal court organizations in lieu of other judicial partners.’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$500,000 and not more than $1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000 and not more than $1,000,000’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by inserting ‘‘; 
PLANNING ’’ after ‘‘ APPROVAL ’’; (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (ii) and (iii)’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) SUFFICIENT PLANNING .—A grant awarded under this subsection shall be disbursed in two phases: a planning phase (not to exceed 2 years) and an implementation phase. The total disbursement to a grantee for the planning phase may not exceed $250,000, and may not exceed the total anticipated funding for the implementation phase.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) LIMITATION ON PAYMENT FOR A FISCAL  
YEAR .—No payment shall be made under subparagraph (A) or (C) for a fiscal year until the Secretary determines that the eligible partnership has made sufficient progress in meeting the goals of the grant and that the members of the eligible partnership are coordinating to a reasonable degree with the other members of the eligible partnership.’’; (4) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, parents, and families’’ after ‘‘children’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘safety and permanence for such children; and’’ and inserting ‘‘safe, permanent caregiving relationships for the children;’’; (iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ and inserting ‘‘increase reunification rates for children who have been placed in outofhome care, or decrease’’; and (iv) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (v) and inserting after clause (ii) the following: ‘‘(iii) improve the substance abuse treatment outcomes for parents including retention in treatment and successful completion of treatment; ‘‘(iv) facilitate the implementation, delivery, and effectiveness of prevention services and programs under section 471(e); and’’; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘where appropriate,’’; and (C) by striking subparagraphs (E) and (F) and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) A description of a plan for sustaining the services provided by or activities funded under the grant after the conclusion of the grant period, including through the use of prevention services and programs under section 471(e) and other funds provided to the State for child welfare and substance abuse prevention and treatment services. ‘‘(F) Additional information needed by the Secretary to determine that the proposed activities and implementation will be consistent with research or evaluations showing which practices and approaches are most effective.’’; (5) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘abuse treatment’’ and inserting ‘‘use disorder treatment including medication assisted treatment and inhome substance abuse disorder treatment and recovery’’; (6) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (C); and (B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E) and inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) demonstrate a track record of successful collaboration among child welfare, substance abuse disorder treatment and mental health agencies; and’’; (7) in paragraph (8)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘establish indicators that will be’’ and inserting ‘‘review indicators that are’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘in using funds made available under such grants to achieve the purpose of this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘and establish a set of core indicators related to child safety, parental recovery, parenting capacity, and family wellbeing. In developing the core indicators, to the extent possible, indicators shall be made consistent with the outcome measures described in section 471(e)(6)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘base the performance measures on lessons learned from prior rounds of regional partnership grants under this subsection, and’’ before ‘‘consult’’; and (ii) by striking clauses (iii) and (iv) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) Other stakeholders or constituencies as determined by the Secretary.’’; and (8) in paragraph (9)(A), by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) SEMIANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than September 30 of each fiscal year in which a recipient of a grant under this subsection is paid funds under the grant, and every 6 months thereafter, the grant recipient shall submit to the Secretary a report on the services provided and activities carried out during the reporting period, progress made in achieving the goals of the program, the number of children, adults, and families receiving services, and such additional information as the Secretary determines is necessary. The report due not later than September 30 of the last such fiscal year shall include, at a minimum, data on each of the performance 
indicators included in the evaluation of the regional partnership.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on October 1, 2017. (b) TRANSITION RULE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a State plan under part B of title IV of the Social Security Act which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires State legislation (other than legislation appropriating funds) in order for the plan to meet the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this Act, the State plan shall not be regarded as failing to comply with the requirements of such part solely on the basis of the failure of the plan to meet such additional requirements before the first day of the first calendar quarter beginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of enactment of this Act. For purposes of the previous sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2year legislative session, each year of the session shall be deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. (2) APPLICATION TO PROGRAMS OPERATED BY  
INDIAN TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .—In the case of an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires time to take action necessary to comply with the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this Act (whether the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium has a plan under section 479B of the Social Security Act or a cooperative agreement or contract entered into with a State), the Secretary shall provide the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium with such additional time as the Secretary determines is necessary for the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium to take the action to comply with the additional requirements before being regarded as failing to comply with the requirements. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from South Dakota. 
Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2834, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from South Dakota? There was no objection. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Partnership Grants to Strengthen Families Affected by Parental Substance Abuse Act. I applaud Mr. DAVIS for all of the excellent work he has done on this issue. Most substantiated child abuse and neglect cases involve substance abuse by a parent or a guardian. This is something we are seeing all too often in places like my home State of South Dakota. Substance abuse, especially alcohol and meth, result in far too many instances of child abuse, domestic abuse, and other kinds of violent crime and behavior. Historically, a lack of coordination and collaboration has hindered the ability of those working in the fields of child welfare and substance abuse, and even the courts, from fully supporting families in substance abuse crisis. Families involved with child welfare have complex needs. No two cases are alike. It is for this reason that improving outcomes for parents and children require a coordinated effort among all systems. This bill strengthens the Regional Partnership Grants program, which provides funding to State and regional grantees seeking to provide evidence based services to prevent child abuse and neglect related to substance abuse. Most importantly, this bill updates the RPG program to specifically address the opioid and heroin epidemics. By ensuring better coordination, this bill will also encourage States to address the wellbeing of the family as a whole, using evidencebased approaches to help parents and children at the same time, so many children can stay safely at home with their families. Finally, this bill is noncontroversial and it is bipartisan. Provisions in this bill were contained in the Family First Prevention Services Act last Congress, which passed the House by a voice vote. The Family First Act, as you recall, was supported by over 500 State and local organizations representing a wide range of practitioners and advocacy organizations. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to stand with Mr. DAVIS in supporting this bill today. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I strongly support H.R. 2834, the Partnership Grants to Strengthen Families Affected by Parental Substance Abuse Act. I am pleased to join with Congresswoman NOEM in leading this bill to strengthen families by addressing parental substance abuse and decreasing the number of children entering foster care. Our bill is common sense. It takes the research lessons from the smaller scale Regional Partnership Grants and expands those efforts to the State level. We know that substance abuse underlies a substantial percentage of child welfare cases, affecting between onethird to twothirds of children in care. Aside from neglect, alcohol or other drug use is the number one reason for removal from the home. In 2014, over 77,000 youths were removed from their homes due to drug abuse. What is exciting is that we have strong empirical evidence that working with parents experiencing substance abuse significantly helps children and families; specifically, working with these families helps children to experience fewer days in foster care, higher reunification rates, less recurrence of child maltreatment, and better permanency over time. H.R. 2834 provides the opportunity to scale up these successes from smaller, targeted interventions into full State interventions, while building the research to better inform Federal policy overall. My home State of Illinois has led the Nation in addressing substance abuse issues in child welfare. We know that we need to do more to address this problem, but we know what works and we know we can work bipartisanly to support families in addressing substance abuse so that we can increase permanency and safety. When I ask foster youth what policymakers could do to make child welfare better, they almost always say: ‘‘You could have helped my mom and dad.’’ That is what we do today. I urge passage of this important legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California, (Ms. BASS). Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2834, the Partnership Grants to Strengthen Families Affected by Parental Substance Abuse Act. This piece of legislation is responsive to countless pleas of youth and families seeking necessary assistance and support without fracturing critical family bonds and relationships. The majority of children who are removed from home are actually removed for neglect and not physical or sexual abuse. Over 60 percent of children are removed for neglect, and neglect is secondary to substance abuse, mental health issues, and abject poverty. In the 1990s, when the crack cocaine epidemic hit, we didn’t understand much about addiction, and so we were angry. We punished the mothers. We imprisoned the mothers. We took the children away, and we didn’t realize that actually not addressing the underlying substance abuse issue would really be more harmful to the children than removing them and putting them into foster care. Now that we are experiencing another epidemic related to drugs, both with meth and with heroin, at least our knowledge base has grown a lot. We have drug courts. We have evidence based treatments. We have a lot of ways that we can address families. One of the things that we have learned is that, if you can put the entire family in treatment, then, that way, one, the parents are not separated from their children, the children can get help, and the parents can get help as well. What often happens if you remove the child from the parent is that you set the parent up to relapse or to never actually go into treatment because they will cycle into depression, and they will continue their cycle of addiction. 
We have had many children who actually wound up growing up in foster care because their parents were removed ask us, why didn’t we help the family, why didn’t we help their parents. Sadly, what has happened to many of these children, when they grow up, they continue the same cycle of going into depression, winding up in addiction. Over the years, the National Foster Youth Institute in conjunction with the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth have organized many different delegations and trips around the country looking at the different foster care systems. Our very first listening tour was in Los Angeles, and we visited a program called SHIELDS for Families. SHIELDS for Families is a very large drug treatment program that has functioned for over 20 years by keeping the entire family together, and some of these families can remain in residential care for as long as a year. They have been able to reduce the number of children who were removed and go into the foster care system because they provide treatment for the family as a whole. This bill would modify the award criteria for Health and Human Services to consider whether a partnership has a track record of selective collaboration among child welfare, substance abuse disorder treatment, and mental health agencies. Simply put, this bill is designed to keep families together. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2834. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, over a decade of research shows the successes of helping families involved in the child welfare system who struggle with substance abuse. Through this research, we know that there are seven common ingredients that help improve families’ outcomes: a system of identifying families, earlier access to assessment and treatment services, increased management of recovery services and compliance, increased judicial oversight, responses to participant behavior based on proven contingency management approaches, collaborative approaches across service systems and courts, and improved familycentered services and repair of parentchild relationships. b1730 Again, Mr. Speaker, it has been a pleasure for my staff and I to have the opportunity to work with Mrs. NOEM and her staff in preparing this legislation. And I might note that on Saturday of this past week, a group of us in Illinois took two busloads of children to a special program run by the Illinois Department of Corrections at the Sheridan Correctional Center to see their fathers, who were all involved in a special program established for individuals who were incarcerated for crimes dealing with substance and who, themselves, were substance users. This experience was so exciting in terms of these individuals finding help, and their children being able to interact with them, even though they were incarcerated. So someone asked me what was I going to do for Father’s Day, and I told them after we returned that I have had my Father’s Day experience. If we can help these individuals to rid themselves of the tremendous habits and difficulty that they have of substance use, then Father’s Day would be good enough. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM), and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, again, want to applaud Mr. DAVIS for all of his work on this issue. I know he is passionate and has a big heart for our children, especially those that are in difficult situations such as we are discussing today. This bill will help us protect the fundamental element of our society, and that is the family. It will keep families together. It will empower courts and child welfare workers to coordinate for the good of children, and I am proud to support this bill. I ask for the support of this legislation that is before us, Mr. Speaker, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2834, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SUPPORTING FAMILIES IN SUBSTANCE ABUSE TREATMENT ACT Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2857) to support foster care maintenance payments for children with parents in a licensed residential familybased treatment facility for substance abuse, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2857 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting Families in Substance Abuse Treatment Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FOSTER CARE MAINTENANCE PAYMENTS FOR CHILDREN WITH PARENTS IN A LICENSED RESIDENTIAL FAMILY BASED TREATMENT FACILITY FOR SUBSTANCE ABUSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 472 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 672) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘or’’ and inserting ‘‘, with a parent residing in a licensed residential familybased treatment facility, but only to the extent permitted under subsection (j), or in a’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) CHILDREN PLACED WITH A PARENT RESIDING IN A LICENSED RESIDENTIAL FAMILY  BASED TREATMENT FACILITY FOR SUBSTANCE  ABUSE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this section, a child who is eligible for foster care maintenance payments under this section shall be eligible for the payments for a period of not more than 12 months during which the child is placed with a parent who is in a licensed residential familybased treatment facility for substance abuse, but only if— ‘‘(A) the recommendation for the placement is specified in the child’s case plan before the placement; ‘‘(B) the treatment facility provides, as part of the treatment for substance abuse, parenting skills training, parent education, and individual and family counseling; and ‘‘(C) the substance abuse treatment, parenting skills training, parent education, and individual and family counseling is provided under an organizational structure and treatment framework that involves understanding, recognizing, and responding to the effects of all types of trauma and in accordance with recognized principles of a trauma informed approach and traumaspecific interventions to address the consequences of trauma and facilitate healing. ‘‘(2) PAYMENT AMOUNT .—The amount the State may receive under section 474(a)(1) for a child placed with a parent who is in a licensed residential familybased treatment facility for substance abuse shall not exceed the amount the State would otherwise be eligible to receive under such section based on where the child would be appropriately placed in a setting described in section 472(a)(2)(C) if such treatment setting were not available. ‘‘(3) APPLICATION .—With respect to children for whom foster care maintenance payments are made under paragraph (1), only the children who satisfy the requirements of paragraphs (1)(B) and (3) of subsection (a) shall be considered to be children with respect to whom foster care maintenance payments are made under this section for purposes of subsection (h) or section 473(b)(3)(B).’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 474(a)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘subject to section 472(j),’’ before ‘‘an amount equal to the Federal’’ the first place it appears. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATES .—Subject to subsection (b), the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on October 1, 2017. (b) TRANSITION RULE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a State plan under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires State legislation (other than legislation appropriating funds) in order for the plan to meet the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this Act, the State plan shall not be regarded as failing to comply with the requirements of such part solely on the basis of the failure of the plan to meet such additional requirements before the first day of the first calendar quarter beginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of enactment of this Act. For purposes of the previous sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2year legislative session, each year of the session shall be deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. 
INDIAN TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .—In the case of an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires time to take action necessary to comply with the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this Act (whether the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium has a plan under section 479B of the Social Security Act or a cooperative agreement or contract entered into with a State), the Secretary shall provide the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium with such additional time as the Secretary determines is necessary for the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium to take the action to comply with the additional requirements before being regarded as failing to comply with the requirements. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from South Dakota. 
Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2857, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from South Dakota? There was no objection. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the Supporting Families in Substance Abuse Treatment Act, which I have cosponsored with my colleague, Ms. JUDYCHUfrom California. Across the country, opioid abuse has reached epidemic proportions. In my home State of South Dakota, drug use tears families apart. It results in gang activity, domestic abuse, and other kinds of violence, including many of our Native American communities throughout the State. Congress has worked to provide first responders and healthcare providers with tools they need to address this crisis, but we need to do more. We need to do more to ensure the stability of families affected by these terrible drugs. The Supporting Families in Substance Abuse Treatment Act provides muchneeded support to families fighting to endure through substance abuse. The bill permits Federal foster care payments for children in foster care who are placed with a parent in a licensed residential familybased treatment facility for a period of up to 12 months. Programs that address parental substance abuse by housing families together have been found to be highly effective in supporting parentchild bonding and reducing substance abuse relapses. Unfortunately, these programs aren’t utilized to their fullest extent. This bill ensures that States incur little to no additional cost if a child is safely placed with a parent in a family substance abuse treatment program, rather than separating the child from their parent and placing the parent in an individual program. I would remind my colleagues that provisions in this bill were included in the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016, which passed the House by voice vote and received support from over 500 different State and local groups representing a wide range of practitioners and advocacy organizations. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H.R. 2857, the Supporting Families in Substance Abuse Treatment Act. Substance abuse has had a devastating impact on families in the U.S. Between 60 to 80 percent of substantiated child abuse and neglect cases involve substance use by a custodial parent or guardian. Early access to substance use treatment improves parental, family, and childfocused outcomes. However, treatment access can come at the cost of removing a child from their parents’ care. This separation disrupts opportunities for mothers and children to develop emotional bonds, increasing the likelihood of childhood emotional and behavior problems. Although research shows that keeping children in a parent’s care while they seek treatment has benefits to the parent and the child, access to parent child treatment centers have been limited. To address this concern, a significant number of programs in Illinois and nationally have led the way in family substance abuse treatment. One example in my congressional district is the Haymarket Center, with a 16bed pregnant and postpartum program that allows patients to bring up to two children with them. Using evidencebased practices for trauma, family reunification and children’s development, the Haymarket Center has demonstrated significant positive outcomes through an independent evaluation. For example, women experienced significant declines in substance use at both 3 and 6month followups; improvements in mental and physical health; less victimization, homelessness and criminal activity; increased safe and healthy pregnancies, and improved birth outcomes. In addition, the Haymarket Center has expanded its residential treatment center services to include a responsible fatherhood program, which they document as playing a crucial part in achieving strong outcomes. Another example is on what we in Chicago call the South Side of Chicago and the West Side of Chicago and the North Side of Chicago and the East Side of Chicago, but on the South Side of Chicago, the Harriet Tubman Program, which is a 16bed facility that can accommodate up to 10 children under the age of 5. Women who participate in these programs remain in the program longer and have lower rates of recidivism. There is also The Women’s Treatment Center on the West Side. This center has a pregnant and postpartum women’s program for up to 12 women and up to 12 children, as well as a residential rehab for up to 14 women and up to 23 children. All of these programs provide real assistance to strengthen real families. H.R. 2857 is common sense. These familybased treatment programs have demonstrated success, lower relapse rates, decreased attachment trauma for children, and they build families and health. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, having no other speakers, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. JUDYCHU), who is a sponsor of this legislation. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2857, the Supporting Families in Substance Abuse Treatment Act. I am pleased to cosponsor this bipartisan bill with Congresswoman KRISTI NOEM. This important legislation would encourage States to prioritize keeping families together when a parent is receiving substance abuse treatment. Under current law, States cannot receive Federal reimbursement if they choose to place both a parent and child in a family substance abuse treatment program. However, if that child is separated from their parent and placed with a foster family, the State can receive a match in Federal funding of 50 percent or more. This discrepancy effectively creates an incentive to separate children from their parents when one is receiving substance abuse treatment. However, studies have shown that keeping children in the care of their parents while they seek treatment can increase family bonding, child attachment, and family functioning, all while minimizing the trauma of separation for children. Today, solutions to parental drug abuse that prioritize the family are increasingly necessary as the opioid epidemic continues to place unprecedented strains on our communities. According to one estimate, drug overdoses may now be the leading cause of death among Americans under the age of 50. And as more parents require substance abuse treatment, more children are placed into foster care. In fact, studies found that between one third and twothirds of children enter foster care at least partly because of parental substance abuse. 
Now, we know that foster care does wonders for many children every day, but it may not be the best match for every child, and the decision should not come down to cost. In my district of Los Angeles, for instance, we have a program called the Exodus program, where formerly homeless families live in an onsite apartment complex and receive comprehensive services, including substance abuse treatment, counseling, child development, and family reunification services. Over the last 7 years, more than 80 percent of enrolled families have completed the program, and 95 percent have been able to keep their families together. Even though we know that parent child substance abuse models like Exodus have shown promising results, current law does not financially incentivize States to utilize these programs where they are available. The Supporting Families in Substance Abuse Treatment Act would address this problem by ensuring that if parents and children are placed in these programs and stay together, the State can receive the full Federal match for the child’s living costs. States would retain full authority to decide which placement is best, but that consideration will now be based on what is best for the child, not what is most affordable for the State. States should be given the option to use familybased treatment options without risking the loss of Federal foster care reimbursement. I urge my colleagues to consider our Nation’s families and how this legislation may impact those with heads of household who are struggling with addiction. We can heal them without creating new trauma or pain for their children. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2857. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, having no other speakers, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS). Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2857, to support foster care maintenance payments for children with parents in a licensed residential facility. Last month, when the National Foster Youth Institute sponsored Foster Youth Shadow Day, several of the youth, in a townhall meeting that we had, described their parents’ challenges with substance abuse. One young lady said that both of her parents were addicted to heroin, and that she was taken into court and, in front of her, the judge said to her parents: ‘‘If you don’t clean up, we’re going to take your children away.’’ b1745 After she left court, she was taken away. She was removed from her parents. Ultimately, her parents continued to use, and, sadly, both of them died. This young woman grew up feeling guilty and feeling that part of the reason why her parents passed away was because she was used as leverage, and that if her parents had been kept together in drug treatment along with her maybe she wouldn’t be an orphan today and her parents would have lived and she wouldn’t have had to grow up in foster care. H.R. 2857 will allow programs like SHIELDS for Families that does address parental substance abuse and keeps families together to have the resources to expand their programs. Today, we heard five bills that addressed challenges in the child welfare system. We know that there is a lot more that needs to be done, but today we passed bills addressing substance abuse, relative caregivers, we identified and addressed barriers to placement, and I am hoping that one next step we could take would be to extend the kinship navigator programs so that organizations like Community Coalition can continue to provide support to relatives and expand their Kinship in Action program. As we improve various parts of the system, at some point we need to address the structural problem with how the system is financed. Right now, we have to remove a child and break up a family in order to have the resources to help the child. We know much more now. We know what leads a parent to neglect the child: substance abuse, mental health issues, poverty. We need to continue to reform the system and provide the resources to prevent a crisis. When problems are identified, why should we wait for the neglect to occur? Once again, I want to thank Chairman BRADY , Ranking Member N EAL, and all of the sponsors of the legislation today, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2857. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to commend Representative NOEM and all of the cosponsors of this important bill. These are programs that have been proven to work. They are what are called evidence based, where the research demonstrates that, with them, individuals have been able to improve the quality of not only their lives, but certainly the lives of their children and the lives of everyone with whom they come into contact. I agree that today has been a tremendous day for the Ways and Means Committee and also a tremendous day for the people of the United States of America, where we have come together with five bills that will be passed at the end of the day dealing with the needs, hopes, and aspirations of our vulnerable population of children. You really can’t have a better day than that. And so again, I commend Chairman BRADY , Ranking Member N EAL, and all of the Members for their participation, engagement, and involvement. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I want to thank all of my colleagues for working with me on this legislation and collaborating on the Supporting Families in Substance Abuse Treatment Act that is before us today. This is a critical step in addressing the needs that we have in our communities with the urgent opioid and methamphetamine crisis in our country while protecting the foundation of our society, which is the family. Mr. Speaker, I urge the support of this legislation that is before us today, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2857, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
WOMEN, PEACE, AND SECURITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2484) to ensure that the United States promotes the meaningful participation of women in mediation and negotiation processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or resolve violent conflict. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2484 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017’’. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Around the world, women remain underrepresented in conflict prevention, conflict resolution, and postconflict peace building efforts. (2) Women in conflictaffected regions have achieved significant success in— (A) moderating violent extremism; (B) countering terrorism; (C) resolving disputes through nonviolent mediation and negotiation; and (D) stabilizing societies by enhancing the effectiveness of security services, peacekeeping efforts, institutions, and decision making processes. (3) Research suggests that peace negotiations are more likely to succeed and to result in durable peace agreements when women participate in the peace process. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the meaningful participation of women in conflict prevention and conflict resolution processes helps to promote more inclusive and democratic societies and is critical to 
the longterm stability of countries and regions; (2) the political participation, and leadership of women in fragile environments, particularly during democratic transitions, is critical to sustaining lasting democratic institutions; and (3) the United States should be a global leader in promoting the meaningful participation of women in conflict prevention, management, and resolution, and postconflict relief and recovery efforts. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to promote the meaningful participation of women in all aspects of overseas conflict prevention, management, and resolution, and postconflict relief and recovery efforts, reinforced through diplomatic efforts and programs that— (1) integrate the perspectives and interests of affected women into conflictprevention activities and strategies; (2) encourage partner governments to adopt plans to improve the meaningful participation of women in peace and security processes and decisionmaking institutions; (3) promote the physical safety, economic security, and dignity of women and girls; (4) support the equal access of women to aid distribution mechanisms and services; (5) collect and analyze gender data for the purpose of developing and enhancing early warning systems of conflict and violence; (6) adjust policies and programs to improve outcomes in gender equality and the empowerment of women; and (7) monitor, analyze, and evaluate the efforts related to each strategy submitted under section 5 and the impact of such efforts. 
SEC. 5. UNITED STATES STRATEGY TO PROMOTE THE PARTICIPATION OF WOMEN IN CONFLICT PREVENTION AND PEACE BUILDING. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and again four years thereafter, the President, in consultation with the heads of the relevant Federal departments and agencies, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and make publicly available a single governmentwide strategy, to be known as the Women, Peace, and Security Strategy, that provides a detailed description of how the United States intends to fulfill the policy objectives in section 4. The strategy shall— (1) support and be aligned with plans developed by other countries to improve the meaningful participation of women in peace and security processes, conflict prevention, peace building, transitional processes, and decisionmaking institutions; and (2) include specific and measurable goals, benchmarks, performance metrics, timetables, and monitoring and evaluation plans to ensure the accountability and effectiveness of all policies and initiatives carried out under the strategy. (b) SPECIFIC PLANS FOR DEPARTMENTS AND  AGENCIES .—Each strategy under subsection (a) shall include a specific implementation plan from each of the relevant Federal departments and agencies that describes— (1) the anticipated contributions of the department or agency, including technical, financial, and inkind contributions, to implement the strategy; and (2) the efforts of the department or agency to ensure that the policies and initiatives carried out pursuant to the strategy are designed to achieve maximum impact and longterm sustainability. (c) COORDINATION .—The President should promote the meaningful participation of women in conflict prevention, in coordination and consultation with international partners, including, as appropriate, multilateral organizations, stakeholders, and other relevant international organizations, particularly in situations in which the direct engagement of the United States Government is not appropriate or advisable. (d) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President, in implementing each strategy submitted under subsection (a), should— (1) provide technical assistance, training, and logistical support to female negotiators, mediators, peace builders, and stakeholders; (2) address securityrelated barriers to the meaningful participation of women; (3) encourage increased participation of women in existing programs funded by the United States Government that provide training to foreign nationals regarding law enforcement, the rule of law, or professional military education; (4) support appropriate local organizations, especially women’s peace building organizations; (5) support the training, education, and mobilization of men and boys as partners in support of the meaningful participation of women; (6) encourage the development of transitional justice and accountability mechanisms that are inclusive of the experiences and perspectives of women and girls; (7) expand and apply gender analysis, as appropriate, to improve program design and targeting; and (8) conduct assessments that include the perspectives of women regarding new initiatives in support of peace negotiations, transitional justice and accountability, efforts to counter violent extremism, or security sector reform. 
SEC. 6. TRAINING REQUIREMENTS REGARDING THE PARTICIPATION OF WOMEN IN CONFLICT PREVENTION AND PEACE BUILDING. 
(a) F OREIGN SERVICE .—The Secretary of State, in conjunction with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall ensure that all appropriate personnel (including special envoys, members of mediation or negotiation teams, relevant members of the civil service or Foreign Service, and contractors) responsible for or deploying to countries or regions considered to be at risk of, undergoing, or emerging from violent conflict obtain training, as appropriate, in the following areas, each of which shall include a focus on women and ensuring meaningful participation by women: (1) Conflict prevention, mitigation, and resolution. (2) Protecting civilians from violence, exploitation, and trafficking in persons. (3) International human rights law and international humanitarian law. (b) DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—The Sec retary of Defense shall ensure that relevant personnel receive training, as appropriate, in the following areas: (1) Training in conflict prevention, peace processes, mitigation, resolution, and security initiatives that specifically addresses the importance of meaningful participation by women. (2) Gender considerations and meaningful participation by women, including training regarding— (A) international human rights law and international humanitarian law, as relevant; and (B) protecting civilians from violence, exploitation, and trafficking in persons. (3) Effective strategies and best practices for ensuring meaningful participation by women. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development may establish guidelines or take other steps to ensure overseas United States personnel of the Department of State or the United States Agency for International Development, as the case may be, consult with appropriate stakeholders, including local women, youth, ethnic and religious minorities, and other politically underrepresented or marginalized populations, regarding United States efforts to— (1) prevent, mitigate, or resolve violent conflict; and (2) enhance the success of mediation and negotiation processes by ensuring the meaningful participation of women. (b) COLLABORATION AND COORDINATION .— The Secretary of State should work with international, regional, national, and local organizations to increase the meaningful participation of women in international peacekeeping operations, and should promote training that provides international peacekeeping personnel with the substantive knowledge and skills needed to ensure effective physical security and meaningful participation of women in conflict prevention and peace building. 
(a) B RIEFING .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the first submission of a strategy required under section 5, the Secretary of State, in conjunction with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development and the Secretary of Defense, shall brief the appropriate congressional committees on existing, enhanced, or newly established training carried out pursuant to section 6. (b) REPORT ON WOMEN , PEACE , AND SECURITY STRATEGY .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the submission of each strategy required under section 5, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that— (1) summarizes and evaluates the implementation of such strategy and the impact of United States diplomatic efforts and foreign assistance programs, projects, and activities to promote the meaningful participation of women; (2) describes the nature and extent of the coordination among the relevant Federal departments and agencies on the implementation of such strategy; (3) outlines the monitoring and evaluation tools, mechanisms, and common indicators to assess progress made on the policy objectives set forth in section 4; and (4) describes the existing, enhanced, or newly established training carried out pursuant to section 6. 
In this Act: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) RELEVANT FEDERAL DEPARTMENTS AND  
AGENCIES .—The term ‘‘relevant Federal departments and agencies’’ means— (A) the United States Agency for International Development; (B) the Department of State; (C) the Department of Defense; (D) the Department of Homeland Security; and (E) any other department or agency specified by the President for purposes of this Act. 
(3) S TAKEHOLDERS .—The term ‘‘stakeholders’’ means nongovernmental and private sector entities engaged in or affected by conflict prevention and stabilization, peace building, protection, security, transition initiatives, humanitarian response, or related efforts. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD on H.R. 2484. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Women, Peace, and Security Act, H.R. 2484. I want to recognize Representatives KRISTI NOEM and J ANSCHAKOWSKY . I want to recognize the two of them for their bipartisan effort in putting together this legislation, this important piece of legislation. I think it is going to have a great impact. I also want to thank Mr. ENGEL for his important leadership. Our consideration of this measure is really the culmination of many years of bipartisan work by Members of the House, including Representative JAN SCHAKOWSKY and Representative K RISTI  NOEM, and by our prior administration officials, as well, who have worked on this, and many advocates—many advocates—who want to see better, more sustainable solutions to ending wars, to combating terrorism, and to improving human rights around the world. What we are seeing today is that women’s participation is really essential to confronting these fundamental challenges. Last year, the Foreign Affairs Committee held a hearing where we heard powerful testimony about the importance of including women in peace negotiations and in the security negotiations and security institutions that have been set up around the globe. Women, of course, have the fundamental human right to have their voices heard in discussions affecting their lives and their families’ lives, and that is a case in and of itself that we must continue to make. But women’s participation is also critical to realizing better outcomes with respect to these negotiations. Simply put, when women are at the negotiating table and it affects their community, peace is more likely. Compelling research shows that peace agreements are much more likely to be reached, and certainly more likely to last, when women’s groups are genuinely involved. Women peacemakers often press warring parties to move beyond mere powersharing agreements—which, of course, benefit only a small percentage of fighters—to more comprehensive and longer term accords which benefit the civilian population as a whole. We have seen this play out from Colombia to Rwanda, to Sri Lanka, where women’s groups have pushed for practical solutions to deescalate and resolve the conflict, and certainly, in Northern Ireland, where, indisputably, the bravery and perseverance in the face of reprisal and pressure led women on both sides of that conflict to stay engaged until there was a lasting peace; at least, until today, there is a lasting peace in Northern Ireland, and that is because of their involvement. Efforts to keep the peace through policing and peacemaking missions also— this is an additional point—benefit from women’s participation because it leads to better crime reporting and higher levels of trust within the communities they serve. Women are essential to confronting one of the greatest national security threats of our time, and that is the spread of violent extremism because, if we think about it, women, of course, are truly on the front lines of this fight. They possess unique insights into the community, into their families, and are capable of gathering information often that men cannot or do not see. Yet their input is frequently overlooked, and I would just give one example, of many. Activist Wazhma Frogh in Afghanistan recalls when women from a small Afghan village tried desperately to warn a government official that young men in their community were being recruited by Islamist militants at the local weddings, the minister laughed them off. He said: The militants that we are fighting are much too sophisticated to go and recruit at the weddings here in the community. Well, of course, a month later, unfortunately, some of those same young men that had been recruited attacked a bus, killing 32 civilians. My committee has heard similar stories from women around the world who want to reclaim their communities from the spread of radical ideologies. We must acknowledge women as partners in this fight, and that is why the legislation before us today recognizes that it is in our national interest to promote women’s participation in resolving violence and conflict. This concept has been building support for some time. The Bush administration was right to press hard for women’s participation in peace negotiations and political processes in Iraq and Afghanistan and elsewhere, and the Obama administration expanded on these programs to require a governmentwide approach to women’s inclusion in conflict resolution overseas. Today, this bipartisan legislation before us builds on these efforts. It will continue to require a governmentwide strategy to promote women’s participation, along with specific goals and benchmarks and regular reporting to Congress in order to gauge progress. It also requires that appropriate State, USAID, and Defense Department personnel receive training in how to facilitate women’s participation in conflict resolution, security initiatives, and efforts to protect civilians from violence and to protect them from exploitation. I urge all Members to support this measure’s passage. I again thank KRISTI NOEM and J AN SCHAKOWSKY for their good work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 12, 2017. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning H.R. 2484, the ‘‘Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017.’’ There are certain provisions in the bill which fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Armed Services. In the interest of permitting your committee to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this important legislation, I am willing to waive this committee’s further consideration of H.R. 2484. I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Armed Services does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the legislation which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this matter and others between our respective committees. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 12, 2017. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 2484, the Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to consideration by the House. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Armed Services, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 2484 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee 
as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. I want to thank the bill’s authors, Representative SCHAKOWSKY and Representative NOEM, for their years’ worth of work on this measure. I also want to thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for helping move it forward. Wherever there are conflicts around the world, women and girls face particular vulnerabilities, but they also possess unique abilities to bring peace and prosperity to their communities. Research has shown that getting women involved in conflict resolution and peace building leads to better outcomes. That is why the Obama administration launched its executive order on Women, Peace, and Security in 2011 to make sure women had a seat at the table when it came to conflict prevention and resolution. Thanks to the Obama administration’s efforts, the United States has worked to include women in conflict prevention, negotiation, and resolution. We have promoted efforts to enhance the physical and economic security of women around the world, and we have sought to break through the barriers that have stopped women from being full participants in peace processes. b1800 The bill we are considering will make these policies permanent. It would build on what the Obama administration has accomplished by making sure agency personnel across our government are fully trained on the unique strengths women bring to conflict prevention and resolution. It would also require annual reporting so Congress can stay apprised of these efforts. Making this strategy permanent is absolutely imperative. It is important that we fully recognize and appreciate how women’s participation can help make our foreign policy stronger. I am pleased to support this measure, and I urge all my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM), a member of the Committee on Ways and Means and the author of this important bill. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, you can’t hardly turn on the TV today or open a newspaper, scroll through your news feed without learning of another outbreak of violence around the globe. Especially in a world as volatile and insecure as ours is today, we have a responsibility to take full advantage of proven peacebuilding tactics. This includes involving women in conflict prevention and resolution. Research covering conflicts from Northern Ireland to Africa has shown that peace agreements are 35 percent more likely to last at least 15 years when women are involved. Even knowing this, women are many times left out during negotiations. The truth is that conflict knows no gender, just as peace should know no gender. With that said, women are many times impacted by conflict in different ways than their male counterparts. ISIL, for instance, has used human trafficking and sex slavery, which disproportionately impacts women, as an incomegenerating business for their terrorist activities. Women need to be able to play a major role in addressing this and finding solutions to combat it. Moreover, in many wartorn countries, women control large segments of the economy. In fact, women are the sole income earners in nearly onethird of all households worldwide. While their husbands and sons are serving as soldiers, women are running the markets, the schools, other public and private institutions. By virtue of that, they are running the local economy and have an unmistakable voice in community discussions. Their understanding can prove invaluable when mitigating conflict and building peace. Particularly in areas where increased stability creates greater security for the United States, we must make sure that the work that we are doing produces lasting results. I am confident the Women, Peace, and Security Act and the accountability it provides will help produce sustainable outcomes for Americans, and that also touches on our national security. While our U.S. Government, in recent years, has made efforts to include women in peace negotiations, the bipartisan Women, Peace, and Security Act better ensures that women have a seat at the table during these discussions through meaningful congressional oversight. It is but one instrument in a toolbox our military and diplomatic leaders can use when looking at producing longterm results, and leaders can use it when looking to produce peace, but it is still a tool that we should not ignore. I am grateful to my colleagues: Representative JANSCHAKOWSKY for all of her passionate work on this issue; Chairman EDROYCE and Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL for their efforts on this legislation as well. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), the coauthor of this bill, a true advocate for women, and my colleague. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congressman JOAQUIN CASTRO , for yielding to me. I am so proud to rise in support of H.R. 2484, the Women, Peace, and Security Act, which I introduced along with my partner, KRISTI NOEM. We have been working on this bill for quite a while. I want to really thank Chairman ED ROYCE for not only his eloquent words today and his clear description about why this is so important, but for working closely with us to make this day a reality. I am hopeful that we will be able to go through the Senate and get this bill finally enacted. The Women, Peace, and Security Act promotes the participation of women in the peace process and is a step forward for our security and our economic prosperity as well. When women are involved in peace negotiations, a peace agreement is more likely to last. In fact, the International Peace Institute found that a peace agreement is 35 percent more likely to last for at least 15 years if women participate in drafting the agreement. The study also found that with each 5 percent increase in women’s participation in the political process, a nation is five times less likely to use violence when faced with international crisis or conflict. When women and girls are equal partners in all aspects of decisionmaking, countries are more likely to be peaceful and economically prosperous. Despite the strong evidence in favor of women’s political participation, women remain underrepresented in conflict prevention, conflict resolution, and the postconflict peacebuilding efforts that are happening around the world, and the United States can help to change that. The Women, Peace, and Security Act will build upon the 2011 National Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security, which made clear that the meaningful inclusion of women in peace and security processes is imperative for national and global security. And you heard how in Northern Ireland and all the way to Rwanda, the participation of women has been absolutely essential. Our legislation establishes women’s participation as a permanent element of U.S. foreign policy. It would encourage the United States to assist women mediators and negotiators by addressing barriers to their equal and secure participation in the peace process. It would institute comprehensive training modules on the protection, rights, and specific needs of women in conflict and require the administration to evaluate the impact of U.S. foreign assistance on women’s meaningful participation. In addition, Women, Peace, and Security Act would require the President to report to Congress its strategy to promote women’s participation in conflict prevention and resolution, and it would empower Congress to exercise oversight of that strategy’s implementation. The United States plays a crucial role in encouraging peace agreements all over the world. By making sure 
that we bring women into the peace process, we can improve national and global security. So, once again, I just want to thank Congresswoman NOEM, my partner on this bipartisan legislation, as well as Chairman EDROYCE and Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL , for their support. I want to thank the many advocacy groups who have been persistent throughout these years in bringing it to us, the evidence of the success of women when women participate in the peace process. So I thank the gentleman again for yielding. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, seeing no other speakers on my side, I am prepared to close as long as there are no other speakers on the majority side. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, once again, Chairman EDROYCE , Ranking Member ENGEL , and Representatives SCHAKOWSKY and N OEM for their hard work. I again urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, from Liberia to Northern Ireland, to, frankly, all over the planet, we have watched women play pivotal roles in pushing their governments, in pushing combatants and politicians to bring an end to conflict. In recent years, we have seen armed conflicts flare around the world, producing the largest number of refugees on record. Efforts to negotiate an end to these conflicts are more important than ever. We know that when women are included in these discussions, we are more likely to see an enduring peace. As a witness at our hearing on women’s participation explained: ‘‘Including women is not only the right thing to do, it is the smart thing to do.’’ The legislation before us today will strengthen U.S. efforts to promote the inclusion of women in peace negotiations in order to create more sustainable agreements and more stable partners for the United States and for the U.S. allies. So, again, I want to thank Representatives NOEM and S CHAKOWSKY for their bipartisan work. I also want to particularly thank the staff on both sides of the aisle who have worked so hard over the past couple of years, including Jessica Kelch, Cassandra Varanka, Brittany Comins, Elizabeth Cunningham, and Janice Kaguyutan. We appreciate all of your good work. Mr. Speaker, with that, I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2484, the Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017 which expresses that the United States should be a global leader in promoting the meaningful participation of women in efforts directed at conflict prevention, management, and resolution. This bill directs the President to develop and submit to Congress a Women, Peace, and Security Strategy that will: 1. Be aligned with other nations’ plans to improve and encourage women to participate in peace and security over processes, conflict prevention, peace building, and decision making; and 2. Lay out goals and evaluation plans to measure strategy effectiveness. Additionally, H.R. 2484 directs that employees and contractors of the Department of State, Department of Defense, and the U.S. Agency for International Development that personnel deployed to countries or regions at risk or emerging from violent conflict be provided training in conflict prevention, mitigation, and resolution. This training will allow those deployed to these regions to collaborate and support women who live in these conflict ridden communities to develop peace and security strategies. As a member of the Congressional Caucus for Women’s Issues, I understand the importance of women’s security and its role in conflict prevention and resolution. This is why in the 114th Congress I introduced H. Res. 528 that seeks to create a Victims of Terror Protection Fund for the displaced refugees, migrants and victims of Boko Haram’s terror in the region, many of which are women and children. One reason women play such a critical role in the peacebuilding process is because they constitute half of every community. Educating women and men to work in tandem is an imperative step toward instilling peace in communities and mending broken bonds. An important aspect of H.R. 2484 is the inclusion of training personnel who work firsthand in these conflicted regions regarding international human rights laws and the protection of trafficked people. Nearly 21 million people have fallen victim to human trafficking globally, and more than half of them are women and girls. These numbers are staggering, and victims who have been liberated from this awful slavery require special consideration and support to overcome the horrors they have experienced with the aid of women peacekeepers. Women serve as incredible advocates for peace as central caretakers of the family and have already played prominent roles in peace processes in the Horn of Africa. Overall, H.R. 2484 makes an important contribution by requiring the agencies that focus abroad to collaborate on incorporating women in the peacebuilding processes. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2484, the Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I would like to say a few words in support of Representative KRISTI NOEM’s Women, Peace and Security Act (H.R. 2484). Among other things, it highlights the role women must play in peacemaking. In the limited time we have, I would just like to highlight the role of one woman who served as a peacemaker, whom I have had the opportunity to get to know—Nuala O’Loan, who served as the Police Ombudsman in Northern Ireland from 2000 to 2007, and someone who has contributed to our understanding in the Congress as she twice testified at hearings held on the Northern Ireland peace process. Baroness O’Loan—she was made a Dame of the British Empire and a member of the House of Lords in recognition for her role in the cause of peace—had the difficult task of looking into how the police handled the Omagh bombing. That bombing, by a splinter group of the Irish Republican Army, was intended to reignite sectarian tension and stop the movement towards peace that was memorialized in the Good Friday Agreement. The bomb was indiscriminate, however, killing both Protestant and Catholic alike, and helped underscore the need for peace. In the ensuing years, Baroness O’Loan became known as an evenhanded intermediary. Indeed, she was so evenhanded that she was criticized by extremists on both sides, and her retirement party was boycotted by hardliners from the Unionist and Republican camps. On the other hand, the average citizen, whether Protestant or Catholic, supported her in her role as Police Ombudsman in roughly equal numbers, something that was borne out by independent polling. Nuala O’Loan is but one example of a woman serving as peacemaker. There are many more Nualas around the world, and I applaud Congresswoman NOEM for encouraging us to recognize the role these women play in helping bring a little light to the darkness. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2484. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SECURING OUR AGRICULTURE AND FOOD ACT Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1238) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security related to food, agriculture, and veterinary defense against terrorism, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendments thereto, and concur in the Senate amendments. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amendments. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendments: 
Ω1æOn page 4, lines 1 and 2, strike ørelating to food and agriculture¿ and insert ‘‘or the Secretary of Health and Human Services’’ . Ω2æOn page 4, strike line 3 and all that follows through the end of the matter following line 6 and insert the following: (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— (1) by striking the items relating to sections 523, 524, 525, 526, and 527; and 
(2) by inserting after the item relating to section 522 the following: ‘‘Sec. 523. Guidance and recommendations. ‘‘Sec. 524. Voluntary private sector preparedness accreditation and certification program. ‘‘Sec. 525. Acceptance of gifts. ‘‘Sec. 526. Integrated public alert and warning system modernization. ‘‘Sec. 527. National planning and education. ‘‘Sec. 528. Coordination of Department of Homeland Security efforts related to food, agriculture, and veterinary defense against terrorism.’’. 
Mr. KATKO (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
TRAVELER REDRESS IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2132) to require the implementation of a redress process and review of the Transportation Security Administration’s intelligencebased screening rules for aviation security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2132 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Traveler Redress Improvement Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. IMPLEMENTATION OF REDRESS PROCESS AND REVIEW OF THE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION’S INTELLIGENCEBASED SCREENING RULES FOR AVIATION SECURITY. 
(a) R EDRESS PROCESS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall, using existing resources, systems, and processes, ensure the availability of the Department of Homeland Security Traveler Redress Inquiry Program (DHS TRIP) redress process to adjudicate inquiries for individuals who— (A) are citizens of the United States or aliens lawfully admitted for permanent residence; (B) have filed an inquiry with DHS TRIP after receiving enhanced screening at an airport passenger security checkpoint more than three times in any 60day period; and (C) believe they have been wrongly identified as being a threat to aviation security. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the implementation of the redress process required under paragraph (1). (b) PRIVACY IMPACT REVIEW AND UPDATE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall review and update the Privacy Impact Assessment for the Secure Flight programs to ensure such Assessment accurately reflects the operation of such programs. (2) PUBLIC DISSEMINATION .—The Secure Flight Privacy Impact Assessment review required under paragraph (1) shall be published on a publically accessible Internet webpage of the Transportation Security Administration and submitted to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (c) TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRA TION RULE REVIEW AND NOTIFICATION PROCESS.— (1) RULE REVIEW .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and every 120 days thereafter, the Assistant Administrator of the Office of Intelligence Analysis of the Transportation Security Administration, in coordination with the entities specified in paragraph (2), shall conduct a comprehensive review of the Transportation Security Administration’s intelligencebased screening rules. (2) NOTIFICATION PROCESS .—Not later than 48 hours after changing, updating, implementing, or suspending a Transportation Security Administration intelligencebased screening rule, the Assistant Administrator of the Office of Intelligence Analysis of the Transportation Security Administration shall notify the following entities of any such change, update, implementation, or suspension, as the case may be: (A) The Office of Civil Rights and Liberties of the Transportation Security Administration. (B) The Office of the Ombudsman of the Administration. (C) The Office of Traveler Engagement of the Administration. (D) The Office of Civil Rights and Liberties of the Department of Homeland Security. (E) The Office of Chief Counsel of the Administration. (F) The Office of General Counsel of the Department. (G) The Privacy Office of the Administration. (H) The Privacy Office of the Department. (I) The Federal Air Marshal Service. (J) The Traveler Redress Inquiry Program of the Department. (d) FEDERAL AIRMARSHAL SERVICE COORDI NATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall ensure that the Transportation Security Administration’s intelligencebased screening rules are incorporated in the risk analysis conducted during the Federal Air Marshal mission scheduling process. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on how the Transportation Security Administration’s intelligencebased screening rules are incorporated in the risk analysis conducted during the Federal Air Marshal mission scheduling process. (e) GAO REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a study on the Transportation Security Administration’s intelligencebased screening rules and the effectiveness of such rules in identifying and mitigating potential threats to aviation security. Such study shall also examine coordination between the Transportation Security Administration, the Department of Homeland Security, and other relevant partners relating to changing, updating, implementing, or suspending such rules as necessary. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this legislation seeks to expand the Department of Homeland Security’s Traveler Redress Inquiry Program, commonly referred to as TRIP, to assist travelers who feel that they have been repeatedly selected for enhanced screening in an unfair manner. Currently, the TRIP process only provides redress to individuals who have been placed on the nofly list. However, for reasons unknown to the individual, they can be perpetually selected for enhanced screening without any opportunity to correct the record, if he or she fails, that this is due to an error. This issue first came to our attention when an individual who works for a Washington, D.C.based nonprofit organization alerted the committee that he had been subject to enhanced pat downs by TSA agents every time he traveled through an airport for over 3 years. Although he twice submitted inquiries to the Department of Homeland Security through the TRIP process, he remained unable to obtain information as to why he was currently getting flagged as a potential security threat at the airport. As you can imagine, this can cause a great deal of stress and worry for someone who feels that they have been targeted by the U.S. Government for unknown reasons. After continued prodding of TSA by my subcommittee staff, this individual, a U.S. citizen, was cleared by Homeland Security and is now able to travel hassle free. Unfortunately, this example is not an isolated case. Several weeks ago, a member of the committee staff also was repeatedly selected for enhanced 
screening on multiple flights after traveling to the Middle East as part of an official congressional staff delegation. When my staff looked into this case, the staffer had been mistakenly flagged for enhanced screening due to erroneous information that was entered into the Terrorist Screening Database, or TSDB. As these anecdotes demonstrate, Homeland Security needs to establish a formal mechanism to handle these cases. My legislation requires the Department to do just that. I would like to thank Chairman MCCAUL, Congressmen King and Vela, and Congresswoman WATSON COLEMAN  for their support of this bipartisan legislation. I thank the Speaker for allowing today’s consideration of the bill, and I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1815 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2132, the Traveler Redress Improvement Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, the American flying public has seen many changes in how aviation security is handled since the devastating morning of September 11, 2001. Among the most prominent changes has been the screening of passenger names against the socalled no fly list that contains the information on tens of thousands of people who are deemed by our intelligence and law enforcement community as threats to aviation. H.R. 2132 seeks to ensure a traveler, who has repeatedly received enhanced security screening at Transportation Security Administration checkpoints and believes they have wrongly been identified as posing a threat to aviation security, can receive timely redress from the Department of Homeland Security’s Traveler Redress Inquiry Program, or DHS TRIP program. Specifically, this bill directs TSA to ensure that an individual who has received enhanced screening from TSA more than three times in a 60day period can access the Department’s redress process. This bipartisan bill, which was unanimously approved by the Homeland Security Committee on May 3, is informed by the committee’s oversight finding. As such, I support the bill and urge my colleagues to join me in passing this measure to increase transparency and accountability on behalf of travelers. Mr. Speaker, in closing, H.R. 2132, the Traveler Redress Improvement Act of 2017, would improve DHS redress processes for passengers who have repeatedly been selected for enhanced security screening and feel they have been wrongly identified as posing a threat to aviation security. While TSA has a duty to protect classified and sensitive information from those who wish to do us harm, we must ensure TSA’s operations are transparent as they can be for the vast majority of passengers who are simply trying to travel from point A to point B with as little stress as possible. Before I yield back, I thank Subcommittee Chairman KATKO and Ranking Member WATSON COLEMAN for their long and enduring work on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Before I close, I want to note briefly that this is yet another bill that has come out of Homeland Security that has been done so in a purely bipartisan manner. I think that serves as an example of how Congress can abide, going forward, in getting things done, big issues and small. There are no small issues when it comes to terrorism, but we seem to be united in our quest to make this country as safe as we can. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues once again to support H.R. 2132, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee, I rise in support of H.R. 2132, ‘‘Traveler Redress Improvement Act of 2017,’’ which requires the implementation of a redress process and review of the Transportation Security Administration’s intelligencebased screening rules for aviation security. The DHS Traveler Redress Inquiry Program (DHS TRIP) provides a redress process for individuals who have been denied or delayed airline boarding, entry into or exit from the United States at a port of entry or border crossing, or have been repeatedly referred for additional (secondary) screening. I thank the Committee for accepting the Jackson Lee Amendment to H.R. 2132, which extends the time for GAO to submit its report from 180 days to one year. The Jackson Lee Amendment gives GAO additional time to do its work after TSA concludes its work on the Privacy Impact Assessment for the Secure Flight program. In 2015, there were 178 days when TSA screened more than 2 million passengers in a single day. George Bush International and William P. Hobby Airports are essential hubs for domestic and international air travel for Houston and the region. Nearly 40 million passengers traveled through Bush International Airport (IAH) and an additional 10 million traveled through William P. Hobby (HOU). Persons who routinely undergo secondary screening or incur delays in boarding flights only have the DHS TRIP as their sole means of redress. DHS TRIP is a single point of contact for individuals who have inquiries or seek resolution regarding travel difficulties that may be caused by watch list issues, screening problems at ports of entry, and situations where travelers believe they have been unfairly or incorrectly delayed, denied boarding or identified for additional screening at our nation’s transportation hubs. H.R. 2132 requires TSA, to report within 18o days on the implementation of the redress process to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. TSA is also required to review and update the Privacy Impact Assessment Act for the Secure Flight programs in order to make sure this assessment reflects the operation of the DHS TRIP. As an added measure to ensure DHS TRIP has the most up to date information, the TSA Assistant Administrator of the Office of Intelligence Analysis must conduct a comprehensive review of TSA’s intelligencebased screening rules every 120 days. Once this review is completed, the Office of Intelligence Analysis of TSA has 48 hours to notify relevant DHS offices if there is any change, update, implementation, or suspension of any rule or method. Reviewing the screening rules allows TSA to keep the methods that are used for security as up to date as possible and to ensure that air travelers are treated fairly. I am a strong proponent of privacy, civil liberties, and due process. The Federal Privacy Act assures that when agencies use electronic databases to collect, retain, process, or make decisions regarding U.S. citizens that their privacy is protected. I ask my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to vote in support of H.R. 2132. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2132, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REPORTING EFFICIENTLY TO PROPER OFFICIALS IN RESPONSE TO TERRORISM ACT OF 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 625) to provide for joint reports by relevant Federal agencies to Congress regarding incidents of terrorism, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 625 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Reporting Efficiently to Proper Officials in Response to Terrorism Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘REPORT Act’’. 
(a) D UTYIMPOSED .—Whenever an act of terrorism occurs in the United States, it shall be the duty of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and, as appropriate, the head of the National Counterterrorism Center, to submit, within one year of the completion of the investigation concerning such act by the primary 
Government agency conducting such investigation, an unclassified report (which may be accompanied by a classified annex) to Congress concerning such act. (b) CONTENT OF REPORTS .—A report under this section shall— (1) include a statement of the facts of the act of terrorism referred to in subsection (a), as known at the time of the report; (2) identify any gaps in national security that could be addressed to prevent future acts of terrorism; and (3) any recommendations for additional measures that could be taken to improve homeland security, including potential changes in law enforcement practices or changes in law, with particular attention to changes that could help prevent future acts of terrorism. (c) EXCEPTION .—The duty established under subsection (a) shall not apply in instances in which the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, or the head of the National Counterterrorism Center determines that the information required to be reported could jeopardize an ongoing investigation or prosecution. In such instances, the Secretary shall notify Congress of such prior to the first anniversary of the completion of the investigation described in such subsection. (d) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘act of terrorism’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3077 of title 18, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Congress has an obligation to ensure that our national counterterrorism programs and policies are as effective as possible. At every opportunity, we should assess gaps and weaknesses and work to find opportunities for improvement. For example, the committee’s investigation into the 2013 tragic Boston Marathon bombings revealed a series of weaknesses we have worked to correct; and many of the recent attacks, including the San Bernardino and Garland shootings, the Orlando Pulse nightclub attack, and other smallscale plots have each prompted review, reflection, and action. The REPORT Act will provide valuable assistance in this work by requiring the Department of Homeland Security, in coordination with other Federal officials, to submit a report to Congress on incidents of terrorism within 1 year of completion of the investigation. Importantly, this report will provide Congress with the facts of the incident, a review of security gaps, and recommendations to improve homeland security efforts. As the committee has learned over the years, it can often be a challenge to obtain timely and comprehensive sharing of information by the executive branch in the aftermath of a terrorist attack. While perhaps understandable, the REPORT Act, offered by Congressman AGUILAR , will help ensure that Congress receives the information it needs. This is a valuable addition, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman AGUILAR for introducing this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 625, the Reporting Efficiently to Proper Officials in Response to Terrorism Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, the REPORT Act creates an important new congressional oversight process with respect to incidents of terrorism on U.S. soil. H.R. 625 requires the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, the FBI, and, as appropriate, the National Counterterrorism Center, to submit an unclassified report, which may be accompanied by a classified annex, to Congress within a year of the completion of an investigation of an act of terrorism. The report to Congress must outline the facts and information related to the terrorist act but may also discuss national security gaps that come to light in the investigation that may be addressed by changes in law enforcement practices or changes in the law. The gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ), introduced the REPORT Act to ensure that this body has the benefit of learning, long after the press attention has moved to other matters, the facts surrounding terrorist incidents. The legislation is informed by the gentleman’s experience as the representative for San Bernardino, California, which, of course, was the target of a vicious December 2015 attack that resulted in the death of 14 innocent victims. I would note that, in order to protect any ongoing investigation or prosecution, the congressional notification can be waived if doing so presents a danger of interference to any ongoing terrorist investigation. As a cosponsor of H.R. 625, I strongly believe that this legislation will enhance our ability as Members of Congress to help heal our communities after an attack and help prevent future terrorist attacks to keep Americans safe. I urge my House colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ). Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Reporting Efficiently to Proper Officials in Response to Terrorism Act, or the REPORT Act. I introduced the REPORT Act a year after the San Bernardino terrorist attack. Our community has seen more than its fair share of gun violence, but this terrorist mass shooting claimed 14 lives, injured another 22 people, and shook my community. In the days and weeks after, we pledged to do all we could to prevent another attack like this from happening ever again. This is what this bill seeks to do. The REPORT Act requires the Department of Homeland Security to submit a report to Congress when a terror attack occurs in the United States. Under the bill, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the United States Attorney General, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the head of the National Counterterrorism Center will produce a report detailing the attack and how to prevent future attacks. The idea is to have a uniform after action report following a terrorist attack here in the United States. There is currently no legal requirement to create such a report. Specifically, this report will include policy recommendations for lawmakers to make our communities safer and to prevent the next San Bernardino, Boston, New York, or Orlando. Mr. Speaker, this is a bipartisan bill. It also has the support of regional leaders in communities impacted by acts of terror. It has been endorsed by my region’s law enforcement community: San Bernardino Police Chief Jarrod Burguan and Sheriff John McMahon. Chief Burguan and Sheriff McMahon are my community’s law enforcement leaders who led the heroic response on December 2, 2015, and stopped the violent rampage, preventing further loss of life. The REPORT Act is a commonsense bill that will empower lawmakers with the facts they need to create meaningful laws to thwart future attacks of terror. This bill is for the 14 killed and 22 injured in San Bernardino. It is for my community. It is also for every American city touched by these heinous acts of terrorism. We can and must work together to protect our homeland, and I believe this is a smart, bipartisan step to achieve that. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, H.R. 625 is an important piece of legislation that has strong support on both sides of the aisle. Effective communication and unity of effort is critical immediately following a terrorist attack. It is our duty as Members of Congress to give law enforcement space to do their investigation but then, when the facts are known, to get them and then use that knowledge to inform policymaking. H.R. 625 seeks to do just that. As such, 
I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 625. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 625, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee, I rise in support of H.R. 625, the Reporting Efficiently to Proper Officials in Response to Terrorism Act of 2017, or the ‘‘REPORT Act.’’ The REPORT Act bridges an information and preparedness gap that has for too long clouded the information Congress receives about acts of terrorism that happen in our homeland. The REPORT Act requires the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Attorney General, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and, if appropriate, the head of the National Counterterrorism Center, to submit an unclassified report to Congress, within one year of the completion of an investigation of act of terrorism in the United States. This report will include a statement of the facts regarding the act of terrorism; identify any possible national security gaps that could prevent future acts of terrorism, and any recommendations for additional homeland security improvement measures. The report will help Congress to enact legislation to effectively address security gaps in our national security efforts. The REPORT Act fosters accountability, collaboration, and preparedness. Acts of terror and violence have been at the forefront of the American collective memory for more than a decade now. Americans have become accustomed to hearing about attacks all across our homeland and around the world. The Bookings Institute labeled 2016 as the year of the ‘‘Lone Wolf’’ terrorist. Radicalized individuals acting on their own pose a strategic and institutional threat to our national security. This phenomenon requires us to think creatively and collectively to be prepared to address the idiosyncratic aspects of this new wave of terror. The REPORT Act relies on our current security structure to prepare us for the future. Attacks such as the attack on LGBT people of color in Pulse, the attacks in the City of San Bernardino, and recent attacks in London highlight the importance of collaboration and sharing of knowledge to prevent more attacks from happening. This common sense bill relies on our current expertise to prepare for the future. Mr. Speaker, we share the responsibility with the President to keep Americans safe and this bill is a step towards improving the way we go about protecting the American people. I support the REPORT Act and urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 625, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1873, ELECTRICITY RELIABILITY AND FOREST PROTECTION ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1654, WATER SUPPLY PERMITTING COORDINATION ACT Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–186) on the resolution (H. Res. 392) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1873) to amend the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 to enhance the reliability of the electricity grid and reduce the threat of wildfires to and from electric transmission and distribution facilities on Federal lands by facilitating vegetation management on such lands, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1654) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to coordinate Federal and State permitting processes related to the construction of new surface water storage projects on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture and to designate the Bureau of Reclamation as the lead agency for permit processing, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
b1830 ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 310. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 310. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2283) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to improve morale within the Department of Homeland Security workforce by conferring new responsibilities to the Chief Human Capital Officer, establishing an employee engagement steering committee, requiring action plans, and authorizing an annual employee award program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2283 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Morale, Recognition, Learning and Engagement Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘DHS MORALE Act’’. 
Section 704 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 344) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, including with respect to leader development and employee engagement,’’ after ‘‘policies’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘and in line’’ and inserting ‘‘, in line’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘and informed by best practices within the Federal government and the private sector,’’ after ‘‘priorities,’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘develop performance measures to provide a basis for monitoring and evaluating’’ and inserting ‘‘evaluate, on an ongoing basis,’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘that, to the extent practicable, are informed by employee feedback,’’ after ‘‘policies’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘including leader development and employee engagement programs,’’ before ‘‘in coordination’’; (E) in paragraph (5), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘that is informed by an assessment, carried out by the Chief Human Capital Officer, of the learning and developmental needs of employees in supervisory and nonsupervisory roles across the Department and appropriate workforce planning initiatives’’; (F) by redesignating paragraphs (9) and (10) as paragraphs (11) and (12), respectively; and (G) by inserting after paragraph (8) the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(9) maintain a catalogue of available employee development opportunities, including the Homeland Security Rotation Program pursuant to section 844, departmental leadership development programs, interagency development programs, and other rotational programs; ‘‘(10) ensure that employee discipline and adverse action programs comply with the requirements of all pertinent laws, rules, regulations, and Federal guidance, and ensure due process for employees;’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) CHIEF LEARNING AND ENGAGEMENT OFFICER .—The Chief Human Capital Officer may designate an employee of the Department to serve as a Chief Learning and Engagement Officer to assist the Chief Human Capital Officer in carrying out this section.’’; and (4) in subsection (e), as so redesignated— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) as paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) information on employee development opportunities catalogued pursuant to paragraph (9) of subsection (b) and any available data on participation rates, attrition rates, and impacts on retention and employee satisfaction; ‘‘(3) information on the progress of Departmentwide strategic workforce planning efforts as determined under paragraph (2) of subsection (b); ‘‘(4) information on the activities of the steering committee established pursuant to section 710(a), including the number of meeting, types of materials developed and distributed, and recommendations made to the Secretary;’’. SEC. 3. EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT STEERING COMMITTEE AND ACTION PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘(a) S TEERING COMMITTEE .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall establish an employee engagement steering committee, including representatives from operational components, headquarters, and field personnel, including supervisory and nonsupervisory personnel, and employee labor organizations that represent Department employees, and chaired by the Under Secretary for Management, to carry out the following activities: ‘‘(1) Identify factors that have a negative impact on employee engagement, morale, and communications within the Department, such as perceptions about limitations on career progression, mobility, or development opportunities, collected through employee feedback platforms, including through annual employee surveys, questionnaires, and other communications, as appropriate. ‘‘(2) Identify, develop, and distribute initiatives and best practices to improve employee engagement, morale, and communications within the Department, including through annual employee surveys, questionnaires, and other communications, as appropriate. ‘‘(3) Monitor efforts of each component to address employee engagement, morale, and communications based on employee feedback provided through annual employee surveys, questionnaires, and other communications, as appropriate. ‘‘(4) Advise the Secretary on efforts to improve employee engagement, morale, and communications within specific components and across the Department. ‘‘(5) Conduct regular meetings and report, not less than once per quarter, to the Under Secretary for Management, the head of each component, and the Secretary on Departmentwide efforts to improve employee engagement, morale, and communications. ‘‘(b) ACTION PLAN; REPORTING .—The Sec retary, acting through the Chief Human Capital Officer, shall— ‘‘(1) not later than 120 days after the date of the establishment of the steering committee under subsection (a), issue a Departmentwide employee engagement action plan, reflecting input from the employee engagement steering committee established pursuant to subsection (a) and employee feedback provided through annual employee surveys, questionnaires, and other communications in accordance with paragraph (1) of such subsection, to execute strategies to improve employee engagement, morale, and communications within the Department; and ‘‘(2) require the head of each component to— ‘‘(A) develop and implement a component specific employee engagement plan to advance the action plan required under paragraph (1) that includes performance measures and objectives, is informed by employee feedback provided through annual employee surveys, questionnaires, and other communications, as appropriate, and sets forth how employees and, where applicable, their labor representatives are to be integrated in developing programs and initiatives; ‘‘(B) monitor progress on implementation of such action plan; and ‘‘(C) provide to the Chief Human Capital Officer and the steering committee quarterly reports on actions planned and progress made under this paragraph. ‘‘(c) TERMINATION .—This section shall terminate on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this section.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 709 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 710. Employee engagement.’’. (c) SUBMISSIONS TO CONGRESS .— (1) DEPARTMENT WIDE EMPLOYEE ENGAGE MENT ACTION PLAN .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate the Departmentwide employee engagement action plan required under subsection (b)(1) of section 710 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a) of this section) not later than 30 days after the issuance of such plan under such subsection (b)(1). (2) COMPONENT SPECIFIC EMPLOYEE ENGAGE MENT PLANS .—Each head of a component of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate the componentspecific employee engagement plan of each such component required under subsection (b)(2) of section 710 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a) of this section) not later than 30 days after the issuance of each such plan under such subsection (b)(2). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by section 3 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may establish an annual employee award program to recognize Department employees or groups of employees for significant contributions to the achievement of the Department’s goals and missions. If such a program is established, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) establish within such program categories of awards, each with specific criteria, that emphasizes honoring employees who are at the nonsupervisory level; ‘‘(2) publicize within the Department how any employee or group of employees may be nominated for an award; ‘‘(3) establish an internal review board comprised of representatives from Department components, headquarters, and field 
personnel to submit to the Secretary award recommendations regarding specific employees or groups of employees; ‘‘(4) select recipients from the pool of nominees submitted by the internal review board under paragraph (3) and convene a ceremony at which employees or groups of employees receive such awards from the Secretary; and ‘‘(5) publicize such program within the Department. ‘‘(b) INTERNAL REVIEW BOARD .—The internal review board described in subsection (a)(3) shall, when carrying out its function under such subsection, consult with representatives from operational components and headquarters, including supervisory and nonsupervisory personnel, and employee labor organizations that represent Department employees. ‘‘(c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize additional funds to carry out the requirements of this section or to require the Secretary to provide monetary bonuses to recipients of an award under this section.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by section 3 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 710 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 711. Annual employee award program.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act or the issuance of a report by the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security on the extent to which the Department has an equitable and consistent disciplinary process, whichever is later, but in no case later than one year after such date of enactment, the Comptroller General of the United States shall utilize, if available, such report and investigate whether the application of discipline and adverse actions are administered in an equitable and consistent manner that results in the same or substantially similar disciplinary outcomes across the Department for misconduct by a nonsupervisory or supervisor employee who engaged in the same or substantially similar misconduct. (b) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out the investigation described in subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall consult with the employee engagement steering committee established pursuant to subsection (b)(1) of section 710 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by section 3(a) of this Act). (c) ACTION BY UNDER SECRETARY FOR MANAGEMENT .—Upon completion of the investigation described in subsection (a), the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security shall review the findings and recommendations of such investigation and implement a plan, in consultation with the employee engagement steering committee established pursuant to subsection (b)(1) of section 710 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, to correct any relevant deficiencies identified by the Comptroller General of the United States. The Under Secretary for Management shall direct the employee engagement steering committee to review such plan to inform committee activities and action plans authorized under such section 710. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2283. According to the Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey, after 6 straight years of decline, DHS improved by 3 percentage points in 2016, from 53 percent in 2015 to 56 percent. However, since its inception, DHS has consistently reported low employee job satisfaction and today remains last out of large agencies in employee satisfaction. According to the FEVS, the Department slightly improved its overall response rate to about 50 percent in 2016. Former Secretary Jeh Johnson attributed much of the success to the Department’s employee engagement steering committee and efforts he and other leaders have made in strengthening employee morale and engagement. H.R. 2283 seeks to codify many of these efforts. The purpose of H.R. 2283 is to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to improve morale within the Department of Homeland Security workforce by conferring new responsibilities to the Chief Human Capital Officer, establishing an employee engagement steering committee, requiring action plans, and authorizing an annual employee award program. The security of our homeland depends on focused, efficient, and dedicated individuals who feel confident and empowered in the workplace. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. THOMPSON  for introducing this legislation and for working in such a bipartisan manner on it. I urge all my colleagues to support this commonsense, thoughtful legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2283, the Department of Homeland Security Morale, Recognition, Learning and Engagement Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, since its inception in 2003, the Department of Homeland Security has faced a number of challenges, one of the most prominent being managing a workforce of more than 240,000 employees. I am pleased to see that, after 6 straight years of decline, DHS employee engagement and participation scores have improved by 3 percentage points each in the latest Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey. However, DHS still ranks amongst the lowest of Federal agencies in employee morale. It has been a personal priority of mine to examine the root cause of DHS’s longstanding employee morale problems and find ways to move the Department in a positive direction. My legislation, the DHS MORALE Act, does just that by authorizing DHSwide employee engagement, leadership development, rotational opportunities, as well as an employee engagement steering committee. Additionally, H.R. 2283 authorizes an annual employee award program to recognize employees who make significant contributions to the Department’s operations. Finally, H.R. 2283 adds transparency and fairness to DHS’s disciplinary process by directing an independent, Departmentwide review of how discipline is applied by components. This legislation, which is cosponsored by every Democratic member of the committee, has received tremendous support from the labor organization representing the DHS workforce. I include these letters of support in the RECORD . 
AMERICAN FEDERATION OF GOVERNMENT  EMPLOYEES , AFL–CIO, May 1, 2017. Hon. MICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, House of Representatives, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. Hon. BENNIE THOMPSON , Ranking Member, House of Representatives, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL AND RANKING  MEMBER THOMPSON : On behalf of the 80,000 employees at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) represented by the American Federation of Government Employees, AFL CIO, I express our union’s support for the DHS Morale, Recognition, Learning and Engagement Act of 2017, or the DHS MORALE Act. The DHS MORALE Act accurately recognizes that the contributions of the DHS workers and their unions are essential to addressing serious and sustained morale issues. Each year reports and surveys confirm the sad state of morale among DHS employees who are on the front lines of national security. Given the diversity in mission, duties, and experience, their direct input is necessary to address issues of importance to their colleagues, including fair treatment and that their voices are heard by management. Steps to resolve these issues will enable the workforce to better serve the public. The DHS MORALE Act is a good first step in resolving institutional issues that hamper the workforce that protects the homeland. AFGE supports these efforts. Sincerely, J. DAVID COX, SR., National President. 
NATIONAL BORDER PATROL COUNCIL , April 17, 2017. Hon. BENNIE THOMPSON , Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEARRANKING MEMBER THOMPSON : On be half of the members of the National Border Patrol Council, I write to support your legislation, ‘‘The Department of Homeland Security Morale, Recognition, Learning, and Engagement Act of 2017.’’ Your bill is a step 
forward to improve employee morale amongst Border Patrol Agents. We are especially pleased that the bill addresses two issues requiring immediate attention, accountability and mobility. An independent audit of DHS disciplinary processes would end DHS’s current penchant for punishing line agents more severely than managers for the same offense. A uniform and transparent system would hold those accountable for violations of law and policy, while also ensuring due process for employees and accountability from the top down. The proposed Employee Engagement Steering Committee would give line agents another tool to express limitations on issues such as career progression and mobility to CBP management. Too often, newly hired agents are promised they will be able to move from a duty location to another after a few years. Unfortunately, that just isn’t the case. Many are effectively stuck in a location and end up leaving the agency altogether out of frustration. Simply put, the lack of current employee engagement causes the Border Patrol to lose good agents, and consequentially, threatens the security of the border. I appreciate your leadership to protect the rights of federal employees and look forward to continuing to work with you to find a solution. Thank you for your efforts and for considering our comments. With kindest regard I am, BRANDON JUDD, President, National Border Patrol Council 
THENATIONAL TREASURY  EMPLOYEES UNION, April 21, 2017. Hon. BENNIE THOMPSON , Ranking Member, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representative, Washington, DC. DEARRANKING MEMBER THOMPSON : On be half of the 25,000 Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Officers and trade enforcement specialists at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) who are stationed at 328 land, sea and air ports of entry represented by the National Treasury Employees Union (NTEU), I am writing to thank you for introducing the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Morale, Recognition, Learning and Engagement Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘DHS MORALE Act.’’ Low morale has been a consistent challenge at DHS. Factors that contribute to low morale are echoed in the 2016 Office of Personnel Management’s Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey. Though DHS has made some gains in 2016, it remains the lowest ranked large agency for employee engagement, global satisfaction and inclusiveness. The DHS MORALE Act proposes to improve morale within the DHS workforce by conferring new responsibilities to the Chief Human Capital Officer, establishing an employee engagement steering committee, requiring action plans and authorizing an annual employee award program. Even though the major factors contributing to low morale at CBP ports of entry are insufficient staffing and resources, the provisions in the DHS MORALE Act will help address nonstaffing issues that affect employee morale by improving frontline employee engagement and establishing an annual awards program that emphasizes honoring nonsupervisory employees. Importantly, your bill ensures that the perspective of frontline employees is considered by, and fully integrated into the Department’s workforce activities. NTEU greatly appreciates your leadership on this important issue and stands ready to work with you to pass this legislation. Sincerely, ANTHONY M. R EARDON , National President. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. My legislation sends a positive message to the DHS workforce that their contributions to the DHS mission are valued and they have not been forgotten as they endure new stresses and challenges under the Trump administration. My legislation is intended to advance greater employee engagement, leadership development, and workforce planning at the Department of Homeland Security. This legislation seeks to equip DHS leaders, such as the Chief Human Capital Officer, with the necessary tools to promote employee engagement, learning, and morale. The MORALE Act was unanimously approved by the full committee on May 3, and for good reason. It has wide bipartisan support. Given the criticality of the DHS mission and the increasingly scarce availability of resources, it is essential that the DHS workforce be prioritized, as they are responsible for carrying out a diverse range of programs to make our country safe. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 2283. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2283, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee, I rise in support of H.R. 2283, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Morale, Recognition, Learning and Engagement Act,’’ which will amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002. This bill requires the Chief Human Capital Officer to develop and implement policies related to leadership development, employee engagement, and career progression. The CHCO must evaluate strategic workforce planning efforts, identify methods for managing and overseeing human capital programs, and maintain a catalogue of available employee development opportunities. It is imperative that employees be aware of the opportunities available for them no matter what their current title or role may be. Mr. Speaker, this bill will also authorize the Chief Learning and Engagement Officer to assist the Chief Human Capital Officer on employee development and will also authorize the Employee Engagement Steering Committee. The Employee Engagement Steering Committee will be comprised of representatives from across the Department as well as representatives from employee labor organizations. Having a committee that is representative of the Department’s workforce will ensure that a diverse voice is representative in any decisions made that will affect employees. The Steering Committee will identify factors that have a negative impact on employee engagement and morale and will monitor components’ efforts in addressing morale. The Component heads are tasked with developing and implementing a componentspecific action plan that addresses employee engagement and advances the overall Department action plan. This bill will authorize the Secretary to establish an annual employee awards program to recognize nonsupervisory DHS employees who have made significant contributions to the Department. Mr. Speaker, this bill will also require the Secretary to provide an independent assessment of DHS programs to Congress. Congress must ensure that programs are working in the way that they were created to. This bill is endorsed by the National Border Patrol Council, the National Treasury Employees Union, and the American Federation of Government Employees. These organizations have recognized that this bill is a step forward in the right direction which helps employees of the Department have a higher morale. DHS was ranked low in best places to work in a recent poll conducted. Recognition and employee engagement is important to reduce turnover, improve team culture, and increase employee performance. I urge my colleagues to also support this bill and help create a Department of Homeland Security that is professional, efficient, effective, and employee friendly. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2283, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
STREAMLINING DHS OVERHEAD ACT Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2190) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in managing the Department’s real property portfolio, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2190 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Streamlining DHS Overhead Act’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new sections: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is a Chief Facilities and Logistics Officer of the Department who shall report directly to the Under Secretary for Management. The Chief Facilities 
and Logistics Officer shall be career reserved for a member of the senior executive service. ‘‘(b) RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Facilities and Logistics Officer shall— ‘‘(1) develop policies and procedures and provide program oversight to manage real property, facilities, personal property, mobile assets, equipment, and other material resources of the Department; ‘‘(2) manage and execute, in consultation with the component heads, mission support services within the National Capital Region for real property, facilities, and other common headquarters and field activities for the Department; and ‘‘(3) provide tactical and transactional services for the Department, including transportation, facility operations, and maintenance. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) FIRST STRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Under Secretary for Management shall develop an initial 5year regional real property strategy for the Department that covers the five fiscal years immediately following such date of enactment. Such strategy shall be geographically organized, as designated by the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(2) SECOND STRATEGY .—Not later than the first day of the fourth fiscal year covered by the first strategy under paragraph (1), the Under Secretary for Management shall develop a second 5year real property strategy for the Department that covers the five fiscal years immediately following the conclusion of such first strategy. ‘‘(b) REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) INITIAL STRATEGY .—The initial 5year strategy developed in accordance with paragraph (1) of subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(A) identify opportunities to consolidate real property, optimize the usage of Federal assets, and decrease the number of commercial leases and square footage within the Department’s real property portfolio; ‘‘(B) provide alternate housing and consolidation plans to increase efficiency through joint use of Department spaces while decreasing the cost of leased space; ‘‘(C) concentrate on geographical areas with a significant Department presence, as identified by the Under Secretary for Management; ‘‘(D) examine the establishment of central Department locations in each such geographical region and the colocation of Department components based on the mission sets and responsibilities of such components; ‘‘(E) identify opportunities to reduce overhead costs through colocation or consolidation of real property interests or mission support activities, such as shared mail screening and processing, centralized transportation and shuttle services, regional transit benefit programs, common contracting for custodial and other services, and leveraging strategic sourcing contracts and sharing of specialized facilities, such as training facilities and resources; ‘‘(F) manage the current Department Workspace Standard for Office Space in accordance with the Department office workspace design process to develop the most efficient and effective spaces within the workspace standard usable square foot ranges for all leased for office space entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this section, including the renewal of any leases for office space existing as of such date; ‘‘(G) define, based on square footage, what constitutes a major real property acquisition; ‘‘(H) prioritize actions to be taken to improve the operations and management of the Department’s real property inventory, based on lifecycle cost estimations, in consultation with component heads; and ‘‘(I) include any additional information determined appropriate or relevant by the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(2) SECOND STRATEGY .—The second 5year strategy developed in accordance with paragraph (2) of subsection (a) shall include information required in subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), (E), (F), (G), (H), and (I) of paragraph (1) and information on the effectiveness of implementation efforts pursuant to the Departmentwide policy required in accordance with subsection (c), including— ‘‘(A) the impact of such implementation on departmental operations and costs; and ‘‘(B) the degree to which the Department established central Department locations and colocated Department components pursuant to the results of the examination required by subparagraph (D) of paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) IMPLEMENTATION POLICIES .—Not later than 90 days after the development of each of the regional real property strategies developed in accordance with subsection (a), the Under Secretary for Management shall develop or update, as applicable, a Departmentwide policy implementing such strategies. ‘‘(d) CERTIFICATIONS .—Subject to subsection (g)(3), the implementation policies developed pursuant to subsection (c) shall require component heads to certify to the Under Secretary for Management that such heads have complied with the requirements specified in subsection (b) before making any major real property decision or recommendation, as defined by the Under Secretary, including matters related to new leased space, renewing any existing leases, or agreeing to extend or newly occupy any Federal space or new construction, in accordance with the applicable regional real property strategy developed in accordance with subsection (a). ‘‘(e) UNDERUTILIZED SPACE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The implementing policies developed pursuant to subsection (c) shall require component heads, acting through regional property managers under subsection (f), to annually report to the Under Secretary for Management on underutilized space and identify space that may be made available for use, as applicable, by other components or Federal agencies. ‘‘(2) EXCEPTION .—The Under Secretary for Management may grant an exception to the workspace standard usable square foot ranges described in subsection (b)(1)(F) for specific office locations at which a reduction or elimination of otherwise underutilized space would negatively impact a component’s ability to execute its mission based on readiness performance measures or would increase the cost of such space. ‘‘(3) UNDERUTILIZED SPACE DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘underutilized space’ means any space with respect to which utilization is greater than the workplace standard usable square foot ranges pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(F). ‘‘(f) COMPONENT RESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) REGIONAL PROPERTY MANAGERS .—Each component head shall identify a senior career employee of each such component for each geographic region included in the regional real property strategies developed in accordance with subsection (a) to serve as each such component’s regional property manager. Each such regional property manager shall serve as a single point of contact for Department headquarters and other Department components for all real property matters relating to each such component within the region in which each such component is located, and provide data and any other support necessary for the DHS Regional Mission Support Coordinator strategic asset and portfolio planning and execution. ‘‘(2) DATA.—Regional property managers under paragraph (1) shall provide annually to the Under Secretary for Management, via a standardized and centralized system, data on each component’s real property holdings, as specified by the Undersecretary for Management, including relating to underutilized space under subsection (e) (as such term is defined in such subsection), total square footage leased, annual cost, and total number of staff, for each geographic region included in the regional real property strategies developed in accordance with subsection (a). ‘‘(g) ONGOING OVERSIGHT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Management shall monitor components’ adherence to the regional real property strategies developed in accordance with subsection (a) and the implementation policies developed pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(2) ANNUAL REVIEW .—The Under Secretary for Management shall annually review the data submitted pursuant to subsection (f)(2) to ensure all underutilized space (as such term is defined in subsection (e)) is properly identified. ‘‘(3) CERTIFICATION REVIEW .—The Under Secretary for Management shall review, and if appropriate, approve, component certifications under subsection (d) before such components may make any major real property decision, including matters related to new leased space, renewing any existing leases, or agreeing to extend or newly occupy any Federal space or new construction, in accordance with the applicable regional real property strategy developed in accordance with subsection (a). ‘‘(4) CONGRESSIONAL REPORTING .—The Under Secretary for Management shall annually provide information to the Committee on Homeland Security and Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Inspector General of the Department on the Department’s real property portfolio, including information relating to the following: ‘‘(A) A summary of the Department’s real property holdings in each region described in the regional strategies developed in accordance with subsection (a), and for each such property, information including the total square footage leased, the total cost, the total number of staff at each such property, and the square foot per person utilization rate for office space (and whether or not such conforms with the workspace standard usable square foot ranges established pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(F)). ‘‘(B) An accounting of all underutilized space (as such term is defined in subsection (e)). ‘‘(C) An accounting of all instances in which the Department or its components consolidated their real property holdings or colocated with another entity within the Department. ‘‘(D) A list of all certifications provided pursuant to subsection (d) and all such certifications approved pursuant to paragraph (3) of this subsection. ‘‘(5) INSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 120 days after the last day of the fifth fiscal year covered in each of the initial and second regional real property strategies developed in accordance with subsection (a), the Inspector General of the Department 
shall review the information submitted pursuant to paragraph (4) and issue findings regarding the effectiveness of the implementation of the Departmentwide policy and oversight efforts of the management of real property facilities, personal property, mobile assets, equipment and the Department’s other material resources as required under this section.’’. (b) REPORTING .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate copies of the regional strategies developed in accordance with section 710(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a) of this section) not later than 90 days after the date of the development of each such strategy. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 709 the following new items: ‘‘Sec. 710. Chief Facilities and Logistics Officer. ‘‘Sec. 711. Long term real property strategies.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2190, the Streamlining DHS Overhead Act. Despite being the Nation’s third largest Federal department, the Department of Homeland Security continues to struggle with challenges from its integration of 22 different Federal departments and agencies. One example of these challenges is the Department’s management of its real estate portfolio. DHS pays $2 billion a year to occupy more than 100 million square feet of space. Weak internal oversight and a lack of property management processes have further intensified the problem. Collaboration and coordination is important in these instances, and doing nothing has led to a footprint larger than what DHS needs to carry out its mission. This legislation directly addresses these challenges by mandating the development of regional real property strategies that focus on consolidating leases, where appropriate, to the mission. It also gives the Under Secretary for Management oversight tools to ensure DHS property is being managed efficiently. Another important part of this legislation is its outlining of responsibilities for the Chief Facilities and Logistics Officer to achieve cost savings. As we have seen from the 2year majority staff investigation, increased accountability and promoting efficiency is needed so DHS can more effectively use its resources to focus on its mission of securing the homeland while also saving taxpayer funds. Improving the Department’s operation and promoting efficiencies within its real property portfolio is an issue that both sides of the aisle and the Department should be able to work together on. H.R. 2190 is commonsense legislation. I urge my colleagues’ support. I reserve the balance of my time. b1915 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2190, the Streamlining DHS Overhead Act. Each year, the Department of Homeland Security spends nearly one fourth of its entire budget on acquisitions. DHS has a vast and diversified portfolio of assets and real property. Given the importance of these assets to DHS’ mission, it is essential that DHS manage its real property investments efficiently and effectively. This legislation establishes a chief facilities and logistics officer to not only oversee real property, but to seek efficiencies in how the properties are managed. H.R. 2190 also requires a 5year regional real property strategy to help decisionmakers pinpoint opportunities to reduce overhead costs through colocation or consolidation efforts. This bipartisan bill was approved unanimously by the Committee on Homeland Security on May 3. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge passage of H.R. 2190, Streamlining DHS Overhead Act. Enactment of this legislation conveys our interest in ensuring that the Department makes smart choices when it comes to managing its vast real estate property portfolio. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2190, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2190, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
RECOGNIZING THE AMERICAN ENTREPRENEURSHIP AWARD (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to recognize George Logothetis, the CEO and chairman of the Libra Group, a private organization based in my congressional district that is dedicated to bolstering local communities through educational and business programs. George is a visionary who recognizes the value of promoting startup businesses as a catalyst for financial self sufficiency, economic development, and job creation. In 2015, George created the American Entrepreneurship Award, a nonprofit with one goal in mind: to make free enterprise accessible to every underserved community across our Nation. This Friday, June 23, George will host AEA’s annual awards ceremony in our home city of Miami, where George will announce the winners of the 2017 Business Plan Competition from Miami and the Bronx. The awardees will receive a cash prize as well as vital consultation and mentorship to get their new business ventures off the ground. I would like to thank George for his leadership in promoting innovation, and I look forward to his future success, as well as the AEA’s. f 
THE SENATE’S SECRET HEALTHCARE BILL (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, the healthcare bill the Senate leadership is writing has not been subjected to any public hearings or debate and, to this day, the contents of the bill remain a secret. This bill is being written by 13 men—Republican men. And because it is being written in secret, only those in the room have a say. Under normal circumstances, every Senator would have the chance to read and debate a bill, just as we had in the House. But these are not normal circumstances. As that secret committee reshapes our healthcare system behind closed doors, no woman has a seat at the table, no Democrat has a seat at the table, and 77 percent of Americans do not have a Senator at the table. The Senate leadership has deprived nearly 250 million Americans of representation in the writing of this healthcare bill because they thought no one would notice. They will be proven wrong. 
RECOGNIZING ALZHEIMER’S AND BRAIN AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month. Alzheimer’s is 
the sixthleading cause of death in the United States, and more than 5 million Americans are currently living with it. Every 66 seconds, someone in the United States cultivates the disease. This disease is not only deadly, but it is also costly. Alzheimer’s, as well as other forms of dementia, cost the Nation roughly $259 billion annually. Our communities are stepping up. Last year, I joined the Walk 2 End Alzheimer’s event at Target Field, where more than 12,000 people turned out for the cause. It is this passion that has led to initiatives like the Alzheimer’s Breakthrough Act, of which I am a cosponsor. This is an important step in finding a cure through the forming of publicprivate partnerships to pursue different and new research opportunities. Mr. Speaker, we are at a reflection point—an important reflection point for Alzheimer’s research. The more commitment we put forward, the more progress that we will make in finding a cure. While we have made significant progress, we will not be satisfied until a cure has been found. 
RECOGNIZING THE ST. PETE PRIDE PARADE (Mr. CRIST asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the St. Pete Pride Parade for the significance to Pinellas County, Florida, and our LGBTQ community. Every June, for the past 15 years, the St. Pete Pride Parade has brightened the streets of my hometown, leaving joy, love, and equality in its wake. It has become one of the largest pride celebrations in the country, hosting over 200,000 attendees last year alone; all possible, thanks to our large, diverse LGBTQ community and city leadership that understands this community as a source of our strength. As we mark 1 year since the 49 souls were taken from us at the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, this pride is much more than a celebration. It is a vibrant act of strength for a community that has endured persecution simply for being who they are and who they love. As St. Pete looks forward to the celebration this weekend, I wish the community happy pride. Be loud and be proud because we are proud of you. 
RECOGNIZING THE PROFESSIONAL ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF PAUL LYSKAVA (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the professional accomplishments of Paul Lyskava, who has served diligently as the executive director of the Pennsylvania Forest Products Association since 2002. Paul has been instrumental in working closely with members of the forest products industry. Even through a recession, Paul worked to put the Commonwealth in a good position. Today, Pennsylvania is the leading hardwood lumber producing State in the Nation. In 2015, Paul was the recipient of the Joseph T. Rothrock Conservationist of the Year Award, which recognizes actions and service that contribute to the continued conservation of Pennsylvania’s forest resources in the spirit of Pennsylvania Forestry Association founder, Joseph T. Rothrock. Never before has the award been presented to an individual that served in a capacity at all similar to Paul’s. For the 4 years before he took the helm at the Pennsylvania Forest Products Association, Paul served as the executive director of the Pennsylvania Hardwoods Development Council. On behalf of the people of Pennsylvania, I want to recognize Paul for all he has done for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. We are deeply grateful for your dedication and knowledge, Paul. Thank you, my friend. f 
WORLD REFUGEE DAY (Mr. TED LIEU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of World Refugee Day. We are facing the worst refugee crisis in history, with over 65 million refugees; half of them are children. When I served on Active Duty in the U.S. Air Force, I participated in Operation Pacific Haven. The U.S. military went into northern Iraq. We extracted thousands of Kurdish refugees, brought them to Andersen Air Force Base in Guam, and then sent most of them to the United States. We saved their lives, and, to this day, the Kurds remain one of America’s strongest allies. Helping refugees is not only the moral thing to do; it helps our national security. That is why I am honored to introduce bipartisan legislation with Representative ROSLEHTINEN to promote the health, safety, and wellbeing of refugees. 
LITTLE KIM THE TERRORIST (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, North Korea released Otto Warmbier last week after 17 months of imprisonment and torture. Otto returned home in a coma, never again to speak or see his parents. Yesterday, he died—murdered, actually—from brain damage because of the Korean beatings that he endured. North Korea had humiliated Otto for allegedly stealing a progovernment placard, forcing him to publicly beg for forgiveness. Now, these are the tactics of terrorists. We need to ramp up the pressure on North Korea. Three other Americans are still being held in North Korea for apparent political reasons. We must prioritize saving their lives. It is time to call it like it is: designate North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism. Doing so would isolate the country and publicly categorize North Korea with many other rogue nations. The House has already passed my bill to designate North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism. Now the Senate needs to do the same. Little Kim has American blood on his hands. Give him and his outlaw regime the designation it deserves, a terrorist state. And that is just the way it is. f 
TRUMPCARE IS FUNDAMENTALLY FLAWED (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, when President Trump calls your healthcare legislation mean and coldhearted, you know that it is time to reconsider your approach to the Nation’s healthcare system. The President was referring, of course, to the Housepassed TrumpCare legislation, which pulls the rug from under millions of Americans, raising their costs, gutting their protections, and, for many, taking away their coverage. And while we do not know the extent of the damage the Senate Republicans’ secret health bill would cause, we do know its consequences would be disastrous. We do know, for instance, that the Senate Republicans plan to gut essential health benefits and destroy the Medicaid expansion. TrumpCare is fundamentally flawed. Higher costs, less coverage, fewer protections, that is the gift from the Republican Party to the American people. The bill would also destroy millions of jobs—nearly 14,000 jobs in my State of New Jersey next year alone. TrumpCare is an ugly bill being advanced through an ugly process. Senate Republicans can hide the details from their bill, but they cannot hide that simple fact from the American people. 
WORLD REFUGEE DAY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor World Refugee Day, a day that is very special to the famous city of Utica, New York, in the heart of the 22nd Congressional District, a place that I have represented and lived my entire life. Utica was recognized recently as the home to refugees, and I am so honored 
to be a part of this great tradition in Utica. In quite an unusual portion of my background, I had the opportunity to spend time in the former Yugoslavia. I also was the sole employee at the former Yugoslav Consulate before the tragic war in Yugoslavia, which broke the country up in the early nineties. As a part of my commitment to and interest in the people from Yugoslavia, I was instrumental in helping bring a huge number of Bosnian refugees to Utica, New York, back in the early nineties and into the late nineties. And I am so pleased that I was able to have the opportunity, with my family business, to create the very first Bosnian newspaper in Utica, known as Mostovi, which means bridges in Bosnian. Today, the Bosnian refugees make up one of the largest, if not the largest, Bosnian refugee communities in the Nation. They have done a wonderful job in Utica in successfully starting businesses and contributing greatly to our community, along with many other refugees. I just wanted to take this moment to recognize Utica and to thank our tremendous Bosnian refugees for their contributions to our Nation and especially to our community because without them, we would never see the prosperity and the growth that we have seen in our smallbusiness community from their ingenuity and their kindness and their generosity to us. 
b1930 SUPPORT OUR REFUGEES (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, the United States has been a leader welcoming refugees for decades. Refugees seek our shores to escape war, political and religious persecution, and sometimes fear of imminent death. People flee danger seeking refuge and safety. As Americans, we should be the last to perpetuate an environment that causes refugees to live in a state of fear and terror right here in America. I represent the residents of Clarkston, Georgia. As a refugee resettlement hub, Clarkston is often referred to as the most diverse square mile in America. Clarkston’s refugees have established themselves as taxpayers; they have started thriving businesses; and 91 percent obtain jobs and become completely selfsufficient within 6 months of arriving in the U.S. The great diversity and cultural richness that they bring to our communities has made the Fourth District a better place to live, work, and play. Today we show our support for refugees. Today we should all stand to send a message that we will continue our work to support refugees as they continue to boost local economies and contribute to our communities with their unique and enriching cultures. WORLD REFUGEE DAY (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, right now we are facing one of the greatest humanitarian crises of our time. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has reported that over 65 million people are currently displaced due to war, famine, persecution, or human rights violations. That is why, on World Refugee Day, we must resist the urge to close our doors when the world’s most vulnerable need our support. As a cornerstone of American global humanitarian leadership for nearly four decades, the United States’ refugee program has resettled more than 3 million refugees. I was honored to welcome one of these refugees as my guest for President Trump’s joint session to Congress earlier this year. Bothina Matar and her family were forced out of their home in Syria, and after spending months in a Jordanian camp, were resettled in Dallas, Texas. Following a rigorous vetting process, the al Sharaa family successfully resettled, and they are rebuilding their lives while contributing greatly to our country and economy, just like refugees before them. Our country is a welcoming place where we can both protect the American people and extend our hand to people who need it. Let us not forget that fact, Mr. Speaker. f 
WORLD REFUGEE DAY (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on World Refugee Day, to share some facts on the United States Refugee Resettlement Program. America’s Refugee Resettlement Program is a small but powerful humanitarian expression of American values and founding principles. And just as important, it makes us safer. Refugees go through vetting that is already extreme. If there is any doubt about a refugee’s identity, he or she is not admitted. The process is so rigorous, there hasn’t been a single fatal terrorist attack carried out by a refugee in the United States since the Refugee Act became law in 1980. Americans across our great country support resettlement. America’s faith communities are leading the call for America to stand by her principles and shelter the fleeing victims of our enemies, including the Catholic Charities of the Diocese of Albany in my own 20th District of New York. That is because it speaks directly to American values of strength, inclusiveness, and compassion. New Yorkers have played a vital role in the resettlement program, and refugees are positively contributing to communities across New York State and beyond. The United States Committee for Refugees and Immigrants’ Albany field office has helped resettle refugees from Afghanistan, from Burma, Iraq, Ukraine, and the Congo, just to name a few. Some of these refugees are single mothers seeking a better life for themselves and their children; others are families fleeing war and persecution. We have the strength, the means, and the capacity to welcome these refugees with open arms. Let us stand with these huddled masses and remain a beacon of freedom around the world. f 
ELIMINATE NEW YORK STATE MEDICAID MANDATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from New York (Mr. FASO) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker and my colleagues, I rise this evening with my colleagues from upstate New York to discuss a matter that is extraordinarily important to all of the people throughout New York State, but particularly to those who reside in New York State outside of New York City. New York State is one of the few States in America that requires a portion of its share of Medicaid costs, which is healthcare for the poor and the elderly, its share of Medicaid costs to be paid by local property taxpayers. It has now been 51 years that New York State, since the days of Governor Nelson Rockefeller, that New York State imposed this incredibly onerous burden on the local property taxpayers in our State. In fact, in the entire United States of America, there is approximately $9.5 billion being spent by local governments on Medicaid costs which, in virtually every other State, are paid for by the State government—$9.5 billion. But in New York State, our taxpayers pay $7.2 billion of that $9.5 billion in Medicaid costs mandated by New York State, mandated by Albany. This is an outrageous burden. The county property taxpayers—those are homeowners and commercial property taxpayers in our State—pay over $2.2 billion each year in property taxes, in mandated costs, over which the county governments have no control whatsoever. So tonight, Mr. Speaker, I rise, and I am pleased to have organized this Special Order with my colleagues from 
New York State, to discuss this dire situation that our taxpayers endure and what our recommended solution is. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues and I were successful in including in the American Health Care Act a provision which would, as of 2020, eliminate the ability of Albany to impose this burden on local homeowners and commercial property taxpayers. It would improve the real estate values in our State. It would be one more reason for people to stay in New York rather than to flee New York. The thing that I hear from people over and over again in my district, in the 19th District in the Catskills and the Hudson Valley of New York, is their kids and grandchildren are being driven out of State because there are no jobs, and they are being driven out of State by high property taxes. One of the reasons for those high property taxes is the New York State Medicaid mandate. So, with Mr. COLLINS, Mr. R EED, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. ZELDIN , and Ms. S TEFANIK , we were successful in including in the American Health Care Act a provision which would, as of 2020, eliminate this burden on local homeowners and require Albany to do what other States, the 49 other States, do, which is to take control of its own Medicaid system and not impose these burdens on the counties. Mr. Speaker and my colleagues, you can see in the 11 counties that I represent in the MidHudson and in the Catskills of New York State, over $224 million a year is coming out of homeowners’ pockets, coming out of commercial real estate owners’ pockets and going to pay for Albany’s costs. We are ending that as of 2020 under the provision in the legislation that I have authored with Mr. COLLINS , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. REED, Mr. Z ELDIN , and Ms. STEFANIK because we know that this burden is unjust and it is uncalled for. So, Mr. Speaker and my colleagues, I am delighted at this time to yield to the gentleman from western New York (Mr. REED), from the Southern Tier. Mr. REED. Well, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank the gentlemen, Mr. FASOand Mr. C OLLINS , for their leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, in my district, the 23rd Congressional District, where we sit on the border of the State of Pennsylvania, when you talk about the tax burden that is placed on my hardworking residents that are struggling, that are trying to pay utility bills, that are trying to pay for food to put on their tables, that are trying to take care of their families and put their kids through school, when you talk about a tax burden that is driven by the Medicaid shift in New York State to the local level, at our county level—a very unique circumstance across the country—to the tune of $145 million a year in each of the counties I represent, that type of burden is not sustainable. I thank the leadership of Mr. FASO and Mr. COLLINS for looking for a solution in the American Health Care Act that will alleviate this, that will once and for all shift this burden from our hardworking citizens, our hardworking taxpayers in western New York back to where it belongs: to our State capital, our State capital where they have mandated, under the Federal Medicaid program, essentially every optional service that is authorized under the program; where you see numbers in New York State where we spend approximately $4,000 per enrollee versus California, another State that has invested tremendously in expanding Medicaid and Medicaid services, at $2,500; where you see reports that in New York State our average costs are 44 percent, in New York State, under Medicaid spending than the national average. And then you look at small things that do add up: taxi services that are reimbursed under Medicaid in New York State to the tune of $2.20 a mile. Mr. Speaker, every hardworking resident in my district that is watching tonight knows that if they go to submit a mileage reimbursement to their employer or they go and try to get reimbursement from their local government that they work at, they are getting 55 cents or maybe 53.5 cents. That money adds up. You also see a Medicaid program in New York that is ripe with waste, fraud, and abuse; and by putting that $145 million tax burden on our local taxpayers, our counties cannot address that waste, fraud, and abuse. That can only be done in our State capital. So I think it is only right that we put the burden on our State capital, who has the authority, the flexibility, and the ability to address these issues, to have to deal with this burden at the same time they can implement solutions. If our Governor so chooses to make this type of waste, fraud, and abuse rampant through Medicaid, that is his choice. But he shouldn’t put it on our backs, our local residents’ backs, to the tune of $145 million of taxpayer dollars that they have no ability to address at the local level. I also remember, vividly, a story from one of our first responders, an Olean firefighter who came in and talked about him being part of ObamaCare ambulance service where they would pick up individuals who would call for services and claim to be experiencing a medical emergency; and then as they delivered the patient to the hospital, that same patient would refuse service at the ER so they could go to the mall across the street—a ride in an ambulance that is paid for by our hardworking residents in western New York. We are generous people. We don’t mind helping people out. But when you put a burden like this on our backs and you don’t give us the flexibility and ability to address these concerns, that is wrong. And what this amendment does, and I am proud to support it and stand here with my colleagues, is right this wrong once and for all and put the burden where it needs to be: in our State capital. Let our Governor own this and, hopefully, wise up and deal with it at that level and take this burden off our hardworking taxpayers. Thank you, Mr. FASOand Mr. C OLLINS for this leadership, and we are wholeheartedly behind you. Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. REED. I think he raises a very timely and very good point. The fact is the level of government that designs the program, that confers the benefit, that says who is eligible should also be the level of government that has to go to its citizens and say: ‘‘Here is why we need to raise the revenue to pay for that benefit.’’ b1945 But, indeed, what New York does is wholly different. What New York does is they simply say: Here is the benefit, and we are going to shift part of the cost of that benefit to taxpayers at the local level, to the homeowners and to the property taxpayers, and their county governments have nothing to say over how that program is run or operated or administered. They just have to send the bill to Albany once a month. This is what we are seeking to address. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. COLLINS ) who is from Erie County. Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a proud cosponsor of the Property Tax Reduction Act introduced by my colleague and friend from New York, Representative JOHNFASO. I am committed to working to provide tax relief to my constituents, which is why Representative FASOand I worked to include a similar measure in the Affordable Health Care Act, and I urge the Senate and Leader MCCONNELL to include that measure in their healthcare bill. The State of New York saddles its residents with the highest overall tax burden in the Nation. A main driver of this hardship remains New York’s persistently exorbitant local property taxes, which are a symptom of irresponsible governing from Albany. Governor Cuomo continues to rely on New York counties to foot the bill for New York State’s outrageous Cadillac Medicaid plan, which costs each recipient 44 percent more than the national average. The Governor essentially runs up a tab and then demands that the counties find a way to pay the bill. This is an unconscionable shift of cost. The entity of government that spends taxpayers’ money should be the entity that pays the bill. Instead, Governor Cuomo wants this scheme to continue shielding his outrageous spending and keeping his actions from public scrutiny. The Governor’s sleight of hand costs the eight counties I represent over $470 million a year and my home county of Erie almost $204 million a 
year—nearly 83 percent of the total county property tax. The Property Tax Reduction Act will end this outrageous cost shift, hold Governor Cuomo accountable for the State’s Medicaid spending, and deliver muchneeded tax relief to the hardworking taxpayers in my district. I want to thank my friend and colleague, Mr. FASO, for introducing this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. COLLINS ’ strong support. As a former county executive in Erie County, you had that experience of having to write the check every month to Albany for a program and services that you had no control over. I very much appreciate it. One of the ironies here is that New York State, with 19 million people, spends more on its Medicaid system than Texas and Florida combined. Those two States have more than double our population, yet we spend more than those two States—Texas and Florida—combined. It is no wonder so many New Yorkers have fled to places like Texas and Florida through the years. So I appreciate Mr. COLLINS ’ consistent leadership on this issue from the time the gentleman was the county executive in Erie County. Mr. COLLINS of New York. We should put it into perspective because New York spends too much on everything. Florida now has more people than New York. Florida’s entire budget is $80 billion a year for more than 20 million people. New York, with fewer people, has a budget of $160 billion— you almost can’t make this up—double Florida. Now, a point that I have tried to make when you see what the position of New York is, there was a day New York had 45 Members of Congress. Congress is apportioned by population. Today, we have fallen from 45 to 27. We have lost 40 percent of our representation in New York because of the high tax burden. And I know, as sure as I am standing here, we are going to lose another seat, possibly two, in the Census coming up in 2020. Now, contrast to Florida that doesn’t have an income tax and has much lower property taxes, half of the budget of New York. When we had 45, they had 7 Members of Congress—45 versus 7. Today, they also have 27. In the next Census, they are going to grow from 28 to 29. You almost can’t make this up. Certainly the property tax burden is a big thing that drives these people out of New York State. They want to live there. People want their kids to be there. There was a day in Erie County—and I was the county executive—we had 1.25 million people in Erie County in 1972, 1973. We are down to 900,000. Forget about relative growth. We have actually lost 25 percent of our absolute population over the last 40 years because of the high tax burden in New York, so much so, they coined the phrase of our airport. They called it the Runway of Tears because the parents were watching their children and grandchildren fly off to Florida, to North Carolina, and to other States where there were jobs and opportunities—the Runway of Tears. So anything we can do to help reduce that tax burden in New York and to let our kids come home and be able to afford to live in New York State, maybe one day again we will be the Empire State. So I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this. Certainly I am going to be fighting side by side with the gentleman and the other New Yorkers to get this through. Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his support. The fact of the matter is that New York has driven away so many people. In my 19th Congressional District, every single county has lost population in the last 5 years. School district populations are down 30, 40 percent. Part of the reason is because of a lack of jobs and high property taxes. What we are simply saying is there should be accountability. When I ran for office last year, I promised the people of my district that I would introduce a measure, because then people would say: how can the Federal Government get involved in this question? The reason is because the Federal law authorized the States to impose part of their costs on the counties or on the local governments. The fact is that only New York State did it to the degree that New York did. That is why it is going to require us to amend the Federal legislation to preclude New York from doing this. We are giving Albany 2
1⁄2years to reform their program, to eliminate waste, and to make other priorities in its spending. There is no reason for cuts to hospitals or nursing homes, as Governor Cuomo has alleged falsely. What he needs to do is take full responsibility for this program, as most of the Governors in the 49 other States do, and then we will be able to relieve this burden on our local homeowners. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ), who was also elected with me in 2016, for her comments on this important matter. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman FASO for his leadership, and also for the great comments from Congressman COLLINS in the western New York district and for coming up with this really great piece of legislation. It is no secret that New York residents pay among the highest taxes in the Nation. Combined State and local taxes consume over 13 percent of the average household income. Decades of taxandspend policies have depleted the wallets of hardworking middle class families and forced many small businesses—including family farms; once a tradition in New York—into closure, and driven lifelong residents out of our State in record numbers forever. These burdensome taxes, coupled with crushing regulations, have led to the worst business climate in the country. Small businesses, which create over 70 percent of the new jobs, face the threat of extinction in New York. Year after year, New York continues to be ranked the highest in outmigration in the entire Nation. Nearly 200,000 people have left the Empire State, and two of the worst hit regions—the Mohawk Valley and the southern tier—are located in the 22nd District. Additionally, the two largest cities in our district—Utica and Binghamton—are ranked last and second to last in economic growth. Hardworking families and our job creators desperately need tax relief. That is why I am working with the New York delegation and the Republican congressional delegation to lead the charge by cosponsoring the Property Tax Reduction Act sponsored by Mr. FASOand Mr. C OLLINS and cosponsored by the rest of us. As a note, I would just like to mention that, as a former member of the State assembly, I did sponsor legislation very similar to the type of relief being proposed in this wonderful piece of legislation known as the Property Tax Reduction Act. That legislation was cosponsored in a bipartisan way with Democrats who also recognized the need to change the paradigm in New York State. The Property Tax Reduction Act will bring the largest local mandate relief initiative to my area in my lifetime, potentially saving the taxpayers in the 22nd District more than $167 million annually in unfunded State Medicaid mandates. This bill relieves county governments from the burden forced upon them by Albany bureaucrats led by our Governor. Currently, in New York State, the law requires approximately $2.3 billion, as was mentioned earlier, that is taken from our local county governments and given to the State for the Medicaid program. This amounts to about $140 million per week. In 2015, Oneida County was forced to divert more than 80 percent of the property tax levies to subsidize Albany’s bloated budgets. This amounts to $54.4 million annually in Oneida County losses every year to cover the cost of their share of Medicaid. In Broome County, more than half of the county’s $70 million in property tax revenue, about $37 million, was taken from the county last year and diverted to Albany—a loss of more than, as I said, $37 million. This is money that would otherwise go to reduce property taxes, fund our schools, make much needed improvements to infrastructure, and support our first responders, among many other programs, that we need on a county level. Combined property and sales tax rates as a percentage of value rank many of New York’s counties among 
the highest taxed counties in the Nation, with Oneida County being ranked 19 in the latest Tax Foundation survey. No other State in the country abuses its local governments and taxpayers quite like Albany does in order to fund its most expansive and really overly generous Medicaid programs in the Nation. New York’s Medicaid program has the highest incidents of fraud, abuse, and waste in the country. If other States can provide highquality healthcare to vulnerable citizens without taking advantage of local taxpayers, so can New York. The imposition of over $2.5 billion in Medicaid costs on to the counties is nearly seven times costlier than what counties in California pay, despite having higher enrollments and expenditures. The Property Tax Reduction Act requires Governor Cuomo and the State to pay its full share of the Medicaid program that it should be paying in full and that it also forces on to the county and local governments. This bill does not propose cuts to the programs in the 22nd District. Rather, it requires Albany to put its fiscal house in order. It requires Albany to take stock of the money that it has been using, sending these unfunded mandates to our strapped local governments. This legislation, as the sponsor has indicated, gives the State ample time to realign the budget, to rein in outof control spending, and to give the taxpayers relief once and for all at the county level. If Governor Cuomo chooses to hurt the citizens by slashing programs that upstate New Yorkers want and need with a mammoth State budget that was over $152 billion this year for fiscal year 2017, that is his choice, not something that has been brought on by that act. His failed leadership continues to produce budgets laden with unconstitutional executive pork and wasteful spending. In fact, let’s just take a look at a couple of the items. Over $370 million in Albany’s budget these past few years was spent on the corrupt and mismanaged StartUP New York program, which produced only onethird of the promised jobs. Over $1.3 billion in tax breaks have been handed over to Hollywood filmmakers in the last 2 years. In all, Albany spends over $8 billion in taxpayer money on a jobcreation program with little results to show for it. The bill will simply force the State to work over a period of several years to responsibly reduce the unfair and unreasonable Medicaid liability that has been forced on to our counties. Upstate New York is in desperate need of property tax relief. This bill is the first step in making the relief a reality. County executives and local governments across the State have voiced their support of this legislation. While hardworking families struggle, Albany sits idly by. That is why we are taking the lead on the Federal level to help revive our region and bring business and people back to beautiful upstate New York. By giving county governments a onceinalifetime opportunity to reduce property taxes, this bill will save millions of dollars and hardearned tax dollars for working families. On behalf of the 22nd District, I just want to thank my colleagues for really taking the effort to bring this to the floor and showing true leadership in the face of difficult circumstances in finding a real solution, a onceinalifetime opportunity for all of us as taxpayers in New York to finally have some relief, to grow our business community, and to find some kind of dynamism in our economy. I thank again the sponsors, Mr. FASO and Mr. C OLLINS. b2000 Mr. FASO. I appreciate the gentlewoman’s remarks and her strong support for this reform measure. I would also point out that a 2015 report from the New York State Comptroller indicated $513 million in improper payments in the Medicaid program were identified. In the same report, the Comptroller questioned an additional $361 million in transactions that would require agency actions to reduce costs or recover funds. In the past decade, the Office of Inspector General for the Federal Department of Health and Human Services found 10 specific instances in which New York State received improper Federal Medicaid payments in excess of $50 million, with six of those instances each exceeding over $170 million apiece. So there is a lot of room in the New York State Medicaid program to reduce improper payments and outright fraud that we have seen. I know my colleague, Ms. TENNEY , from her experience in the State legislature, has seen firsthand what was going on with New York State’s Medicaid system. Part of the reason this has occurred is because Albany was able to spend someone else’s money. The old iron rule of government and the iron rule of family budget is that it is always easier to spend someone else’s money. What Albany has been doing for 51 years has been shifting part of its Medicaid responsibility from the State level down to the local level, and so Albany was less responsible. This wasn’t a Democrat or Republican thing, either. This happened under the Republican Governors. It happened under Democratic Governors. It is true, through the years, New York State has partially reduced the burden that was falling upon the county property taxpayers, but they have never eliminated it. Do you know what? The leadership in Albany today shows no signs of ever taking steps to finally eliminate this. In Ms. TENNEY ’s district, it is over $167 million a year in property tax relief. In my district, it is over $224 million. In Mr. COLLINS ’ district, it is close to $400 million. In Nassau County, it is over $300 million; in Suffolk County, over $300 million; Westchester County, over $200 million. All throughout the State of New York, outside of New York City, the property taxpayers are being crushed. They are being driven away. Our jobs and our economy are being driven away, in part, because of Albany’s Medicaid mandate. We can change it by changing Federal law. That is what we are going to do. We have placed this provision in the healthcare legislation. It is my hope and expectation that it can be included in the final legislation that is passed. But regardless, I know Ms. TENNEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. C OLLINS , Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. Z ELDIN , and the rest of us will be fighting very hard to make sure that we can finally eliminate this injustice. What Albany does is taxation without any representation. In my District, in Ulster County, almost half of their entire property tax levy goes to pay for Albany’s Medicaid costs. In Rensselaer County, about 57 percent of every nickel the county raises in property tax levy goes to pays for Albany’s Medicaid costs, and they have no say over how those funds are expended, over how the program is operated. It is truly taxation without representation. I yield to the gentlewoman if she has anything to add in conclusion. Ms. TENNEY. I want to mention one thing that I think is really important. Both Congressman FASOand I served as members of the State Assembly prior to serving in Congress. One thing that we both know is that we are truly interested in helping people who are needy. It isn’t about the people who are truly needy; it is about the people who are abusing the system and taking resources that are desperately needed by our seniors and by people who really are, as I said, truly needy. This is a way of providing more resources to them without having the fraud, the abuse and waste, the mismanagement in Albany, and forcing Albany into being more fiscally conservative, protecting our counties so that we can provide those services for our communities. I just want to make sure that we characterize that, because that is something that we all care about as people who take an oath of office, not just to uphold our Federal Constitution but also our State constitution. We take that seriously. I know we are all committed to helping those people, but also remembering that we need to respect the taxpayers. The taxpayers need to have proper management of their funds. I want to commend the gentleman for his work and efforts in making sure this comes to the floor and making sure we get this passed on the Federal 
level, because it has been a struggle for all of us through many years. Having this come to reality is going to be, honestly, one of the greatest mandate relief packages that I have experienced in my lifetime, and I am grateful. Mr. FASO. I thank the gentlewoman for her comments. I would close, Mr. Speaker, simply by pointing out that New York State has among, depending on what the measure is, either the highest or second highest real property taxes in the entire Nation. We are the only State that imposes this type of burden on local homeowners, local property taxpayers. If you look at the gross amount that people pay in their real estate taxes, the downstate counties—Westchester, Nassau, Suffolk, Rockland—pay the highest in gross amount. But if you calculate the property tax burden as a percentage of the home value, the counties in upstate New York; in western New York; along the southern tier; in the Mohawk Valley, where Ms. TENNEY lives; in the Catskills and Mid Hudson, where I live; and in the Adirondacks, which Ms. STEFANIK represents, those counties are being crushed. Those homeowners are being crushed by the burden of real estate taxes. A large part of that reason is this 50 year mandate that started under Nelson Rockefeller that has been imposed on New York homeowners, which is crushing them, driving them out of their homes, and this is what we are intending to stop. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the support of my colleagues here tonight, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of travel (airline) difficulties. Mr. CORREA (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of flight diverted for airline issues. Mr. CUMMINGS (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for June 12 through 23. Ms. GABBARD (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. Mrs. NAPOLITANO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today through June 23. 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 782. An act to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 6 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 21, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning hour debate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1714. A letter from the Acting Under Secretary of Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting the 2016 Armed Forces Retirement Home Accreditation Report, pursuant to 24 U.S.C. 418(e)(2); Public Law 101510, Sec. 518(e)(2) (as amended by Public Law 110181, Sec. 1422(f)); (122 Stat. 422); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1715. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 2270, ‘‘Early Learning Equity in Funding Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1716. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 2271, ‘‘Child Development Facilities Regulations Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1717. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 2272, ‘‘Child Care Study Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1718. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 20169524; Directorate Identifier 2016NM049 AD; Amendment 3918891; AD 20171017] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1719. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Zodiac Seats California LLC Seating Systems [Docket No.: FAA20165595; Directorate Identifier 2015NM087AD; Amendment 3918871; AD 20170909] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1720. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Diamond Aircraft Industries GmbH Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20170506; Directorate Identifier 2017CE019AD; Amendment 3918907; AD 20171108] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1721. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; RollsRoyce plc Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA20170114; Directorate Identifier 2017NE03AD; Amendment 39 18880; AD 20171006] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1722. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; RollsRoyce Deutschland Ltd & Co KG Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA2017 0186; Directorate Identifier 2017NE07AD; Amendment 3918899; AD 20171025] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1723. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 20168849; Directorate Identifier 2015NM174 AD; Amendment 3918892; AD 20171018] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1724. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 20158428; Directorate Identifier 2014NM032 AD; Amendment 3918898; AD 20171024] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1725. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 20169413; Directorate Identifier 2016NM104 AD; Amendment 3918897; AD 20171023] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1726. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20168179; Directorate Identifier 2015NM201AD; Amendment 3918913; AD 20171114] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1727. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 20150084; Directorate Identifier 2014NM181 AD; Amendment 3918879; AD 20171005] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1728. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; NavWorx, Inc. Automatic Dependent Surveillance Broadcast Universal Access Transceiver Units [Docket No.: FAA2016 9226; Directorate Identifier 2016SW065AD; Amendment 3918910; AD 20171111] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1729. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20169075; Directorate Identifier 
2016NM082AD; Amendment 3918890; AD 20171016] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1730. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20168848; Directorate Identifier 2016NM054AD; Amendment 3918895; AD 20171021] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1731. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20170124; Directorate Identifier 2016NM166AD; Amendment 3918911; AD 20171112] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1732. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Slingsby Aviation Ltd. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20170048; Directorate Identifier 2016CE035AD; Amendment 39 18876; AD 20171002] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1733. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20169550; Directorate Identifier 2016CE026AD; Amendment 3918894; AD 20171020] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1734. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Embraer S.A. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20169507; Directorate Identifier 2016 NM127AD; Amendment 3918878; AD 201710 04] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1735. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; DG Flugzeugbau GmbH Gliders [Docket No.: FAA20170158; Directorate Identifier 2016CE040AD; Amendment 3918902; AD 20171103) (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1736. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20169438; Directorate Identifier 2016NM109AD; Amendment 3918873; AD 20170911] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1737. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Defense and Space S.A. (Formerly Known as Construcciones Aeronauticas, S.A.) Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20170123; Directorate Identifier 2016 NM033AD; Amendment 3918889; AD 201710 15] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1738. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Management System for Domestic, Flag and Supplemental Operations Certificate Holders; Technical Amendment [Docket No.: FAA20090671; Amdt. No.: 51A] (RIN: 2120AJ86) received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1739. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — IFR Altitudes; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31138; Amdt. No.: 533] received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1740. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace, Grass Range, MT [Docket No.: FAA20170047; Airspace Docket No.: 17ANM 1] received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1741. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; KyleOakley Field Airport, Murray, KY [Docket No.: FAA20169443; Airspace Docket No.: 16ASO17] received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1742. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace, Bar Harbor, ME [Docket No.: FAA 20169285; Airspace Docket No.: 16ANE2] received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1743. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Proposed Amendment of Class D Airspace; Kingsville, TX [Docket No.: FAA20169511; Airspace Docket No.: 16 ASW20] received June 16, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 1551. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from advanced nuclear power facilities; with an amendment (Rept. 115–183). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 2190. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in managing the Department’s real property portfolio, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–184). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 2842. A bill to provide for the conduct of demonstration projects to test the effectiveness of subsidized employment for TANF recipients; with an amendment (Rept. 115–185). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 392. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1873) to amend the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 to enhance the reliability of the electricity grid and reduce the threat of wildfires to and from electric transmission and distribution facilities on Federal lands by facilitating vegetation management on such lands, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1654) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to coordinate Federal and State permitting processes related to the construction of new surface water storage projects on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture and to designate the Bureau of Reclamation as the lead agency for permit processing, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–186). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. WESTERMAN (for himself, Mr. NOLAN , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ): H.R. 2936. A bill to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and improve forest management activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on Tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fireprone forested lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, Education and the Workforce, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LAHOOD: H.R. 2937. A bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to authorize partnerships between States and nongovernmental entities for the purpose of reclaiming and restoring land and water resources adversely affected by coal mining activities before August 3, 1977, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. M AC ARTHUR , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. KNIGHT , Ms. TENNEY , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. SEAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. SHEAPORTER , and Mr. COURTNEY ): H.R. 2938. A bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to remove barriers to access to residential substance use disorder treatment services under Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TIPTON (for himself, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. AMODEI , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. S IMPSON, and Mr. W ESTERMAN ): H.R. 2939. A bill to prohibit the conditioning of any permit, lease, or other use agreement on the transfer of any water right to the United States by the Secretaries of the Interior and Agriculture, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 2940. A bill to allow Members of Congress to carry a concealed firearm anywhere in the United States, with certain exceptions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ABRAHAM (for himself, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, and Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana): H.R. 2941. A bill to provide for the conveyance of certain National Forest System land within Kisatchie National Forest in the State of Louisiana; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. POCAN , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. NORTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. M OORE , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. B EYER , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. L EE, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. KHANNA , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. KILDEE , Mr. R USH, Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. C OURT NEY, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. ADAMS , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. CONYERS , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. MENG, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , and Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York): H.R. 2942. A bill to permit employees to request changes to their work schedules without fear of retaliation and to ensure that employers consider these requests, and to require employers to provide more predictable and stable schedules for employees in certain occupations with evidence of unpredictable and unstable scheduling practices that negatively affect employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on House Administration, Oversight and Government Reform, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BARRAGA´N (for herself, Mr. TURNER , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. NORTON , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Ms. M ENG, Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. L EE, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. CONYERS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. BACON , and Mr. P OCAN ): H.R. 2943. A bill to provide grants for projects to acquire land and water for parks and other outdoor recreation purposes and to develop new or renovate existing outdoor recreation facilities; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. COHEN , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. E VANS , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSONof Connecticut, Ms. L EE, Mr. T ED LIEUof California, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. MATSUI , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. MOULTON , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. NORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. POCAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. R USH, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. SIRES, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON  of California, Mr. VARGAS , Mr. WELCH , Mr. V ELA, Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mrs. D INGELL , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. KHANNA , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. MCNERNEY ): H.R. 2944. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for inState tuition rates for refugees and asylees; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 2945. A bill to grant Members of Congress the right to carry a firearm anywhere in the United States, except in the United States Capitol; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LAMALFA (for himself and Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida): H.R. 2946. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on heavy trucks and trailers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 2947. A bill to replace certain Coastal Barrier Resources System maps; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Mrs. BEATTY , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. POLIQUIN ): H.R. 2948. A bill to amend the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to provide a temporary license for loan originators transitioning between employers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina (for himself and Mr. BYRNE ): H.R. 2949. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to authorize borrowers to separate joint consolidation loans; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 2950. A bill to amend section 200303 of title 54, United States Code, to ensure that amounts are made available for projects to provide recreational public access, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 2951. A bill to allow Members of Congress to carry a concealed handgun anywhere in the United States, with exceptions; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on House Administration, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. LEE, Ms. M OORE , Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. LANGEVIN ): H.R. 2952. A bill to support the establishment or expansion and operation of programs using a network of public and private community entities to provide mentoring for children in foster care; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. J OHNSON  of Ohio, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. TIPTON , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. HARRIS , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. BERA, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. BUCSHON , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. C ARTERof Georgia, and Mr. S WALWELL of California): H.R. 2953. A bill to amend the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 respecting the scoring of preventive health savings; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. EMMER (for himself and Mr. LUETKEMEYER ): H.R. 2954. A bill to amend the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 to specify which depository institutions are subject to the maintenance of records and disclosure requirements of such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 2955. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to permit the installation of pulsating light systems for high mounted stop lamps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOHMERT (for himself, Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. JONES , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. O LSON , Mr. HARPER , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. PALAZZO ): H.R. 2956. A bill to provide for parental notification and intervention in the case of an unemancipated minor seeking an abortion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for himself and Mr. LOEBSACK ): H.R. 2957. A bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for 
enhanced payments to rural health care providers under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Ms. L EE, Mr. QUIGLEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. E LLISON, and Mrs. N APOLITANO ): H.R. 2958. A bill to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and protect the climate; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 2959. A bill to amend title XXI of the Social Security Act to allow for parent mentors to be eligible to receive outreach and enrollment grants under the Children’s Health Insurance Program under such title, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. NADLER , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mrs. DAVIS of California): H.R. 2960. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to establish and carry out a grant program to make grants to eligible institutions to plan and implement programs that provide comprehensive support services and resources designed to increase transfer and graduation rates at community colleges, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. NORCROSS (for himself, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, and Mrs. DAVIS of California): H.R. 2961. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to improve remedial education programs that train students in the competencies needed to succeed in higher education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 2962. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to prohibiting the use of electronic cigarettes on passenger flights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself and Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia): H.R. 2963. A bill to amend the Federal Home Loan Bank Act to provide investment authority to support rural infrastructure development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 2964. A bill to amend the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2007 to stop a scheduled increase in the minimum wage applicable to American Samoa and to provide that any future increases in such minimum wage shall be determined by the Secretary of Labor; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 2965. A bill to require all gas stations offering selfservice to meet certain accessibility standards for individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 2966. A bill to lift the trade embargo on Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce, the Judiciary, Agriculture, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mr. POCAN , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H.R. 2967. A bill to amend the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 to establish a grant program to appoint nutrition coordinators to oversee local school nutrition policies in local educational agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. MOULTON ): H.R. 2968. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to direct the Secretary of Education to provide each borrower with an individualized repayment guide; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself and Mr. SCHNEIDER ): H.R. 2969. A bill to amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to allow the Federal Government to lease or sell abandoned or unused Federal civilian real properties for use as makerspaces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. VELA, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. LANCE , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. L ANGEVIN ): H.R. 2970. A bill to amend section 428K(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to include certain cultural workers, museum professionals, artistic professionals, arts and humanities professors, and music and arts educators among the individuals eligible for loan forgiveness for service in areas of national need; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. ENGEL , and Mr. S CHWEIKERT ): H. Res. 393. A resolution expressing support for addressing the ArabIsraeli conflict in a concurrent track with the IsraeliPalestinian peace process and commending Arab and Muslimmajority states that have improved bilateral relations with Israel; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself and Mr. COOK): H. Res. 394. A resolution supporting international academic freedom and American universities abroad; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. BERA, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. HULTGREN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. K APTUR, Mr. K EATING , Mr. K IND, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. LYNCH , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. NORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. POCAN , Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. SCHNEIDER , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. SIRES, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. SOTO, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. TORRES , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. BEYER , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. KHANNA , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. T SONGAS, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mrs. D AVIS of California): H. Res. 395. A resolution reaffirming the leadership of the United States in promoting the safety, health, and wellbeing of refugees and displaced persons; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York introduced a bill (H.R. 2971) for the relief of Martin Martinez; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. WESTERMAN: H.R. 2936. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Mr. LAHOOD: H.R. 2937. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 2938. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII, Clause I By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 2939. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 2940. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution & the 2nd Amendment to the Bill of Rights By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 2941. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 2942. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution and Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. BARRAGA´N: H.R. 2943. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ 
Article I, Section 8: ‘‘To make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces.’’ By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 2944. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or office thereof. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 2945. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution that states that Congress shall have Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States . . .’’ The Second Amendment to the United States Constitution which states that ‘‘A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.’’ By Mr. LAMALFA: H.R. 2946. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8, Clause 1, of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 2947. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 2948. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 2949. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: As described in Article 1, Section 1, ‘‘all legislative powers herin granted shall be vested in a Congrss of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution provides Congress with the authority to ‘‘provide for the common Defense and general Welfare’’ of Americans. In the Department of Education Organization (P.L. 96–88), Congress declared that ‘‘the establishment of a Department of Education is in hte public interest, will promote the general welfare of the United States, and will enable the Federal Government to coordinate its education activities more effectively.’’ The Department of Education’s mission is to ‘‘promote student achievement and preparation for global competitiveness by fostering educational excellence and ensuring equal access.’’ By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 2950. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have the power to . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or officer thereof. By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 2951. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Amendment 2: A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. Article 1, Section 5–2: Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for disorderly Behaviour, and, with the Concurrence of two thirds, expel a Member. By Ms. BASS: H.R. 2952. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 allows Congress to make all laws ‘‘which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution’’ any ‘‘other’’ powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 2953. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 2954. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 2955. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 2956. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power . . . to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: H.R. 2957. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Welfare) and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (Commerce) of the Constitution. The bill makes several changes to the way hospitals are regulated by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). This includes transaction between hospitals, CMS, and third parties, which constitutes commerce. Further, Medicare is considered to be constitutional as part of providing for the general welfare and therefore any changes to Medicare would fall under this provision as well. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 2958. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the Constitution Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 of the Constitution By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 2959. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 2960. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 2961. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 2962. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 2963. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes:’’ as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 2964. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 2965. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 2966. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power . . . ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations . . . ‘‘ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power . . . ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers ...  ’ ’  By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 2967. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 2968. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 2969. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article l section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 2970. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 2971. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. LOWENTHAL , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 91: Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 93: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 149: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. TAKANO , Mr. E VANS , and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 291: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 299: Mr. DENT. H.R. 303: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 313: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 350: Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 351: Mr. JONES . H.R. 361: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 365: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa and Mr. L AMBORN . H.R. 367: Mr. DEFAZIO and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 398: Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. T URNER , and Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 435: Mr. CRIST, Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 442: Mr. JONES . H.R. 468: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida and Mr. SIRES. H.R. 490: Mr. THORNBERRY , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. LONG. H.R. 495: Mr. SMITH of Texas and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 535: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. TITUS, and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 545: Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. HUIZENGA . H.R. 632: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 664: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 671: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 719: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 721: Mr. VARGAS , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. DUNN. H.R. 747: Mr. REED, Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 750: Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Miss G ONZA´LEZ COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. ZELDIN , and Mr. S EANPATRICK  MALONEY of New York. H.R. 801: Mr. O’HALLERAN and Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 807: Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. S CHNEIDER , and Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 820: Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. C LAY, and Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 828: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 830: Mr. CHABOT and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 846: Mr. CARTER of Texas, Mr. L YNCH , and Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 848: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 849: Mr. TIBERI , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. VELA, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. MACARTHUR , and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 860: Mr. CRAMER and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 866: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 873: Mrs. HARTZLER , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, and Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 880: Mr. SENSENBRENNER and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 895: Mr. BIGGS. H.R. 911: Ms. GABBARD and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 927: Ms. LOFGREN , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 959: Mr. FASO and Mr. R UPPERS BERGER . H.R. 960: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 997: Mr. HARPER , Mr. C ARTER of Geor gia, and Mr. YOHO. H.R. 1002: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 1006: Mr. SCHIFF and Mr. S CHNEIDER . H.R. 1017: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. CLAY, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. DELANEY , and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 1057: Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 1078: Mrs. LOVEand Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 1090: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 1092: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 1094: Mr. FOSTER , Ms. L EE, Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. RUSH, and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 1114: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1120: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 1133: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 1136: Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. G AETZ , and Mr. NUNES . H.R. 1146: Mr. CONYERS , Mr. E VANS , and Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 1148: Mr. STEWART . H.R. 1156: Mr. CORREA . H.R. 1158: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1160: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 1163: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 1164: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 1190: Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 1212: Mr. ADERHOLT . H.R. 1247: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska and Mr. KATKO . H.R. 1267: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 1279: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 1291: Mr. KIHUEN and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 1298: Mr. AMODEI and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1316: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 1322: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 1334: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. H.R. 1358: Mr. LARSEN of Washington and Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 1361: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. YODER , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 1392: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 1406: Mr. SCHWEIKERT and Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD . H.R. 1437: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 1444: Mr. KILMER and Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 1456: Mr. DENHAM and Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 1457: Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 1472: Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. V ELA, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash ington, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 1474: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 1487: Mr. PANETTA , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. HASTINGS , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 1528: Mr. COOK. H.R. 1537: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. KINGof Iowa, and Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 1542: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1555: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 1566: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 1614: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1626: Mr. EVANS , Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 1639: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 1651: Mr. LOBIONDO and Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 1652: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 1661: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 1666: Mr. SANFORD and Mr. A MASH . H.R. 1669: Mr. COLEand Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 1676: Mr. GARAMENDI , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn sylvania, and Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 1686: Mr. TIBERI . H.R. 1722: Mr. AMODEI , Mr. F RANKS of Ari zona, and Mr. WOMACK . H.R. 1739: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 1741: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 1802: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 1815: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 1833: Mr. RICHMOND and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 1838: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 1861: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. H.R. 1865: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 1874: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1881: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 1889: Mr. COHEN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 1898: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 1899: Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 1904: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1911: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania and Ms. MENG. H.R. 1928: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1953: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 1960: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 1997: Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mrs. LOWEY , and Mr. R USH. H.R. 2000: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2001: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2023: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 2073: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 2077: Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. HARPER . H.R. 2091: Mr. KATKO , Mr. M ESSER , and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2092: Mr. KINZINGER , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. GOODLATTE , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 2101: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 2121: Mr. BARR, Ms. S INEMA , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. G OTTHEIMER . H.R. 2134: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 2142: Mr. BUCHANAN . H.R. 2149: Mrs. NOEMand Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 2151: Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 2158: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 2181: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 2197: Ms. MENG. H.R. 2248: Ms. MCCOLLUM and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 2272: Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 2276: Mr. SHUSTER , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. YODER . H.R. 2286: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 2307: Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 2308: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2315: Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. BURGESS , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. GOWDY . H.R. 2319: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 2327: Ms. BORDALLO and Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 2340: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 2351: Ms. PLASKETT . H.R. 2358: Mr. KIHUEN and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 2359: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 2383: Mr. COMER and Mr. K INGof Iowa. H.R. 2392: Mr. HIGGINS of New York and Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 2437: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 2460: Mr. ISSA. H.R. 2478: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. B ACON , Mr. YODER , and Mr. W ESTERMAN . H.R. 2484: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 2499: Ms. WILSON of Florida and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 2505: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 2514: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 2515: Mr. DEUTCH , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2526: Mr. LAWSON of Florida and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2539: Mrs. LOWEY and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 2545: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. H ECK, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. MOORE . H.R. 2578: Mr. RYAN of Ohio and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 2584: Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. UPTON , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. DEUTCH , and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2589: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2594: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 2620: Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 2628: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 2657: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 2659: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN and Mr. CICILLINE . 
H.R. 2661: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 2663: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. M EEHAN, and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2670: Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 2676: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia and Mr. COHEN . H.R. 2677: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 2678: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 2688: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 2715: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. RASKIN , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2723: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. H ENSARLING . H.R. 2740: Mr. BEYER , Ms. M ENG, Mr. COHEN , Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. NADLER , and Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2742: Ms. BASS, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mrs. LAWRENCE , and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2747: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 2756: Mr. POCAN , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N of New Mexico, Ms. KAPTUR , and Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN . H.R. 2763: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 2771: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 2777: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 2790: Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. H IMES, Mr. SOTO, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 2797: Mr. O’HALLERAN and Mr. H ARPER. H.R. 2822: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 2826: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 2834: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas and Mr. KILMER . H.R. 2840: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 2842: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 2845: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 2851: Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 2854: Mr. LEVIN, Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 2858: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 2870: Mr. TROTT . H.R. 2877: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 2878: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 2881: Mr. LONG. H.R. 2886: Ms. NORTON , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. SIRES. H.R. 2908: Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. FOSTER , Mr. R USH, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Ms. H ANABUSA . H.R. 2909: Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. POSEY , Mr. B RAT, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. BABIN, and Mr. D ESJARLAIS . H.R. 2911: Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. C UELLAR , Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 2918: Mr. MESSER and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 2924: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 2930: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.J. Res. 33: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.J. Res. 51: Mr. TIBERI , Mr. V ELA, Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. DENT. H. Con. Res. 37: Mr. JONES . H. Con. Res. 45: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H. Con. Res. 57: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. SHIMKUS , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. H. Con. Res. 59: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H. Con. Res. 63: Ms. PLASKETT and Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H. Res. 15: Mr. BERA, Mrs. D EMINGS , and Mr. MARSHALL . H. Res. 30: Mr. KATKO . H. Res. 129: Mr. FOSTER and Mr. T URNER . H. Res. 185: Mr. KINZINGER , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. S IRES, Mr. W EBSTER  of Florida, Mr. ZELDIN , and Mr. Y OHO. H. Res. 188: Mr. POLIS. H. Res. 218: Mr. BURGESS . H. Res. 220: Ms. MENG, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mr. DEUTCH . H. Res. 252: Mr. PALLONE , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. CLAY, and Mr. H ULTGREN . H. Res. 257: Ms. MOORE . H. Res. 276: Ms. MENG, Mr. F OSTER , and Ms. GRANGER . H. Res. 313: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H. Res. 317: Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. RASKIN . H. Res. 318: Mrs. NOEM. H. Res. 319: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H. Res. 332: Mr. HUFFMAN . H. Res. 351: Mr. ELLISON . H. Res. 359: Ms. MENG, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. HASTINGS , and Mr. F OSTER . H. Res. 390: Mr. RUIZ, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. NEAL, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. S IRES, Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. JEFFRIES . CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BY MR. BRADY OF TEXAS  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 2742, the Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BY MR. BRADY OF TEXAS  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 2834, the Partnership Grants to Strengthen Families Affected by Parental Substance Abuse Act, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BY MR. BRADY OF TEXAS  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 2847, the Improving Services for Older Youth in Foster Care Act, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BY MR. BRADY OF TEXAS  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 2857, the Supporting Families in Substance Abuse Treatment Act, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BY MR. BRADY OF TEXAS  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 2866, the Reducing Barriers for Relative Foster Parents Act, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Representative LAMALFA , or a designee, to H.R. 1654 does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3615 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 20, 2017 No. 105 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 