Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank the community of El Campo, Texas. Recently, while surveying crop dam-age from Hurricane Harvey in and around El Campo, two members of my staff and one USDA staffer were in-volved in a serious car accident. They were immediately transported to El Campo Memorial Hospital, where they received exemplary care and were later discharged. As the stories from the day later unfolded, I was struck by the out-pouring of kindness and generosity of the many farmers, ranchers, and com-munity members of El Campo. This is a town and a community that is still recovering in the wake of Hurri-cane Harvey—a community that has suffered tremendous losses over the past month. Yet, without a second thought, area farmers and ranchers lined up in the hospital waiting room offering spare bedrooms, meals, and transportation for my staff. These were producers who, in some cases, had never met my team, but who felt compelled to lend a hand to those in need. America is hurting right now. Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, and Maria have wreaked havoc in States and cities across our Nation; and the good citi-zens of Las Vegas are dealing with an-other disaster of a different making. Nevertheless, folks are hurting there as well. We need look no further than the compassion of those bighearted farm-ers, ranchers, and first responders of El Campo, Texas, to understand America’s strength and resolve. They make Texas strong. They make America strong. To-gether, we will get through all of our challenges. May God continue to bless Texas, and may God bless the United States of America. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 2 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ROEof Tennessee) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Almighty God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We pray for the gift of wisdom to all with great responsibility in this peo-ple’s House for the leadership of our Nation. Lord, once again, our Nation reels in grief and horror after yet another mass shooting on our soil. We ask Your blessing upon us all, but most espe-cially on those who mourn the loss of their loved ones. Have mercy on all Your children who died. The debates will, once again, ensue. Speed us to the day when the wisdom of Solomon might inspire our congres-sional Members beyond the limitations of sound bites and platitudes before more and more American citizens are deprived of their lives. Lord, the suffering of our world is all around us. Stimulate our hearts and minds so that everything we may do this day would be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC7.000 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7640 October 2, 2017 
WILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
SOUTH CAROLINA GUARD EFFORTS IN PUERTO RICO (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, our thoughts and prayers are with the families impacted by the mas-sacre in Las Vegas. We are blessed with courageous law enforcement. I am extremely grateful to the South Carolina National Guard for sending nearly 150 engineer soldiers to assist Puerto Rico in relief efforts after Hur-ricane Maria. This was a devastating storm for the people of Puerto Rico, and they have been in our thoughts and prayers each and every day. These dedicated soldiers are part of a multi-State engineer task force with North Carolina, Louisiana, and New York Army National Guards. They will be assisting in clearing roads, debris, and working to reach areas that have been deemed unreachable due to the storm. They will also work on restor-ing infrastructure. As a veteran of the South Carolina Army National Guard and the father of three sons who have served in the Guard, I am grateful that our State is able to assist the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico in their time of need. On my visits to San Juan, I have been very impressed by its dynamic citizens. I am very appreciative of the leader-ship of South Carolina Adjutant Gen-eral Robert Livingston, the experi-enced South Carolina Army National Guard members, as well as the leader-ship of Governor Henry McMaster. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forgot September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
ALL THINGS HAVE THEIR TIME (Mr. AL GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, our Nation is in mourning. Many hearts are bleeding. Mr. Speaker, there is much suffering. Lives have been lost in a senseless and needless manner in Las Vegas. Mr. Speaker, there is a right time for all things. This is a time for our Nation to mourn and for hearts to heal. Mr. Speaker, I announce that im-peachment is postponed. Let us mourn, and let us heal. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 29, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on September 29, 2017, at 9:53 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 770. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 2519. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2582 authorizes the Bureau of Land Management to process the State of Utah’s land claims with-out amending existing planning docu-ments. The Utah State Enabling Act of 1894 authorized the State of Utah to select certain lands to support schools and other public purposes. Approximately 2,000 acres of authorized grants are un-filled. In 1998, the State started the applica-tion to acquire 440 acres of land in Utah County, Utah, to support Utah State University. BLM eventually re-jected the application because the lands are identified for disposal by ex-change, which only allows BLM to con-vey the land under certain conditions. This bill allows the agency to process these specific claims without updating the underlying planning documents, something that would take a signifi-cant amount of time and money. BLM testified in support of this legislation but requested an amendment to clarify that the lands will be used for Utah State University and the addition of a legislative map. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE), the State of Utah, and the Re-publican Committee staff for working with us to address these concerns. Thanks to their consideration, we were able to amend this bill in markup to address these concerns. There are many fights over public lands in this country, but this does not have to be one of them. Mr. Speaker, I support the bill and urge its adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE). Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues from both sides of the aisle for supporting this legislation. More than 120 years ago, the Utah Enabling Act, which enabled my State—now the greatest State in the country—to be admitted into the Union, was approved. This granted Utah the right to select acreage to sup-port various public institutions, in-cluding public schools and universities. Now, 123 years later, much of the acre-age made available for State selection remains outstanding. The BLM’s Pony Express Resource Management Plan governs manage-ment practices for public lands in Utah’s Tooele, Utah, and Salt Lake Counties. It has identified thousands of acres within the plan’s area as avail-able for disposal. The State can pres-ently obtain these lands via land ex-change. However, the resource manage-ment plan does not explicitly state that these lands can be obtained using the unfulfilled land credits granted by the Utah Enabling Act. b1730 My bill, the Confirming State Land Grants for Education Act, would sim-ply amend the Pony Express RMP to allow the State of Utah to use out-standing land grant credits to obtain lands within the limited area of RMP that already has been identified avail-able for disposal. This solution would satisfy both the State and Federal Government and help to keep the promises made to the State of Utah for more than 120 years. More importantly, it would ultimately raise funds for the benefit of Utah stu-dents by allowing Utah’s School and Institutional Trust Lands Administra-tion, SITLA, to manage these lands for the benefit of students. As Utah finds more ways to fund public schools and public education, this bill helps provide much-needed resources. Notably, the passage of H.R. 2582 would not convey any land on its own. Existing conveyance processes would still apply. Additionally, my bill does not dictate land use policies once the land is con-veyed. As a former mayor, I respect the State and local officials and processes, and I certainly have no desire to super-sede them. My bill is merely meant to facilitate the process that enables con-veyance through the use of available selection credits. It was voted out of committee by unanimous consent, and I urge this body to show similar sup-port today. Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I would just remind the gentlewoman from Utah that the only reason that she can suggest that Utah is the greatest State in the Nation is because Virginia is a Commonwealth. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, being from the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2582, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.015 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7645 October 2, 2017 
COMMUNITY RECLAMATION PARTNERSHIPS ACT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2937) to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to authorize partnerships between States and non-governmental entities for the purpose of reclaiming and restoring land and water resources adversely affected by coal mining activities before August 3, 1977, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2937 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Community Reclamation Partnerships Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCE. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided, whenever in this Act an amendment is ex-pressed in terms of an amendment to a provi-sion, the reference shall be considered to be made to a provision of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1201 et seq.). 
SEC. 3. STATE MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING FOR CERTAIN REMEDIATION. 
(a) M EMORANDA AUTHORIZED .—Section 405 (30 U.S.C. 1235) is amended by inserting after subsection (l) the following: ‘‘(m) S
TATE MEMORANDA OF UNDER -
STANDING FOR REMEDIATION OF MINEDRAIN-
AGE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A State with a State program approved under subsection (d) may enter into a memorandum of understanding with relevant Federal or State agencies (or both) to remediate mine drainage on aban-doned mine land and water impacted by abandoned mines within the State. The memorandum may be updated as necessary and resubmitted for approval under this sub-section. ‘‘(2) M
EMORANDA REQUIREMENTS .—Such memorandum shall establish a strategy sat-isfactory to the State and Federal agencies that are parties to the memorandum, to ad-dress water pollution resulting from mine drainage at sites eligible for reclamation and mine drainage abatement expenditures under section 404, including specific procedures for— ‘‘(A) ensuring that activities carried out to address mine drainage will result in im-proved water quality; ‘‘(B) monitoring, sampling, and the report-ing of collected information as necessary to achieve the condition required under sub-paragraph (A); ‘‘(C) operation and maintenance of treat-ment systems as necessary to achieve the condition required under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(D) other purposes, as considered nec-essary by the State or Federal agencies, to achieve the condition required under sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC REVIEW AND COMMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before submitting a memorandum to the Secretary and the Ad-ministrator for approval, a State shall— ‘‘(i) invite interested members of the pub-lic to comment on the memorandum; and ‘‘(ii) hold at least one public meeting con-cerning the memorandum in a location or lo-cations reasonably accessible to persons who may be affected by implementation of the memorandum. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF MEETING .—The State shall publish notice of each meeting not less than 15 days before the date of the meeting, in local newspapers of general circulation, on the Internet, and by any other means consid-ered necessary or desirable by the Secretary and the Administrator. ‘‘(4) SUBMISSION AND APPROVAL .—The State shall submit the memorandum to the Sec-retary and the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency for approval. The Secretary and the Administrator shall ap-prove or disapprove the memorandum within 120 days after the date of its submission if the Secretary and Administrator find that the memorandum will facilitate additional activities under the State Reclamation Plan under subsection (e) that improve water quality. ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT AS PART OF STATE PLAN .— A memorandum of a State that is approved by the Secretary and the Administrator under this subsection shall be considered part of the approved abandoned mine rec-lamation plan of the State. ‘‘(n) C
OMMUNITY RECLAIMER PARTNER -
SHIPS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROJECT APPROVAL .—Within 120 days after receiving such a submission, the Sec-retary shall approve a Community Re-claimer project to remediate abandoned mine lands if the Secretary finds that— ‘‘(A) the proposed project will be conducted by a Community Reclaimer as defined in this subsection or approved subcontractors of the Community Reclaimer; ‘‘(B) for any proposed project that remedi-ates mine drainage, the proposed project is consistent with an approved State memo-randum of understanding under subsection (m); ‘‘(C) the proposed project will be conducted on a site or sites inventoried under section 403(c); ‘‘(D) the proposed project meets all submis-sion criteria under paragraph (2); ‘‘(E) the relevant State has entered into an agreement with the Community Reclaimer under which the State shall assume all re-sponsibility with respect to the project for any costs or damages resulting from any ac-tion or inaction on the part of the Commu-nity Reclaimer in carrying out the project, except for costs or damages resulting from gross negligence or intentional misconduct by the Community Reclaimer, on behalf of— ‘‘(i) the Community Reclaimer; and ‘‘(ii) the owner of the proposed project site, if such Community Reclaimer or owner, re-spectively, did not participate in any way in the creation of site conditions at the pro-posed project site or activities that caused any lands or waters to become eligible for reclamation or drainage abatement expendi-tures under section 404; ‘‘(F) the State has the necessary legal au-thority to conduct the project and will ob-tain all legally required authorizations, per-mits, licenses, and other approvals to ensure completion of the project; ‘‘(G) the State has sufficient financial re-sources to ensure completion of the project, including any necessary operation and main-tenance costs (including costs associated with emergency actions covered by a contin-gency plan under paragraph (2)(K)); and ‘‘(H) the proposed project is not in a cat-egory of projects that would require a permit under title V. ‘‘(2) P
ROJECT SUBMISSION .—The State shall submit a request for approval to the Sec-retary that shall include— ‘‘(A) a description of the proposed project, including any engineering plans that must bear the seal of a Professional Engineer; ‘‘(B) a description of the proposed project site or sites, including, if relevant, the na-ture and extent of pollution resulting from mine drainage; ‘‘(C) identification of the past and current owners and operators of the proposed project site; ‘‘(D) the agreement or contract between the relevant State and the Community Re-claimer to carry out the project; ‘‘(E) a determination that the project will facilitate the activities of the State reclama-tion plan under subsection (e); ‘‘(F) sufficient information to determine whether the Community Reclaimer has the technical capability and expertise to suc-cessfully conduct the proposed project; ‘‘(G) a cost estimate for the project and evidence that the Community Reclaimer has sufficient financial resources to ensure the successful completion of the proposed project (including any operation or mainte-nance costs); ‘‘(H) a schedule for completion of the project; ‘‘(I) an agreement between the Community Reclaimer and the current owner of the site governing access to the site; ‘‘(J) sufficient information to ensure that the Community Reclaimer meets the defini-tion under paragraph (3); ‘‘(K) a contingency plan designed to be used in response to unplanned adverse events that includes emergency actions, response, and notifications; and ‘‘(L) a requirement that the State provide notice to adjacent and downstream land-owners and the public and hold a public meeting near the proposed project site before the project is initiated. ‘‘(3) COMMUNITY RECLAIMER DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘Commu-nity Reclaimer’ means any person who— ‘‘(A) seeks to voluntarily assist a State with a reclamation project under this sec-tion; ‘‘(B) did not participate in any way in the creation of site conditions at the proposed project site or activities that caused any lands or waters to become eligible for rec-lamation or drainage abatement expendi-tures under section 404; ‘‘(C) is not a past or current owner or oper-ator of any site with ongoing reclamation obligations; and ‘‘(D) is not subject to outstanding viola-tions listed pursuant to section 510(c).’’. 
SEC. 4. CLARIFYING STATE LIABILITY FOR MINE DRAINAGE PROJECTS. 
Section 413(d) (30 U.S.C. 1242(d)) is amended in the second sentence by inserting ‘‘unless such control or treatment will be conducted in accordance with a State memorandum of understanding approved under section 405(m) of this Act’’ after ‘‘Control Act’’ the second place it appears. 
SEC. 5. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
Section 405(f) (30 U.S.C. 1235(f)) is amend-ed— (1) by striking the ‘‘and’’ after the semi-colon in paragraph (6); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (7) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(8) a list of projects proposed under sub-section (n).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. M
CEACHIN ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.018 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7646 October 2, 2017 
legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I thank leadership for allowing H.R. 2937 to come to the floor. This legislation, introduced by my friend from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD), will help address the challenge of aban-doned coal mines present in many af-fected communities across the Nation. The Community Reclamation Part-nerships Act enables States to partner with Good Samaritan entities to re-claim abandoned mine sites and facili-tate acid mine drainage cleanup. H.R. 2937 creates more opportunities to ad-dress this challenge. Mr. Speaker, representing the Penn-sylvania Fifth Congressional District, just to note, my congressional district has more abandoned mine sites than any congressional district in the coun-try, so I am very grateful for the lead-ership that Mr. L
AHOODhas shown in bringing H.R. 2937 forward. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2937, introduced by Representative L
AHOOD, is a step for-ward for communities looking to ad-dress abandoned coal mines in their backyards by partnering with Good Sa-maritans seeking to help. The Commonwealth of Virginia, my home State, estimates that it will need over $400 million to clean up all of its remaining abandoned coal mines and, while this bill is no substitute for a long-term reauthorization of the Aban-doned Mine Land fund, every little bit helps. Each project funded by a Good Sa-maritan through this bill will help one more community make their economy stronger and their environment healthier. A hearing on a discussion draft of this bill brought a number of problem-atic issues to light, but I greatly appre-ciate the willingness of the bill’s spon-sor and the majority staff of the Nat-ural Resources Committee to reach across the aisle and work with us on a bipartisan agreement that was able to achieve unanimous consent in the Nat-ural Resources Committee. I thank the sponsor for his diligent and collaborative work on this bill, and I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 2937. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD). Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman T
HOMPSON and the ranking member for helping to bring this bill, in a bipartisan way, to the floor. I appreciate your support on H.R. 2937. This legislation will help address the complex legal and funding-related chal-lenges for abandoned mine lands across the Nation. The Community Reclamation Part-nerships Act amends the Surface Min-ing Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to enable States to partner with nongovernmental entities to reclaim abandoned mine sites and facilitate acid mine drainage cleanup across the country. Nongovernmental entities, like Trout Unlimited, have recognized the need for reclamation in coal communities and are willing to contribute their re-sources and expertise to address the problem. Unfortunately, liability and regulatory concerns have discouraged them from participating and partnering with the States on reclama-tion projects. This legislation enables nongovernmental entities’ participa-tion in State reclamation programs by minimizing undeserved liability and codifying proven practices established by the State reclamation agencies. This legislation also addresses a fre-quent problem that States experience in addressing water pollution at aban-doned mine land sites. States must choose between risking noncompliance under the Clean Water Act or foregoing acid mine drainage abatement projects altogether. Some States, like Pennsyl-vania, have successfully addressed this problem by establishing their own guidelines for the treatment of water pollution at abandoned mine land sites. These State-specific strategies have re-sulted in successful water treatment projects and a significant reduction in acid mine drainage in several States. We want to replicate that across the country with this legislation. Currently, State reclamation activi-ties have been funded solely by fees levied on the coal industry over the past four decades. These fees have re-sulted in reclamation of approximately $4 billion of abandoned mine land li-abilities. However, according to the De-partment of the Interior, the estimated remediation costs exceeds $10 billion across the country. The outstanding abandoned mine land liabilities in Illinois, my home State, is $156 million; and in my dis-trict, the 18th Congressional District, it is $17 million. The cost of reclaiming these sites will continue to strain State resources in the coming decades, and the conditions of these sites will only worsen over time. In short, this bill empowers State and local community leaders who want to assist in abandoned mine cleanup ef-forts so that future development can occur in these areas. No group should be punished for wanting to help out their local community in a responsible way. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2937 brings more resources to bear on this considerable challenge, and I urge adoption of this bipartisan measure. Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I would just ask my col-leagues to support this piece of legisla-tion. I am very appreciative to the au-thor of this bill for his leadership. Hav-ing a congressional district that has significant presence of abandoned mine lands, I know that the authorities and the protections he is seeking here will be good for all, for the communities, for the environment, and for the econ-omy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2937. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GUIDES AND OUTFITTERS ACT Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 289) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture to issue permits for recreation services on lands managed by Federal agencies, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 289 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS; DEFINITIONS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Guides and Outfitters Act’’ or the ‘‘GO Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents; defini-tions. Sec. 2. Special recreation permit and fee. Sec. 3. Permit across multiple jurisdictions. Sec. 4. Guidelines and permit fee calcula-tion. Sec. 5. Use of permit fees for permit admin-istration. Sec. 6. Adjustment to permit use reviews. Sec. 7. Authorization of temporary permits for new uses for the Forest Service and BLM. Sec. 8. Indemnification requirements. Sec. 9. Streamlining of permitting process. Sec. 10. Cost recovery reform. Sec. 11. Extension of Forest Service recre-ation priority use permits. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act: (1) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means— (A) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-spect to a Federal land management agency (other than the Forest Service); and (B) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-spect to the Forest Service. (2) S
ECRETARIES .—The term ‘‘Secretaries’’ means the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture acting jointly. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.019 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7647 October 2, 2017 
SEC. 2. SPECIAL RECREATION PERMIT AND FEE. 
Subsection (h) of section 803 of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6802) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RECREATION PERMIT AND  F
EE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may— ‘‘(A) issue a special recreation permit for Federal recreational lands and waters; and ‘‘(B) charge a special recreation permit fee in connection with the issuance of the per-mit. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RECREATION PERMITS .—The Secretary may issue special recreation per-mits in the following circumstances: ‘‘(A) For specialized individual and group use of Federal facilities and Federal rec-reational lands and waters, such as, but not limited to, use of special areas or areas where use is allocated, motorized rec-reational vehicle use, and group activities or events. ‘‘(B) To recreation service providers who conduct outfitting, guiding, and other recre-ation services on Federal recreational lands and waters managed by the Forest Service, Bureau of Land Management, Bureau of Rec-lamation, or the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. ‘‘(C) To recreation service providers who conduct recreation or competitive events, which may involve incidental sales on Fed-eral recreational lands and waters managed by the Forest Service, Bureau of Land Man-agement, Bureau of Reclamation, or the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. ‘‘(3) R
EDUCTION IN FEDERAL COSTS AND DU -
PLICATION OF ANALYSIS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The issuance of a new special recreation permit for activities under paragraph (2) shall be categorically excluded from further analysis and documentation under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), if the pro-posed use is the same as or similar to a pre-viously authorized use and the Secretary de-termines that such issuance does not have significant environmental effects based upon application of the extraordinary cir-cumstances procedures established by the Secretary under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). ‘‘(B) D
EFINITION .—For the purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘similar’ means— ‘‘(i) substantially similar in type, nature, and scope; and ‘‘(ii) will not result in significant new im-pacts. ‘‘(4) R
ELATION TO FEES FOR USE OF HIGH -
WAYS OR ROADS .—An entity that pays a spe-cial recreation permit fee shall not be sub-ject to a road cost-sharing fee or a fee for the use of highways or roads that are open to private, noncommercial use within the boundaries of any Federal recreational lands or waters, as authorized under section 6 of Public Law 88–657 (16 U.S.C. 537).’’. 
SEC. 3. PERMIT ACROSS MULTIPLE JURISDIC-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an activity requiring permits pursuant to subsection (h) of section 803 of the Federal Lands Recre-ation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6802) for use of lands managed by both the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Manage-ment— (1) the Secretaries may issue a joint permit based upon a single application to both agen-cies when issuance of a joint permit based upon a single application will lower proc-essing and other administration costs for the permittee, provided that the permit appli-cant shall have the option to apply for sepa-rate permits rather than a joint permit; and (2) the permit application required under paragraph (1) shall be— (A) the application required by the lead agency; and (B) submitted to the lead agency. (b) REQUIREMENTS OF THE LEADAGENCY .— The lead agency for a permit under sub-section (a) shall— (1) coordinate with the associated agencies, consistent with the authority of the Secre-taries under section 330 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2001 (43 U.S.C. 1703), to develop and issue the single, joint permit that covers the entirety of the trip; (2) in processing the joint permit applica-tion, incorporate the findings, interests, and needs of the associated agencies, provided that such coordination shall not be subject to cost recovery; and (3) complete the permitting process within a reasonable time after receiving the permit application. (c) E
FFECT ON REGULATIONS .—Nothing in this section shall alter, expand, or limit the applicability of any Federal law (including regulations) to lands administered by the relevant Federal agencies. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
SSOCIATED AGENCY .—The term ‘‘associ-ated agency’’ means an agency that manages the land on which the trip of the special recreation permit applicant will enter after leaving the land managed by the lead agen-cy. (2) L
EAD AGENCY .—The term ‘‘lead agency’’ means the agency that manages the land on which the trip of the special recreation per-mit applicant will begin. 
SEC. 4. GUIDELINES AND PERMIT FEE CALCULA-TION. 
(a) G UIDELINES AND EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN  R
EVENUES .—The Secretary shall— (1) publish guidelines in the Federal Reg-ister for establishing recreation permit fees; and (2) provide appropriate deductions from gross revenues used as the basis for the fees established under paragraph (1) for— (A) revenue from goods, services, and ac-tivities provided by a recreation service pro-vider outside Federal recreational lands and waters, such as costs for transportation, lodging, and other services before or after a trip; and (B) fees to be paid by permit holder under applicable law to provide services on other Federal lands, if separate permits are issued to that permit holder for a single event or trip. (b) F
EECONDITIONS .—The fee charged by the Secretary for a permit issued under sec-tion 803(h) of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6802(h)) shall not exceed 3 percent of the recreational serv-ice provider’s annual gross revenue for ac-tivities authorized by the permit on Federal lands, plus applicable revenue additions, minus applicable revenue exclusions or a similar flat per person fee. (c) D
ISCLOSURE OF FEES.—A holder of a spe-cial recreation permit may inform its cus-tomers of the various fees charged by the Secretary under section 803(h) of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6802(h)). 
SEC. 5. USE OF PERMIT FEES FOR PERMIT AD-MINISTRATION. 
(a) D EPOSITS .—Subject to subsection (b), revenues from special recreation permits issued to recreation service providers under subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 803(h)(2) of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhance-ment Act (16 U.S.C. 6802(h)(2)) shall be held in special accounts established for each spe-cific unit or area for which such revenues are collected, and shall remain available for ex-penditure, without further appropriation, until expended. (b) U
SE OF PERMIT FEES.—Revenues from special recreation permits issued to recre-ation service providers under subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 803(h)(2) of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6802(h)(2)) shall be used only— (1) to partially offset the Secretary’s direct cost of administering the permits; (2) to improve and streamline the permit-ting process; and (3) for related recreation infrastructure and other purposes specifically to support recreation activities at the specific site for which use is authorized under the permit, after obtaining input from any related per-mittees; provided, however, that the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq.) shall not apply to any advisory com-mittee or other group established to carry out this paragraph. (c) LIMITATION ON USE OF FEES.—The Sec- retary may not use any permit fees for bio-logical monitoring on Federal recreational lands and waters under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) for listed or candidate species. 
SEC. 6. ADJUSTMENT TO PERMIT USE REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To the extent that the Secretary utilizes permit use reviews, in re-viewing and adjusting allocations of use for permits for special uses of Federal rec-reational lands and waters managed by the Forest Service, and in renewing such per-mits, the Secretary of Agriculture shall allo-cate to a permit holder a level of use that is no less than the highest amount of actual annual use over the reviewed period plus 25 percent, capped at the amount of use allo-cated when the permit was issued unless ad-ditional capacity is available. The Secretary may assign any use remaining after adjust-ing allocations on a temporary basis to qualified permit holders. (b) W
AIVER .—Use reviews under subsection (a) may be waived for periods in which cir-cumstances that prevented use of assigned capacity, such as weather, fire, natural dis-asters, wildlife displacement, business inter-ruptions, insufficient availability of hunting and fishing licenses, or when allocations on permits include significant shoulder seasons. The authorizing office may approve non-use without reducing the number of service days assigned to the permit in such circumstances at the request of the permit holder. Ap-proved non-use may be temporarily assigned to other qualified permit holders when condi-tions warrant. 
SEC. 7. AUTHORIZATION OF TEMPORARY PER-MITS FOR NEW USES FOR THE FOR-EST SERVICE AND BLM. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior shall establish and implement a program to authorize temporary permits for new rec-reational uses of Federal recreational lands and waters managed by the Forest Service or the Bureau of Land Management, respec-tively, and to provide for the conversions of such temporary permits to long-term per-mits after 2 years of satisfactory operation. The issuance and conversion of such permits shall be subject to subsection (h)(3) of sec-tion 803 of the Federal Lands Recreation En-hancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6802). 
SEC. 8. INDEMNIFICATION REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NDEMNIFICATION .—A permit holder that is prohibited by the State from providing in-demnification to the Federal Government shall be considered to be in compliance with indemnification requirements of the Depart-ment of the Interior and the Department of Agriculture if the permit holder carries the required minimum amount of liability insur-ance coverage or is self-insured for the same minimum amount. (b) E
XCULPATORY AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary shall not implement, administer or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC7.017 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7648 October 2, 2017 
enforce any regulation or policy prohibiting the use of exculpatory agreements between recreation service providers and their cus-tomers for services provided under a special recreation permit. 
SEC. 9. STREAMLINING OF PERMITTING PROC-ESS. 
(a) R EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall revise part 251, subpart B, of title 36 Code of Fed-eral Regulations, and the Secretary of the Interior shall revise subpart 2932, of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations, to streamline the processes for the issuance and renewal of outfitter and guide special use permits. Such amended regulations shall— (1) shorten application processing times and minimize application and administra-tion costs; and (2) provide for the use of programmatic en-vironmental assessments and categorical ex-clusions for environmental reviews under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for the issuance or re-newal of outfitter and guide and similar recreation special use permits when the Sec-retary determines that such compliance is required, to the maximum extent allowable under applicable law, including, but not lim-ited to, use of a categorical exclusion as pro-vided under section 803(h)(3) of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6802(h)(3)). (b) O
NLINE APPLICATIONS .—To the max-imum extent practicable, where feasible and efficient, the Secretary shall make special recreation permit applications available to be filled out and submitted online. 
SEC. 10. COST RECOVERY REFORM. 
(a) R EGULATORY PROCESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall re-vise section 251.58 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations, and the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall revise section 2932.31(e) and (f) of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations, to re-duce costs and minimize the burden of cost recovery on small businesses and adverse im-pacts of cost recovery on jobs in the outfit-ting and guiding industry and on rural economies provided, however, that nothing in the revised regulations shall further limit the Secretary’s authority to issue or renew recreation special use permits. (b) D
EMINIMIS EXEMPTION .— (1) C
OST RECOVERY LIMITATION .—Any regu-lations issued by the Secretary of the Inte-rior or the Secretary of Agriculture to estab-lish fees to recover processing costs for recreation special use applications and moni-toring costs for recreation special use au-thorizations shall include an exemption pro-viding that at least the first 50 hours of work necessary in any one year to process and/or monitor such an application shall not be sub-ject to cost recovery. The application of a 50- hour credit per permit shall also apply to any monitoring fees on a per annum basis during the term of each permit. (2) A
PPLICATION OF EXEMPTION .—An exemp-tion under paragraph (1) shall apply to the processing of each recreation special use per-mit application and monitoring of each recreation special use authorization for which cost recovery is required, including any application or authorization requiring more than 50 hours (or such other greater number of hours specified for exemption) to process or monitor. In the event that the amount of work required to process such an application or monitor such an authorization exceeds the specified exemption, the amount of work for which cost recovery is required shall be reduced by the amount of the ex-emption. (3) M
ULTIPLE APPLICATIONS .—In situations involving multiple recreation special use ap-plications for similar services in the same unit or area that require more than 50 hours (or such other greater number of hours speci-fied for exemption) in the aggregate to proc-ess, the Secretary shall, regardless of wheth-er the applications are solicited or unsolic-ited and whether there is competitive inter-est— (A) determine the share of the aggregate amount to be allocated to each application, on an equal or prorated basis, as appropriate; and (B) for each application, apply a separate exemption of up to 50 hours (or such other greater number of hours specified for exemp-tion) to the share allocated to such applica-tion. (4) COST REDUCTION .—The agency proc-essing a recreation special use application shall utilize existing studies and analysis to the greatest extent practicable in order to reduce the amount of work and cost nec-essary to process the application. (5) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary of Agriculture may not recover as processing costs for recreation special use applications and monitoring costs for recreation special use authoriza-tions any costs for consultations conducted under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) or for biological monitoring on Federal recreational lands and waters under such Act for listed, pro-posed, or candidate species. (6) W
AIVER OF COST RECOVERY .—The Sec- retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may waive the recovery of costs for processing recreation special use permit applications and renewals, on a categorical or case-by-case basis as appropriate, if the Secretary determines that— (A) such costs would impose a significant economic burden on any small business or category of small businesses; (B) such cost recovery could threaten the ability of an applicant or permittee to pro-vide, in a particular area, a particular out-door recreational activity that is consistent with the public interest and with applicable resource management plans; or (C) prevailing economic conditions are un-favorable, such as during economic reces-sions, or when drought, fire, or other natural disasters have depressed economic activity in the area of operation. 
SEC. 11. EXTENSION OF FOREST SERVICE RECRE-ATION PRIORITY USE PERMITS. 
Where the holder of a special use permit for outfitting and guiding that authorizes priority use has submitted a request for re-newal of such permit in accordance with ap-plicable laws and regulations, the Secretary of Agriculture shall have the authority to grant the holder one or more extensions of the existing permit for additional items not to exceed 5 years in the aggregate, as nec-essary to allow the Secretary to complete the renewal process and to avoid the inter-ruption of services under such permit. Before granting an extension under this section, the Secretary shall take all reasonable and ap-propriate steps to complete the renewal process before the expiration of the special use permit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) and the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. M
CEACHIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am indeed proud to present my bill today, H.R. 289, the Guides and Outfitters Act of 2017, also known as the GO Act. I would like to thank the Natural Resources Com-mittee for its overwhelming support of this bill, which happened on June 27 of this year. Mr. Speaker, I expect that nearly every Member of this body has fond memories of being on our public lands, whether it be fishing as a kid or with your kids, hunting with friends, hik-ing, on a horse, or camping with the family. Outdoor activities generate not just memorable moments and a love and respect for the great outdoors but also important, considerable economic activity, which is especially important for our rural areas of northern Cali-fornia, where my district is, and all across our Nation. The Outdoor Recreation Association estimates that recreational activity in the United States contributes nearly $900 billion to our GDP annually, sup-porting about 7.6 million jobs. Unfortunately, public access to pub-lic lands is too often hindered by costly and complex permit requirements that vary from agency to agency, some-times even crossing from agency to agency what the requirements are to seek a permit. The GO Act enhances and protects access to our public lands by stream-lining Federal agencies’ special recre-ation permit process, moving the per-mit process online, and providing joint permits for activities across a com-bination of National Park Service, Bu-reau of Land Management, and Forest Service land. In rural America, where rural econo-mies often depend on annual outdoor events—some events, this might be their only event of the year, a big part of their local economy. We have that in northern California in some areas. The GO Act provides greater assurance that such activities on public lands will con-tinue into the future. This bill also authorizes agencies to use categorical exclusions to grant an-nual events a streamlined review, en-suring such events don’t need expen-sive and duplicative studies year after year. Really, there is no need to re-invent the wheel each year for an exist-ing permitted activity. Getting more American families and groups and clubs outdoors can only be accomplished by building a permit process that doesn’t deter outdoor en-thusiasts from enjoying public lands but, indeed, makes them feel welcome and encouraged to enjoy these lands that belong to all of us. The idea behind this bipartisan bill is simple: getting more Americans out-side, on their lands, for less cost, less 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC7.017 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7649 October 2, 2017 
money, less headache of permits, less red tape; that is really what this is about. There is no need for some of the process that people have to go through to get a permit when it is especially an already-known activity with very minimal or no impact. b1745 Mr. Speaker, let’s make recreating in our public lands an open and simple ex-perience. Once again, I urge swift pas-sage of this bill, H.R. 289, the Guides and Outfitters Act, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, July 10, 2017. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On June 27, 2017, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered re-ported as amended H.R. 289, the Guides and Outfitters Act, by voice vote. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, with an additional referral to the Committee on Agriculture. I ask that you allow the Committee on Ag-riculture to be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill so that it may be sched-uled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In ad-dition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Agriculture rep-resented on the conference committee. Fi-nally, I would be pleased to include this let-ter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the extraordinary coopera-tion shown by you and your staff over mat-ters of shared jurisdiction. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP . Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, July 10, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for the op-portunity to review H.R. 289, the Guides and Outfitters Act. As you are aware, the bill was primarily referred to the Committee on Natural Resources, while the Agriculture Committee received an additional referral. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House in an expeditious manner and, accordingly, I agree to discharge H.R. 289 from further consider-ation by the Committee on Agriculture. I do so with the understanding that by dis-charging the bill, the Committee on Agri-culture does not waive any future jurisdic-tional claim on this or similar matters. Fur-ther, the Committee on Agriculture reserves the right to seek the appointment of con-ferees, if it should become necessary. I ask that you insert a copy of our ex-change of letters into the Congressional Record during consideration of this measure on the House floor. Thank you for your courtesy in this mat-ter and I look forward to continued coopera-tion between our respective committees. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. Mr. M CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill is an earnest effort to improve the availability of recreation permits on Federal lands. Public lands support the thriving out-door recreation economy, and many small businesses partner with the Fed-eral Government to provide a range of visitor services. The stated purpose of the bill is to reduce permitting time and adminis-trative hurdles faced by permit appli-cations. We are open to the idea of ap-proving the permit process to ensure timely and transparent access to public lands for recreation activities and other special events. However, we are concerned that some of the methods used by the bill could lead to more problems than they solve. For example, section 2 creates a cat-egorical exclusion for permits related to activities that have been previously considered through the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act process. Categor-ical exclusions are reserved for types of activities that are determined to have limited environmental impacts. They are most commonly developed through a rulemaking process which provides for public comment and provides the agency with the flexibility to deter-mine when they are appropriate. The Forest Service already stresses the use of existing categorical exclu-sions for special recreation permits and does what it can with available re-sources to speed up permit processing times. It is unclear why this section is necessary or appropriate. If current categorical exclusions are insufficient, Congress should encourage a rulemaking process to address the in-adequacies. While we have some con-cerns, this bill is a good first step, and we would hope our concerns can be ad-dressed in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the input from my colleague from Virginia, and we certainly want to have this be a process that works well. By delineating some of the categorical exclusions, we just seek to make it more usable, more user-friendly in that sense. So I thank you for the support on that. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ), my neighbor. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 289, the Guides and Outfitters—or GO—Act, offered by my Natural Resources Com-mittee colleague and my California neighbor, Congressman D
OUG L
AMALFA . For many years, we have seen in-creasingly severe restrictions on the public’s use of the public’s land. One of the most galling aspects of this exclu-sionary policy is the use of exorbitant fees to prevent many group events and small business services that have often been the economic mainstay of small mountain communities like those in my district in the Sierra Nevada. This abusive practice was made pos-sible by the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement—or FLREA—Act in 2004. It unleashed a flood of complex rules, regulations, and court decisions that have gradually increased the cost of permit administration for the Forest Service and for the Bureau of Land Management, which these agencies, in turn, have used as an excuse to raise fees on the public to cost-prohibitive levels. For example, the California Endur-ance Riders Association have been using the El Dorado National Forest for many years. In 2009, when they sought a simple 5-year, 10-event permit to continue doing exactly what they had been doing without incident for decades, the Forest Service demanded $11,000 in fees. Well, they paid those fees. But the El Dorado National Forest management, nonetheless, pulled the approved per-mit and halted the process on utterly specious grounds. It then demanded an additional $17,000 fee, causing the En-durance Riders Association to cancel what had been a long-term civic tradi-tion that had been a boon to the local economy. In 2010, this outrage was repeated after the group spent $5,800 for the Fool’s Gold endurance run that had been an ongoing event for more than 40 years. Hardest hit are guides and outfitters, the folks who make it possible for visi-tors to fully enjoy our national lands. They are the small businesses that pro-vide specialized knowledge, skills, and equipment that new visitors just don’t possess. Both the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management have used FLREA to require these small businesses to pay for permit processing and environmental analyses that re-quire more than 50 hours. These fees, along with complex plan-ning requirements, have virtually shut down so many legitimate and tradi-tional public events and uses. Efforts to encourage the agencies to modify and streamline the process have failed, even when those efforts were supported by agency policy. The GO Act is a long-overdue relief of these practices. It amends FLREA to streamline the recreation permitting process and allow for increased public access to recreational opportunities on the Federal lands. The GO Act was crafted in consultation with a wide va-riety of recreation groups throughout the country, and it aims to reduce the cost and complexity of these permits. Mr. Speaker, I commend and person-ally thank Congressman L AMALFA for listening to his constituents, the peo-ple of the Sierra Nevada, and to the thousands of recreation service pro-viders across the country who have been begging Congress to make these changes. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.022 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7650 October 2, 2017 
Mr. M CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers to speak to this issue, so I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the input by my colleague, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , as well, who has lived this in some of those same Sierra counties we are talking about, and other areas in the West. So we, again, are very en-couraged by the bipartisan support, the strong support coming out of com-mittee, and that H.R. 289, the Guides and Outfitters Act, is something that will open the gateway to more enjoy-ment of our public lands without the constraints, such as exorbitant, extra-neous fees and permits that really don’t yield any additional care for the environment or care for the area with people that are already good stewards. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 289, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 51 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OEof Texas) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 36, PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–338) on the resolution (H. Res. 548) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-ca-pable unborn children, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 544. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN MEMORY OF THE VICTIMS OF THE AT-TACK IN LAS VEGAS The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask all present to rise for the purpose of a moment of silence. The Chair asks that the House now observe a moment of silence in mem-ory of the victims of the attack in Las Vegas. 
f 
SAINT-GAUDENS NATIONAL HIS-TORICAL PARK REDESIGNATION ACT The SPEAKER. Without objection, 5- minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 965) to redesignate the Saint-Gaudens National Historic Site as the ‘‘Saint- Gaudens National Historical Park’’, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 401, nays 0, not voting 32, as follows: 
[Roll No. 545] YEAS—401 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Rush Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—32 
Blumenauer Bridenstine Buchanan Butterfield Clarke (NY) Connolly Crist Crowley DeFazio DesJarlais Fudge Gutie´rrez Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Kihuen Long Meadows Meng Pearce Rohrabacher Rosen Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Simpson Sires Soto Titus Tsongas Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
b1900 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, on October 2nd, on rollcall votes 544 and 545, I was not present because I was tending to my commu-nity in Las Vegas, in the aftermath of the deadliest mass shooting in United States his-tory. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 544 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall vote 545. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 125TH ANNIVERSARY OF UNALAM (Mr. FASO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, my col-leagues, today I rise to recognize Unalam, a family-run lumber manufac-turing business in Otsego County, New York, which will celebrate its 125th an-niversary this year on October 4. Unalam is owned by the Van Cott family, which has established a multigenerational reputation of sup-porting our upstate farmers and small businesses with quality lumber prod-ucts and innovations. Unalam’s journey began in 1892, when J.W. Van Cott began selling lumber in Unadilla, New York. Since then, each generation has left its mark on the family’s business. Unalam has become a renowned firm for its expert produc-tion of glulam, or laminated timber barn rafters. Today, Unalam is headed by J.W. Van Cott’s great-great-grandson, Craig Van Cott, and his children, Zoe Vandermeulen and Leif Van Cott. I thank and congratulate the Van Cott family as well as the past and present employees of Unalam as they celebrate this incredible milestone. 
f 
ADDRESSING GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, last night we witnessed another unspeak-able act of gun violence that took too many innocent lives. Today my heart breaks once again for those victims of the Las Vegas shooting and for the families whose 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.027 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7652 October 2, 2017 
lives have been irrevocably changed by this terrible tragedy. Each of them is in my prayers today. Mr. Speaker, prayers alone are not enough. We cannot, in good conscience, sit idly by as innocent people continue to die. Mr. Speaker, there are reasonable steps that we can take to make our communities safer, things like limiting high-capacity magazines and banning assault weapons—weapons, by the way, that are weapons of war and have no business being on the streets in the first place. Mr. Speaker, we have a solemn re-sponsibility as Members of Congress to ensure that our communities are safe. Let us honor the victims of the Las Vegas shooting by doing something to prevent such tragedies from happening in the future. 
f 
MASSACRE IN LAS VEGAS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as the band played the latest country western song, gunfire erupted from the 32nd floor window across the street. Twenty minutes later, when the shots stopped and the smoke cleared, 59 people were murdered and over 520 were wounded. The SWAT team quickly found the hiding place of the evil villain, and as they approached, the outlaw shot him-self. Thus, he avoided a date with the hangman. Justice occurred. The casualties would have been much worse but for quick action by members of the crowd. People, including former military and off-duty police officers, helped hide and cover others while en-dangering their own lives. The first responders, police, doctors, emergency medical technicians quickly tended to the wounded. These unnamed quick responders, both civilian and law enforcement, and medical, without re-gard to their own life, saved others. The band had stopped playing music, but the cries of the wounded and the tears of the mourning continue, Mr. Speaker. We must have prayers for Las Vegas, and God bless them one and all. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
OBJECTING TO POLICY OF COL-LECTING SOCIAL MEDIA AC-COUNT INFORMATION OF NATU-RALIZED CITIZENS (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, my thoughts and prayers also go to the victims of the Las Vegas shooting. Mr. Speaker, I rise to address an-other subject that, unfortunately, came up last week. Mr. Speaker, as one of ten natural-ized United States citizens in Congress, I rise today to express strong objec-tions to the Department of Homeland Security’s new policy to collect the so-cial media account information of nat-uralized citizens. In accordance with this new rule, the DHS will include social media along-side basic information, such as bio-metrics, Social Security numbers, and contact information in naturalization records. This is unprecedented. There is no evidence that tracking social media accounts of naturalized citizens will in any way make the United States more secure. Rather than target naturalized citi-zens, the President should work with Congress to reform our immigration system and ensure that all Americans, natural born or naturalized, are able to work, study, and pursue the American Dream. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF SHAW CARTER (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the life of Mr. Shaw Carter, who passed away on August 9, 2017, at the age of 24. Shaw was a rare individual who touched the hearts of many people in his life. He was a recent graduate of Young Harris College in north Georgia, and was a graduate assistant at the University of Georgia, where he was working on his master’s degree in pub-lic administration. Born with a heart defect, he under-went three open heart surgeries before his third birthday and had a heart transplant before his 21st birthday. Through the obstacles with his ill-nesses, he preserved and selflessly vol-unteered his time to uplift other kids who had other severe medical issues. For example, he volunteered over 200 hours for Mended Hearts at Northeast Georgia Medical Center. When he was awarded the Young Har-ris Spirit Award, he was described as the ‘‘indefatigable Shaw Carter.’’ There is no better way to describe him. He will truly be missed. 
f 
WE MUST CONFRONT DOMESTIC TERRORISM (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, with the humblest of hearts, I cannot imagine the fear and the horror of those who heard those violent sounds late last night in Las Vegas, nor the horror of family members who had to wonder where their loved ones were or are now calling numbers to discern what happened. One of my closest relatives was in Las Vegas, and I can only imagine what they went through, as I had the great fear myself, not knowing where and what. I think the American people expect us to mourn and to honor them and to have a moment of silence, but I believe that the American people demand, and should, and those families who are now mourning, that we should be sensible. Mr. Speaker, we should not ever put on the floor of the House the deregula-tion of silencers. Can you imagine how many more would have died if the per-petrator who had ten guns had a si-lencer? We have to confront domestic ter-rorism. We can’t run away from it. We have to confront automatic weapons no matter what, where, and how. My prayers are with the families, but I think they demand, Mr. Speaker, ac-tion from this Congress. f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL DIS-ABILITY EMPLOYMENT AWARE-NESS MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, October is National Dis-ability Employment Awareness Month, and it is a time when we celebrate the numerous contributions and skills of American workers with disabilities. Many Americans with disabilities struggle to find employment opportu-nities despite the wealth of skills they have to offer. In 2016, only 27.7 percent of working-age Americans with disabil-ities were employed. More employers should recognize the fresh perspectives and skills that these men and women can add to an organi-zation. Workers with developmental disabil-ities tend to be reliable, dedicated, and loyal employees with a positive atti-tude and a strong work ethic. Right here on Capitol Hill, my office participates in the Congressional In-ternship Program for Individuals with Intellectual Disabilities. This program is designed to give students with vary-ing intellectual disabilities an oppor-tunity to gain congressional work ex-perience, and it has been rewarding for everyone involved. Mr. Speaker, hiring an individual who has a disability can have a pro-found impact on their life. They experi-ence the independence, economic self- sufficiency, pride, and community that come with a job. These individuals promote workforce diversity and can truly enhance the workplace for the better. 
f 
WITH GUN RIGHTS COMES RESPONSIBILITIES (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, my heart goes out to the victims and the families impacted by the horrific shooting in Las Vegas. Gun violence is a public health crisis that has claimed thousands of innocent lives, and we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.030 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7653 October 2, 2017 
must do everything we can to address it. Mr. Speaker, the American people are tired of being outraged, of sending thoughts and prayers, of seeing men, women, and children die because the gun lobby puts profit over people. That is not what our Founders intended by the right to bear arms. With rights come responsibilities: the responsibility to stop gun sales loop-holes, to enact protections that make sure our kids and those with severe mental illnesses don’t have access to guns, to address funding for mental health, and to oppose any efforts to make it easier to purchase silencers. Mr. Speaker, 87 percent of gunowners and 74 percent of NRA members sup-port those commonsense solutions, like criminal background checks. I have a plea for gunowners across this country: urge the NRA to rep-resent your views; show them that you mean business by speaking out or even terminating your NRA membership; show them that you care about your fellow Americans. Act now. Enough is enough. 
f 
b1915 CANCER LINK CELEBRATES 30 YEARS (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the 30th anniversary of Cancer Link, an amazing volunteer organization dedicated to finding a cure for breast cancer and assisting those in south Florida whose lives have been impacted by this disease. Cancer Link was founded in 1987 by a small group of 10 Miami women who wanted to spread awareness about breast cancer after suffering the dev-astating loss of a friend. In the years since, this wonderful organization has grown into an impactful volunteer group that has supported essential breast cancer research at the Sylvester Cancer Center in Miami, Florida. The volunteers at Cancer Link have also helped provide essential commu-nity healthcare programs that ensure that healthcare for breast cancer treat-ment is accessible to every woman in our community. Congratulations again to all who have been a part of Cancer Link throughout the years, and thank you for 30 years of service to our commu-nity. 
f 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO MAKE IT HARDER FOR DANGEROUS PEO-PLE TO ACQUIRE ASSAULT WEAPONS (Ms. SA´NCHEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great sorrow and anger. Last night, more than 58 people were tragically murdered and over 500 wounded in a senseless act of violence in Las Vegas, Nevada. The murderer was found to have 20 guns, including at least one automatic rifle. No person should be allowed to possess a weapon that makes indis-criminately killing human beings easi-er. It just baffles me that some of my colleagues don’t agree with that basic premise. Not only do they not agree with sensible gun control measures like background checks and no fly, no buy, they won’t even allow public re-search dollars to be used to research gun control and gun violence. Until Congress acts to make it hard-er for dangerous people to acquire these types of weapons, tragedies like this will continue to happen. How many more people have to die? How much more blood must be shed before Congress decides to act? Moments of silence and sympathy and prayers from Members of this body are not enough anymore. The time has come to act. We must act now. f 
OCTOBER IS BREAST CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Breast Cancer Awareness Month and all who have been affected by this terrible disease. Each October we take time to raise awareness about the threat breast can-cer poses to women and men through-out the country and the world. Studies show that one in eight women across the Nation will be diag-nosed with breast cancer in their life-time and that more than 249,000 people in the United States are diagnosed each year. Roughly 1 percent of those are men. This month, it is not only imperative that we reflect upon all who are af-fected by breast cancer, but that we also take action to fight against it. Today I would like to recognize a courageous constituent, friend, and cancer survivor, Karen Newton. Earlier this year, I played in the Congressional Women’s Softball Game in honor of Karen’s triumph over breast cancer. Karen is a vibrant testament to the fact that strides we make in medicine are helping cancer patients and their loved ones, though I don’t think she is a very good driver. Whether it is wearing pink to raise awareness or offering support to a brave person who is fighting this dis-ease, in October, let’s all join together to fight to end breast cancer. 
f 
CONGRESS MUST PROVIDE RELIEF TO PUERTO RICO (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because American citizens are suffering in Puerto Rico. Twelve days after Hurricane Maria made landfall, more than half of the island’s residents are still without running water. Low-income communities have been hit especially hard. They are trying to survive through unsafe and unsanitary conditions, where the basics of life can be impossible to find. After an earthquake struck Haiti in 2010, I was proud to see that America deployed every available resource the very next day at the crack of dawn to help out. But I wonder why the same response wasn’t deployed to help Amer-icans in Puerto Rico. I call on the administration and Con-gress to ensure that Puerto Rico re-ceives the emergency aid it needs now so we don’t lose more American lives to the storm. Congress must also provide real relief and aid to our brothers and sisters there. The situation in Puerto Rico is dire, and our fellow Americans are counting on us to act now. f 
SUPPORTING THE PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I, along with all of our American citizens, re-coil today at the senseless and evil mayhem and killing that went on in Las Vegas. We pray for the families of those whose lives were lost, as well as those who are injured and suffering right now. I, along with, I am sure, many Amer-icans, recoil at senseless abuse of inno-cent animals that we love and we enjoy. But I wonder how many of us also recoil at the senseless abuse and murder of innocent babies in the womb. I stand here today to support the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, H.R. 36. I support it because it is backed by science. It protects the un-born from suffering. It saves innocent lives. It promotes American values, values that made this country great, that understand the sanctity of life and the beauty of our creator’s evidence in this world today in human beings. I ask my colleagues to join with me and many others this week as we sup-port H.R. 36, and we say to our creator and our God: Thank you for innocent life itself, and may it be preserved and protected. 
f 
WE HAVE GOT TO DO SOMETHING TO STOP MASS SHOOTINGS IN AMERICA (Mr. ENGEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, when will it end? When will the carnage end? How 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.032 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7654 October 2, 2017 
many more times are we going to have to turn on our televisions or our phones or get a text message to talk about some other mass shooting in America? We have got to do something to stop this now. There is no reason that someone like the killer should have automatic weap-ons or semiautomatic weapons. I believe people have legitimate rea-sons to have guns, but not legitimate reasons to have automatic weapons to mow down so many innocent people. And it will happen again and again and again, because we refuse to do any-thing to have sensible gun control in this country. My heart goes out to the families, but thoughts and prayers are not enough. A moment of silence in the House is not enough. We need to do something now to have sensible gun control laws; otherwise, these words ring hollow. This country is hurting, and guns are doing it, guns in the hands of wrong people. Again, guns for hunters, guns to keep people safe, I am not opposed to that, but I certainly am opposed to auto-matic weapons. Nobody needs auto-matic weapons. They are weapons of war, and they should not be in the hands of anybody who is unstable. 
f 
CONGRATULATING HARLEY DREW ON HIS RETIREMENT (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my friend, the beloved Augusta radio host Harley Drew, on his recent retirement. He is one of the most successful and longest tenured radio personalities in the his-tory of Georgia broadcasting. Harley was born at Fort Gordon, Georgia, and has always called Waynes-boro, Georgia, home. He became interested in radio and electronics at the age of nine, and got a part-time job at WBRO in Waynes-boro at the age of 14, where he worked full time after graduating from high school. Harley moved to Augusta in 1962 to help put WFNL on the air. I can re-member in my high school days listen-ing to ‘‘Handsome Harley Drew’’ on WBBQ, as he was known for playing the all-time best oldies. He is also a past recipient of Augus-ta’s Best Radio Personality award from Augusta Magazine, was given the Louis Harris Award by the West Augusta Ro-tary, and has received numerous State and national awards for programming excellence. Harley was a founding board member of the Georgia Radio Hall of Fame and also served as its vice president. In honor of his career achievements, he was inducted into the Georgia Radio Hall of Fame in 2011. Harley anchored Augusta’s morning news on WGAC until his retirement last Friday, September 29, 2017. Harley, congratulations on a remark-able career. f 
GIVE BLOOD TO HONOR THOSE AFFECTED IN LAS VEGAS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I don’t need to add any more adjectives or an official statement about what hap-pened in Las Vegas last night. It has been said: horrific. What I would like to add is that we see examples of people pulling together to help each other that isn’t reported very much. In this horrific thing, giv-ing thanks to the SWAT team who was able to put down that shooter without making it even worse, the emergency personnel, people helping each other get out of the way, hop over a fence, whatever it took, and the people who are so highly impacted in the hospitals around Las Vegas right now making heroic efforts, trying to keep up with the flow there, these are things we should dwell on. Pray for those who are gone, who are injured, who are on life support right now. Console those who are around them. And an action item we can all do wherever you are: give blood. I do, six- gallon club—not to brag, but it is im-portant. I ask all of you, if you have never thought of it before, because only a couple percent of Americans do, think about it now, and go do it. It doesn’t hurt: just a little pinprick here to test your blood, and just a little needle right here to take that all-important pint. Just the other day, our friend S
TEVE  S
CALISE , it is a miracle he was here on this floor. It was a miracle he got off that ballfield, because he had 18 pints, units of blood waiting for him there, a miracle he was able to even walk out of that emergency room. Give blood. It makes a big difference. 
f 
PROTECTING THE UNBORN The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
ARRETT ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, tomorrow the House of Representa-tives will vote on the Pain-Capable Un-born Child Protection Act, and before that occurs, Mr. Speaker, I wanted to come to the floor tonight and just re-mind all of us that the United States of America is, indeed, a unique nation that is premised on the foundation that we are all created equal and that each of us is endowed by our creator with the unalienable right to live. But 2 years ago, Mr. Speaker, numer-ous video recordings were released that incontrovertibly documented corporate officers and employees of Planned Par-enthood casually discussing their rampant practice of harvesting and selling the little body parts from many of the hundreds of thousands of inno-cent babies they are guilty of killing in their abortion clinics across this Na-tion every year. b1930 Now, these videos irrefutably reveal officers of Planned Parenthood hag-gling over the price of these little or-gans and body parts and casually de-scribing ways of killing these little ba-bies, often using much more painful methods, like partial-birth abortion, to make sure that the saleable organs of these little babies remained undamaged. One of these videos described an inci-dent where one of Planned Parent-hood’s employees calls one of the younger employees over to witness something that was ‘‘kind of cool;’’ that one of those baby’s hearts was still beating. The older employee said: ‘‘Okay. This is really a good fetus, and it looks like we can procure a lot from it. We are going to procure a brain.’’ Then, using scissors, together the two employees, starting at the baby’s chin, cut upward through the center of this child’s face and then pulled out the baby’s little brain and placed it in a container where it could later be sold. Mr. Speaker, I find it so crushingly sad that the only time this little baby was ever held by anyone in his very short life was by those who cut his face open to take his brain. Have we forgotten that, not so long ago, authorities entered the clinic of Dr. Kermit Gosnell, and there they found a torture chamber for little ba-bies that defies, within the constraints of the English language, any descrip-tion. The grand jury, at that time, re-ported: ‘‘Dr. Kermit Gosnell had a sim-ple solution for unwanted babies. He killed them. He didn’t call it that. He called it ensuring fetal demise. The way he ensured fetal demise was by sticking scissors in the back of the baby’s neck and cutting the spinal cord. He called it snipping. Over the years, there were hundreds of snippings.’’ Ashley Baldwin, one of Dr. Gosnell’s employees, said she saw babies breath-ing, and she described one as 2 feet long, that no longer had eyes or a mouth, but were, in her words, making like, this ‘‘screeching noise.’’ And she said it ‘‘sounded like a little alien.’’ For God’s sake, Mr. Speaker, this can’t be who we truly are. The fact is that more than 18,000 late-term, pain- capable, unborn children were tortur-ously killed, without anesthesia, in America in just the last year. Many of them cried and screamed as they died, but because it was amniotic fluid going over the vocal cords, we couldn’t hear them. It is the worst human rights atrocity in the United States of Amer-ica. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.035 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7655 October 2, 2017 
Now, I know that many of those on this floor and the American media will hold to the standard line and try to cloak all of this in the name of freedom of choice; but I would beg them, Mr. Speaker, to open their hearts and ask themselves what is so liberating about brutally and painfully dismembering living, helpless little human babies. In spite of all the political noise, pro-tecting these little, helpless, pain-ca-pable, unborn children and their moth-ers is not a Republican issue, and it is not a Democrat issue. It is a basic test of our basic humanity and who we are as a human family. Mr. Speaker, the sands of time should blow over this Capitol dome be-fore we ever give Planned Parenthood one more dime of taxpayer money. And in the name of humanity, Democrat Senators should not be allowed to fili-buster the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act in the Senate because passing it would prevent the vast ma-jority of these ongoing evil acts of tor-ture against helpless, little, pain-capa-ble human babies that these videos have now shown so clearly to the en-tire world. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), one of the greatest pro-life champions in the history of the United States and a pre-cious friend. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding, for his passion, for his cour-age, and for authoring the Pain-Capa-ble Unborn Child Protection Act, and for doing so so informed. T
RENT  F
RANKS has been an incredible defender of life, and I want to thank him for his leadership on this extraordinarily im-portant human rights piece of legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, overwhelming majori-ties of Americans, some 60 to 64 per-cent, according to the pollsters, sup-port legal protection for pain-capable unborn children. Today, we know that unborn babies not only die but suffer excruciating pain during dismemberment abortions, a cruelty that rips arms and legs off of helpless children. A former abortionist, Dr. Anthony Levatino, testified before Congress, be-fore T
RENT FRANKS ’ committee. Here is a man who has performed 1,200 abor-tions, over 100 late-term abortions up to 24 weeks; and he said, and I quote in part: ‘‘Imagine if you can that you are a pro-choice obstetrician/gynecologist like I was.’’ Using a sopher 13 clamp with rows of ridges or teeth, ‘‘grasp anything you can’’ inside the womb. ‘‘Once you’ve grasped something in-side, squeeze on the clamp to set the jaws and pull hard, really hard. You feel something let go and out pops a fully formed leg about 6 inches long. Reach in again’’—he goes on—‘‘and grasp anything you can and out pops an arm.’’ He noted that a ‘‘second trimester D&E abortion is a blind procedure.’’ So he says: ‘‘Reach in again and again and again with that clamp and tear out the spine, intestines, heart, and lungs.’’ Mr. Speaker, even swing vote Justice Anthony Kennedy, in his dissent in the Stenberg v. Carhart decision, said about dismemberment abortions: ‘‘The fetus, in many cases, dies just as a human adult or child would: It bleeds to death as it is torn limb from limb. The fetus can be alive at the beginning of the dismemberment process and can survive for a time while its limbs are being torn off.’’ Mr. Speaker, even if pain wasn’t present, dismembering a child is vio-lence against children, and it is inhu-mane. But these babies actually suffer in this process. Dr. Robert White, professor of neuro-surgery at Case Western Reserve, has said an unborn child at 20 weeks’ gesta-tion ‘‘is fully capable of experiencing pain . . . without question, abortion is a dreadfully painful experience. . . .’’ Dr. Anand wrote, and he is an expert on pain: ‘‘The human fetus possesses the ability to experience pain from 20 weeks’ gestation. . . .’’ He points out that it is even worse for an unborn child at that time period because ‘‘the highest density of pain receptors per square inch of skin in human develop-ment occurs in utero from 20 to 30 weeks’ gestation. Thus, a fetus at 20 to 32 weeks’ gestation would experience a much more intense pain than older in-fants or children or adults.’’ We have known this for some time, Mr. Speak-er. In 2006, I authored the Unborn Child Pain Awareness Act that garnered 250 votes in favor—including 40 Demo-crats—to 162 against. I remember thinking on that day of the vote: How can anyone refuse to make child pain information part of an informed con-sent? Congressman TRENT FRANKS has au-thored four—count them, four—ex-traordinarily important human rights bills over the years to actually protect pain-capable babies in Federal law from the violence of abortion, includ-ing the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act that passed the House in 2013 and again in 2015. Tragically, President Obama vowed to veto this child protection legislation, and the Senate failed to pass it. However, this year, we have a Presi-dent who said, and he put out a State-ment of Administration Policy: You present this legislation to me, and I will sign it. Finally, not only will babies be pro-tected by T
RENT FRANKS ’ law at 5 months, and the pain suffered by these babies will be averted, but H.R. 36 re-quires that a late abortion, permitted under very limited circumstances, pro-vide ‘‘the best opportunity for the un-born child to survive’’ and that ‘‘a sec-ond physician trained in neonatal re-suscitation’’ be ‘‘present and prepared to provide care to the child’’ to the same degree as the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act of 2002 prescribed. Following the care required to be rendered, the born-alive child shall im-mediately be transported and admitted to a hospital. Sixteen States have passed legisla-tion that resembles this important leg-islation that we will have before us on this House floor. My good friend and colleague talked about Dr. Gosnell. Four years ago, Dr. Gosnell was convicted of murder, con-spiracy to kill, and involuntary man-slaughter, and sentenced to life impris-onment. Even though the news of Gosnell’s child slaughter was largely suppressed by the mainstream media, many of my colleagues may remember that Gosnell operated a large Philadelphia abortion clinic where women died and countless babies were dismembered, all gruesome procedures causing excruciating pain to the victim. This is a humane bill, a major human rights bill, and, again, I want to thank my great friend and colleague for his leadership. It is extraordinary. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, I yield to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ). Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my dear friend and colleague, Mr. T
RENT FRANKS , who is certainly a champion of our time in standing up for life, for our national defense, and has a heart so big that comes through in everything he does. And certainly, tonight, I think we see the gentleman’s heart for unborn chil-dren, certainly at the beginning of 6 months of age, who deserve to live. The gentleman’s bill, the Pain-Capa-ble Unborn Child Protection Act, also known as Micah’s Law, will do that, and I urge all of my colleagues to sup-port it tomorrow. But tonight, Mr. Speaker, I want to share with you a heartwarming story that puts a face to what we are talking about. It is one thing to say 20 weeks old, a baby, unborn baby, but it is an-other thing to look at the picture of Micah Pickering—and his picture is up there, as well as up front. Micah Pickering was born at 20 weeks’ gestation. He was born at the age of which we are talking about that you are trying to say we should not allow for abortions at this stage be-cause they can live, and Micah is a liv-ing example of that. You know, I want to share a little bit about what his mother shared about his story, with Micah, her son. His mother’s name is Danielle, and she re-called that when Micah was born, he cried twice immediately, and that was music to her ears and contrary to the worst case scenarios for which Micah’s parents were bracing. This is what Danielle talked about during those first few moments. She said: ‘‘The second I was able to meet Micah changed my life. He was so small. I didn’t know what to expect. Would he look normal? Could I bond with this baby? Those questions were a mess in my head as I was wheeled into his room 2 hours after his birth. The sight I saw was a perfectly formed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.037 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7656 October 2, 2017 
baby.’’ At 20 weeks, at the beginning of 6 months, she says he was a perfectly formed baby. ‘‘Lots of tubes and monitors all set up to be an artificial womb to this baby born too soon. My husband and I stood there just staring at this beau-tiful little boy who we were told we couldn’t hold, as the skin was so sen-sitive it would hurt him. We were told we could press lightly on the skin, so we each put our hand near him. ‘‘He’’—the baby, Micah—‘‘reached up and held our fingers. This was the strongest grasp I would ever feel. I never knew how strong a baby was until that moment. He had a powerful grip on our hands and now’’—has a powerful grip on—‘‘our hearts.’’ This little miracle baby spent 4 months in intensive care. He under-went heart surgery 2 weeks after birth, weighing a little over a pound. He was on a ventilator for a while. He was on morphine to ease the pain, and this was the size of the diaper that he wore. b1945 Isn’t that incredible? But he wore a diaper that size, and this little preemie, when he was born, he was the size of an M&M package. It is hard to believe that a baby could be that small and live, but that is about the size of a baby at this age, 20 weeks old, the beginning of 6 months, and he lived. His name is Micah. Now he is a healthy, energetic kindergarten stu-dent. Micah’s story is beautiful. It is a mir-acle. And we thank God for Micah’s fighting spirit, for his parents’ unwav-ering love for their son, and for the team of doctors, nurses, surgeons, and medical professionals who tended to Micah during those first few months. But the point about Micah is he puts a face on this that, from the moment of conception to the birth of a child, the growth and development of the baby is miraculous. With advances in medical science, we can better understand what is happening at each stage of develop-ment. When these little babies are just 4 weeks old, the basics of their nervous system are developed. By 8 weeks after fertilization, the unborn child reacts to touch. After 20 weeks, and that is the age of the gentleman’s bill, the unborn child reacts to stimuli that would be recognized as painful if applied to an adult human, for example, by recoiling. We know that by the 20th week, the beginning of the sixth month, unborn babies, children the same age as Micah when he was born, respond to painful stimuli by flinching and jerking, just like you and I would if we were burned or hurt in some way. Micah’s parents were told that they could not hold their little son, that it would be too painful for the newborn. But babies at this stage are actually hyperresponsive to pain since the neu-rological features that inhibit or regu-late pain sensations do not develop until much later in pregnancy. Certainly, these babies should not undergo this pain and, certainly, not have to have their life snuffed out through abortion. When a mother and her unborn baby undergo a surgical procedure, doctors give fetal pain medication, or fetal anesthesia to the baby so that he or she does not feel the procedure. This is common practice. It is common sense. The legislation before the House to-morrow will ensure that unborn chil-dren are not subjected to the excru-ciating pain of being euthanized in the womb. And this is where I wish the story could end, that all children be given a fighting chance like Micah. But that is not the case for too many chil-dren whose lives are taken from them before they can take their first breath. Late-term abortion procedures, abor-tions performed on babies 20 weeks and later in pregnancies, are graphic, de-testable, and, tragically, allowed in this country. In a dissent opinion that Representa-tive S
MITH just shared, and I want to share it again, Justice Kennedy offered the insight into this grizzly practice. He said: ‘‘The fetus, in many cases, dies just as a human adult or born child would: it bleeds to death as it is torn limb from limb.’’ Aborted, unborn babies endure un-speakable pain in the most horrific manner possible. Knowing that inno-cent 20-week babies acutely experience pain and endure inhuman dismember-ment or poisoning should be enough to pierce each of our hearts and prick our sensibilities. Micah’s Law, the legislation that would protect the lives of unborn chil-dren halfway through pregnancy be-cause of their ability to feel pain, is our call to action. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would like to leave you with the words of Micah’s mom as she watched her tiny infant grow into the child he is today, and it speaks to the potential of every one of these children that we hope from now on will have a chance to live like Micah. She said: ‘‘He still had his eyes fused shut. You could see his chest vi-brate from the ventilators. It was heartbreaking. Here was a boy who we would see get to take his first sneeze, his first smile. We would get to see the hiccups from the outside. We would watch his eyes slowly unfuse. We would watch his hair grow in and we would watch his body develop. It was inde-scribably the most joyful time of our life.’’ So as we anticipate tomorrow’s his-toric vote, I ask my colleagues to lend their support for Micah and thousands of children just like him who want to live, who want to experience life, and who have so much to give. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentlewoman. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON .) I am very grateful that you are here tonight, sir. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressmen F
RANKS , SMITH, HARTZLER , KING, and all of the others, all of my colleagues who have spent so many years working for the sanctity of every human life in this Chamber. For nearly 20 years, I have been working to defend the sanctity of every human life in the courts, and that brings us here today. You and I have talked about this many times that it is our Nation’s birth certificate, the Declaration of Independence, which states so suc-cinctly what has been known as the American creed. And in that creed, as articulated in the second paragraph of the Declaration—we know the lan-guage well—‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are cre-ated equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness.’’ The reason the Founders recognized that fundamental freedom, the right to life, and recognized it first is because it is so essential to who we are as human beings. The reason the Founders recog-nized that and sought to put it first is because they understood, they ac-knowledged, that we are made in the image of a Holy God. We are made in the image of that creator who gave us those rights. And because of that, every single human life has ines-timable dignity and value. And are values not related in any way to our socioeconomic status, the color of our skin, where we went to school, what we make for a living, what we can contribute to society, our talents, how good-looking we are—to-tally irrelevant. Our value is inherent because it is given to us by our creator. So tomorrow, because of your hard work, we have a landmark opportunity with the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. I am proud to stand in support of that bill and to assist as a cosponsor and to encourage all of our colleagues to support this important legislation. Why do we do this? Because, as has been mentioned, at 20 weeks’ gestation, a baby is developed enough to live and grow outside the womb, and at 20 weeks, a baby can feel pain. Yet, in the United States, we remain one of only seven nations on the planet—including North Korea and China, I might add— that allows abortions after 20 weeks. It is a practice that kills thousands of in-nocent babies each year, as we know. A law that allows someone to end the life of an unborn baby when that child can live outside the womb and feel the pain inflicted by this violent procedure is simply unconscionable. These proce-dures can be fatal not only for the child, by the way, but for the mother, as well, because abortion performed later in the pregnancy puts the mother at greater risk. We have to pass this bill to ensure that America leads in the fight to pro-tect the most vulnerable among us. All life is precious, and this bill protects the life of the mother and that of the unborn child. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.039 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7657 October 2, 2017 
For those reasons, I urge my col-leagues to stand with us in support of this important legislation and to join us in the efforts to defend the defense-less. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, I so sincerely thank the gentleman. I yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING), my precious friend. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for yielding to me, and I appreciate the years that we have sat elbow to elbow on the Judiciary Committee and on the Constitution and Civil Justice Sub-committee and have done the battle for life. What I am reflecting here, tonight, is the sequence of pro-life leaders that I have had the privilege to walk these floors and halls with. When T
RENT FRANKS and I arrived at this Congress, Henry Hyde had the lead, and he did so many glorious things to lay the foundation for life now. C
HRIS SMITH was there at his side the full time that I was here, and then Joe Pitts. I want to remember Joe Pitts, as well, and T
RENT FRANKS . So I put those four gentlemen in a category of the leaders in this movement here on the floor of the House of Representatives. I remain counting those moments pre-cious that I have to serve and work on this cause with each of you. This bill that we will bring to the floor tomorrow on a rules vote and a final passage vote will pass this floor of the House of Representatives—I have every confidence that it will—and it will be messaged over to the Senate. There is a lot of work that has been put into this, the 16 States that have passed the legislation that is similar to H.R. 36, Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. I just add that, when Mr. J
OHNSON  mentioned the seven countries that allow for an elective abortion after 20 weeks, of course, the United States; the other six—he mentioned a couple of them—North Korea, China, which will impose forceable abortions on mothers, that cruel and heinous activity, Viet-nam, Singapore, Netherlands, and Can-ada. I think Canada might have been affected with the United States along the way. The Netherlands is one of the more liberal countries in the world. And this list is not a list that I want the United States of America on. I want us out. I want to be able to send this message that a baby who has a chance at survival at 20 weeks of devel-opment from conception, that at 20 weeks, that precious little baby that V
ICKY HARTZLER so well described in her presentation here, 65 percent of premature babies born in the range of 22 to 26 weeks will survive—65 percent. We all know one or two of those little babies who are walking around. I ran into a friend after church a couple of weeks ago at the grocery store who I hadn’t seen in several years, and I asked him how his son was doing. And I am not going to use names here on purpose. I asked him how his son was doing. He said: Oh, he is doing fine. He is 30 years old now. He has got a great job out there. He has got a family. I have got grandchildren. All things were wonderful. He knew why I asked him, because we were doing a job that he was on back then when that little premature boy was born 21 or 22 weeks old. When he came back from 2 weeks of sitting next to that child where he could come back home again and go to work because he now had a good chance that that little boy would be able to survive, I said: We will spend all kinds of money, won’t we? We will do anything. We will go to any length to keep a child alive who is born premature. A child that is born at 20 weeks, 21 weeks, 22, 23, 24, 26 weeks, there is no expense that we will spare ourselves from because that life, we know, is so precious. Well, the life in the womb is as pre-cious as the life out of the womb, and the pain that that child feels at 20 weeks, 22 weeks, 24 weeks. But this lit-tle boy—he remembered what I said to him that day. I said: You are doing ev-erything to save this little child’s life, but when you go into the polls and vote, you are going to vote on the other side of that issue like you always have. And he called me a name that day, kind of like the President did some of the NFL players, but he remembered exactly what I had said to him 30-some years ago. And he said: You know, you really straightened me out that day— because I gave him my remarks on that. Now, that is a change in heart and a change in minds. America has under-gone a change in heart and a change in minds. In fact, I stepped into a member of my staff’s office here just last Fri-day, and the frame of the ultrasound of his firstborn is there, and it has been there for 9 years beside his desk. That little child, that little child they first bonded with him by looking at the ultrasound. That little child, by the way, is my godson. So each one of these lives are so ut-terly precious, and we are not going to stop. We are going to defend every life we can. We are going to protect every life we can. We are going to do the right thing that we can for the babies that we can save. Meanwhile, this goes on the conscience of America when we fall short. But we are going to fall short tomor-row. We are going to succeed. We are going to find a way to move this legis-lation and others through the House and through the Senate to a Presi-dent’s desk who will sign that legisla-tion. When we contemplate the litigation that is bound to take place—because there are people that are dug in deeply on promoting and defending abortion— we are going to have a new Supreme Court. One more appointment to that Court and we will get this past them, and a number of other pieces of legisla-tion as well. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for his attention, his years of work on this very precious cause, and all of the rest who have done so much to step up and defend these lives. I am looking forward to to-morrow. There should be a great shout of joy coming off the floor of the House of Representatives. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, I yield to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. BIGGS), my very good friend. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I express my gratitude and thanks to my col-league and good friend, T
RENT FRANKS , for yielding and for his leadership and tireless work on behalf of the unborn. Congressman F
RANKS ’ fight to save each and every life is one that we should all be championing, and I am proud and pleased to be standing by his side today. I am grateful that I have had the opportunity to fight for the un-born in venues around the world at var-ious multilateral institutions standing on behalf of the unborn. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a proud cosponsor in support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. If signed into law, this legislation will prohibit abortions starting at 20 weeks, almost 5 months, in all 50 States. The pro-abortion lobby will tell you to disregard the rights of unborn chil-dren, but science shows that they are just as human as you and I. In fact, emerging science has proven that ba-bies feel pain inside the womb as early as 20 weeks old. In cases of fetal surgeries occurring after the 20-week mark, anesthesia is regularly administered to the fetus to protect against fetal pain. Doctors have also experienced babies born pre-maturely at or near 20 weeks who expe-rience pain in the same way that a full- term baby or an adult would. It is inhumane to subject these inno-cent beings to that gruesome practice of abortion, knowing full well that they will feel every painful moment. b2000 Mr. Speaker, I think about my own children and how excited my wife and I were throughout her pregnancies. Even without today’s developed science, we knew that our children were special, that they were alive, that they were helpless, and that we had the responsi-bility for their safety and well-being in the womb. We never would have inten-tionally caused pain or harm to any of our unborn children. But by allowing this practice to con-tinue, we are not only torturing these helpless babies who will be dis-membered limb by limb, we are also ending their lives. They will never re-alize their God-given potential on this Earth. They will never be mothers, wives, husbands, and fathers. They will never be siblings. They will never be able to fulfill the measure of their cre-ation. Their last memory will be filled with great agony and distress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.041 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7658 October 2, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, there is nothing that we do in Congress that will have efficacy if we choose to fail to protect the most innocent among us. If, at the very least, we cannot defend those who feel pain, then we are unworthy to lead this Nation. We have a great responsibility and charge to protect these children, and we will not fail them. Please vote ‘‘yes’’ tomorrow. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for his re-marks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ), and I thank him for coming to the floor to-night. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona and all those who have spoken, obviously, so emotionally and so pas-sionately about protecting the unborn. Mr. Speaker, I am a proud cosponsor of H.R. 36. I am a strong believer in the sanctity of life. I believe each and every person, born and unborn, is a child of God. Our children are our future and a gift to all of us, and respecting the right to life is one of the strongest values we hold as Americans. That is why I come to the floor today to urge my col-leagues to support the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, which would stop late-term abortions. Studies have shown that unborn chil-dren can feel pain in the womb 20 weeks after pregnancy, an agonizing fact with disturbing indications that we know that this is a gruesome act against the unborn. As a proud father of three, we know, when those babies come into this world, that their cries are cries of joy; it is a cry of life. That is what we are protecting. No child of God should be subjected to the torturous pain that comes as a result of a late-term abor-tion. Mr. Speaker, it is clear that my con-stituents sent me to Washington to promote a culture and respect for life. They know as well as I do that it is vital for us to fight for those who have no voice and cannot be heard. This bill shows the world that Amer-ica will stand up to protect the most vulnerable amongst us. I strongly urge my colleagues to support the passage of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-tection Act. Let this Congress and the vote of each and every Member be known as the one who stood up for life by speak-ing out against the horrors of abortion. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for his re-marks. It is now my honor to yield to the honorable gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM). Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his lead-ership on this piece of legislation, which will, quite literally, save lives. I am so grateful that we are having this debate on the House floor at this point. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. I believe that every life, including an unborn baby’s life, has dignity and value. But more than 40 years ago, the Supreme Court handed down a decision in direct con-tradiction to those principles. In the decades since, I have joined with many families and my colleagues in the House and many across the Na-tion fighting to undo the damage that has been done. We have got a long way to go in this country, but the passage of H.R. 36 would be a step in the right direction. A strong and growing body of med-ical research provides evidence that pain receptors develop in unborn babies at no later than 20 weeks. Medical pro-fessionals have testified about seeing babies that age recoil from painful stimuli. Others have been able to meas-ure increases in stress hormones when babies inside the womb are subjected to pain. If fetal surgery is performed, that baby is given anesthesia in many cases to shield them from the pain of sur-gery. Yet our Nation’s laws allow for these babies to endure the pain of a life-ending abortion. It is absolutely heartbreaking. My husband and I knew that our lives had completely changed the minute that we heard our oldest daughter’s heartbeat. I will never forget that mo-ment. I hope that she knows how proud we are of the generous and compas-sionate person that she has grown up to become. She has grown up quickly, and I love to think back about those days when she was still a little girl and when she wasn’t much taller than I. We read a lot back then. We read books. We read the Bible. One of her fa-vorite books was Dr. Seuss’ book, ‘‘Horton Hears a Who!’’ which says: ‘‘A person is a person no matter how small.’’ Each time we read that line, I thought back to those first moments when I heard her muffled heartbeats and thought about Kassidy and thought about ‘‘a person is a person no matter how small.’’ I had that blessed moment three dif-ferent times with my three different children, and I pray every day that each and every baby’s heartbeat would be heard by parents who understand the gift that that life is from our God who loves them dearly. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defend the smallest among us this week and pass H.R. 36, the Pain-Capa-ble Unborn Child Protection Act. I thank the gentleman for his leadership. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, I sincerely thank the gentlewoman for her remarks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N ORMAN ). Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my colleague from Arizona’s bill, the Pain-Capable Un-born Child Protection Act, as well as the rights of the unborn. As a father of 4 children and a grandfather to 15 grandchildren, I strongly believe that life begins at conception. I whole-heartedly feel that nothing is more precious or beautiful than a life. I will do everything in my power to continue to advocate for those who cannot advo-cate for themselves. Since the passage of Roe v. Wade in 1973, nearly 60 million abortions have been performed. Mr. Speaker, this is a moral atrocity. I am a proud cosponsor of H.R. 36, which would make it illegal to attempt or to perform an abortion if an unborn child is 20 weeks or older with exceptions. Science has proven that babies are capable of feeling pain at the start of the third trimester. It is imperative that we protect the lives of the unborn. Our Nation was built upon the idea of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness. We guarantee that every Amer-ican citizen has a right to pursue abso-lute happiness. Our Constitution guar-antees that every American has the right to liberty and justice. Should we, as Americans, not guar-antee that every American has a right to life as well? Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill and the protection of the sanctity of life for all Americans. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman very sin-cerely for his remarks. I am glad he came this way here recently. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my very good friend, T
RENT FRANKS , for yielding to me and for providing the leadership in the pro-life movement. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. As a proud father of 5 and a grandfather of 13, I firmly believe that the value of an unborn life cannot be understated. H.R. 36 takes a crucial step to ensure that we protect thousands of innocent lives every year. Scientific evidence clearly demonstrates that unborn ba-bies feel pain by at least 20 weeks of age. By 20 weeks, an unborn baby is so developed that he or she can hear and respond to sounds. Ending these lives through abortion is both cruel and inhumane. There is no excuse. Our Nation must do better. We should not be one of only seven countries—including North Korea, Vietnam, and China—to have elective, on-demand abortion after 20 weeks of development. This is an abuse of the basic human rights, and it is unaccept-able in the eyes of God and by any standard of human morality. As Members of Congress, it is our duty and our moral obligation to pass H.R. 36 so that we may protect those who are the most defenseless. Mr. Speaker, our Declaration of Independ-ence guarantees all Americans enjoy the unalienable right of life, and that includes the unborn. Thanks to incredible advances in modern medicine, babies born at 20, 21, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.043 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7659 October 2, 2017 
and 22 weeks of age are able to survive. Our medical community strives to save and protect these premature babies, yet, in an inconsistent fashion, current policy permits aborting a child at that exact same stage of development. Mr. Speaker, the sanctity of every human life must be protected. This bill affirms the humanity of the unborn while curbing the inhumanity of abor-tion. God knows that it is time that we hold abortionists who perform these late-term abortions accountable for their abhorrent actions. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, I thank my very good friend from Texas very much for speaking on the floor tonight. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
ANKS ). Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague for yielding. I, too, rise today in strong support of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. This bill would pro-hibit any elective abortion attempt of an unborn child who is 20 weeks or older, the age at which research shows children are able to feel pain. I think it is worth noting that this landmark legislation is projected to save between 12,000 and 18,000 lives each year. These are individuals who will become fathers, mothers, techno-logical innovators, servicemembers, and hardworking contributors to our great Nation. Ten years ago, studies began to emerge proving that an unborn child is able to feel pain as early as 20 weeks post-fertilization. So as our Nation’s understanding of fetal pain has become more advanced, protections for pain- capable unborn children have been signed into law in 20 States, including my home State of Indiana. But that is not enough. Despite claims from many pro-abortion groups, late-term abortion is neither safe or, unfortunately, rare. As recently as 2014, it was estimated that 430 abortion facilities in the United States were willing to perform abortions on unborn children 20 weeks or older. This sort of late-term abortion—at the point when the child can actually feel the procedure—will continue to happen without a Federal prohibition. Sixty percent of women, 56 percent of Independents, and 46 percent of Demo-crats support this sort of legislation. It has broad public support. Let’s ensure that all 50 States have protections for vulnerable pain-capable unborn children. I have advocated for these protections my entire career, from the State house in Indiana to here in the United States Congress. That is why today I express my strong support for the passage of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-tection Act, introduced by my distin-guished colleague, Congressman T
RENT  F
RANKS of Arizona. I urge my col-leagues tomorrow as well to support this important legislation. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Congressman B
ANKS very much for his remarks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distin-guished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, pre-born babies feel pain. The medical field has found clear evidence that pre-born babies have the capacity to feel intense pain at 20 weeks. b2015 That is what this legislation is about. When a child’s body is grue-somely dismembered, they feel pain. When the abortion doctor attempts to use a ‘‘less crunchy technique’’—as we learned in last year’s abhorrent videos about Planned Parenthood, which was their words—to procure more intact body parts, they feel pain. Mr. Speaker, I shudder to think of the millions of lives taken from this world in such a gruesome and violent manner. Equally disturbing is the thought of how much pain has been en-dured by millions of pre-born babies whose lives have been cut short since Roe v. Wade. We must do more to promote a cul-ture of life in this country. We must do more to lessen a culture of violence. That is why I rise today in strong sup-port of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. By acknowledging that babies feel the pain of abortion at 20 weeks, this legislation affirms the in-herent humanity of the most inno-cent—unborn babies—in our country. To add to that, this legislation also includes protections for babies that survive an attempted abortion. It en-sures that children who do survive and are able to continue to live outside the womb are given the immediate medical attention they deserve so that they have a chance to live. With growing developments in the medical field, children are able to sur-vive outside the womb at earlier points in pregnancy. Such was the case for Micah Pickering, for whom this legis-lation is name for. Micah was born at 20 weeks’ gestation and is now a healthy 5-year-old. The Congressional Budget Office re-cently reported that approximately 2,750 lives per year will be saved through this bill. That is 2,750 girls and boys; daughters and sons; brothers and sisters; and not medical waste, like op-ponents of this legislation would like you to believe. The United States is only one of seven countries, including North Korea and China, that allow abortion after 20 weeks. Are we really that kind of Nation? Does our Constitution not grant all Americans the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, no matter how small or seemingly insignificant they are? Mr. Speaker, this is commonsense legislation. I urge every single Member of this body to take a deep look inside themselves and ask if they support not only inflicting pain on unborn babies, but also denying these innocent babies their constitutional right to life. I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Arizona, for his leadership on this important issue. If you want to stand for a culture of life, vote for this bill. If you want to take a stand against a culture of vio-lence, vote for this bill. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-er, in closing, I simply say that some-times I think we kind of get caught up in things and we grow used to some-thing that otherwise would horrify us. Before the sun set this evening, we saw 3,000 unborn little Americans die a tragic and lonely death. That is in the land of the free and the home of the brave. Mr. Speaker, each time that took place, not only did a nameless little baby die a lonely and tragic death, but the mother was never the same again. All the gifts that that child might have brought to this world are now lost for-ever. So, Mr. Speaker, I pray that some-how in this debate we would put aside which people are right and ask: What is the right thing for America? The very creed of this country is the notion that all of us have the Imago Dei, or the image of God, stamped on our souls. If that is true, Mr. Speaker, then there is a far greater question here than we can ever imagine. Mr. Speaker, I think if we ask our-selves the truest and deepest question, then perhaps we will begin to see the winds of change begin to blow in this country. That is very simply without all of the rationalization, without all of the gotchas and the what-ifs and the avoiding of the subject, and if we just ask ourselves one basic question: Does abortion kill a little baby? If it does not, Mr. Speaker, then I sincerely am one that can get up out of this Chamber and never speak of it again. But if abortion really does kill a little human child, then those of us standing here in the seat of freedom, the greatest Nation in the history of the world, also stand here in the midst of the greatest human genocide in the history of the human family. Mr. Speaker, that is not what we are called to do in this world, as the great-est Nation that ever had the chance to exist on this Earth. Mr. Speaker, I hope that, as we de-bate the bill tomorrow, we can put aside anything but the truth and just examine in our own hearts who we really are. If we do that, I believe we will pass the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act on October 3, 2017. By the grace of God, it will go over to the Senate and they will find a way to bring this bill to the floor and send it to President Trump, who I have every conviction will sign the bill, and for which I am very grateful. Mr. Speaker, God bless America, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my friend and colleague 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.044 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7660 October 2, 2017 
TRENT FRANKS for his hard work on this impor-tant issue. I rise today in support of the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. Children are gifts from God—before and after they are born. They are tiny humans with endless potential and complete innocence. This bill would stop the practice of ending these precious lives after 20 weeks of preg-nancy, except in cases of rape or incest or ne-cessity to save the mother’s life. Similar laws have been passed in about 16 states, and this Chamber passed similar legis-lation in 2015. The United States is 1 of only 7 countries that does not ban abortions of these 20-week-year-old unborn babies. Science indicates that, at about this age, these children have the physical structures needed to feel pain. We do not want anyone to have an un-wanted pregnancy, but we want mothers to know that abortion is not their only option. And we want these children protected from pain and harm. Mr. Speaker, it is time to protect our Na-tion’s most innocent from inhumane suffering and premature death. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS: GOVERNMENT’S RESPONSE IN NATURAL DISASTERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) is recog-nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude any extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from the Virgin Islands? There was no objection. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to rise today to anchor this CBC Special Order hour. Today, Monday, October 2, members of the Congressional Black Caucus will be speaking on the floor about the dev-astating impact of natural disasters, particularly hurricanes, and the crit-ical role of the Federal Government’s response. In the wake of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and now Maria, the Federal Gov-ernment has already deployed assets to affected regions, from HHS public health resources, the Coast Guard, the Urban Search and Rescue Task Force, to Corps of Engineers flood-fighting projects. In the coming weeks and months, ad-ditional resources will help shelter dis-placed Americans and get businesses back on their feet. Congress must also ensure that the Federal response to these disasters is just and equitable, and that communities of color are not directly or indirectly harmed by recov-ery efforts. During this time, we will hear from other members of the Congressional Black Caucus and its friends to discuss this issue. For the next 60 minutes, we have a chance to speak directly to the American people on issues of great im-portance to the Congressional Black Caucus, Congress, the constituents we represent, and all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ), from the city of Newark. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Is-lands, Congresswoman P
LASKETT , for hosting tonight’s Special Order hour on the Federal Government’s response to natural disasters. I believe that Ms. P
LASKETT and the experience that she has had in her homeland can open our eyes to the devastation that has taken place in the Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico as well. It is unthinkable what these Amer-ican citizens have been through over the last several weeks and will con-tinue to suffer for months into the fu-ture. Before I begin, I have a message for the families and the friends of the 58 innocent people whose lives were taken and the more than 500 who were injured in Las Vegas overnight: The country’s compassion and thoughts go out to you. Our hearts break with yours. For those injured, know that the American people are praying for your recovery. To the first responders who put their lives on the line daily: Thank you. What went down in Las Vegas last night was an act of terrorism. There is no other name for it. A deranged man with a small arsenal of firearms in a hotel room shot into a crowd of people at a concert. For an hour and 12 min-utes, people watched the chaos unfold. All the moments of silence in the world won’t change what happened last night in Las Vegas, last year in Or-lando, the year before in Charleston, and the list goes on. Moments of silence used to be for showing honor or respect. There is nothing honorable about keeping silent and doing nothing to prevent gun vio-lence. There is nothing respectful about rejecting every single reasonable gun bill proposed in the past decade. What kind of Nation are we when we sacrifice human lives on the altar of the gun lobby? The time to act was yesterday. The Federal Government has a moral duty to protect the welfare of American citi-zens before tragedy strikes. Yet, when the news moves from one disaster to another, we often suffer a sort of amne-sia. We don’t seem to remember or learn from our mistakes. We forget to fix the problems our citizens call us about every single day, and the prob-lems inevitably repeat themselves. One issue we seem to have repeated amnesia about is the high cost our con-stituents face when evacuating disaster areas, particularly after hurricanes. We read reports that, due to reduced ca-pacity and high demand, flights are full or tickets are prohibitively expensive. Even if the airlines capped flight prices, like they did last week, Federal taxes and fees can increase the price of an evacuation by 20 percent. Recently, this hit home for me. One of my district staffers had family stuck in Puerto Rico. Because Hurricane Maria knocked out power and the tele-phone lines, my staffer had no way of knowing whether her loved ones were alive or dead. Many constituents have contacted our offices to let us know the difficulty they were having in try-ing to find out whether their loved ones were safe or not and how we could help. She tried to get in touch with her family for 8 long days before hearing that they were okay. Then, when my staffer tried to book a flight for her family to get out of Puerto Rico, the only tickets available were for first class. First class. That is over $700 on a flight full of disaster evacuees. My D.C. staff did a little digging. Here is what they learned. The Amer-ican people rely on the goodwill of the airlines to cap the prices of flights from disaster areas. The airlines decide when to start the cap and when to end it. b2030 The airlines decide whether to keep selling first class tickets, and the Fed-eral Government never stops charging taxes on flights from disaster areas. American citizens deserve better, Mr. Speaker. That is why, starting this week, I will be introducing a series of bills to ease the financial burden Americans face when escaping natural disasters. The humanitarian flight fairness package will do four things. First, it will allow the Secretary of Transpor-tation to declare an aviation humani-tarian crisis at specific airports cov-ered by a Presidential declaration of emergency. Second, it will allow the Secretary of Transportation to mandate that air-lines charge no more than the median fair price of all seats sold on that route in the prior calendar year. Third, the package would require the FAA to waive the $5.60 passenger facil-ity charge during an aviation humani-tarian crisis. And fourth, the package would re-quire the FAA to waive the U.S. inter-national transportation tax, which is $18 on a flight from Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. American citizens, Mr. Speaker. Too often Congress reacts to crisis. It is time for us to be proactive. It is time for us to legislate before another dis-aster strikes. The humanitarian flight fairness package is a commonsense so-lution to a problem that directly af-fects our constituents. Mr. Speaker, I always try to deal in common sense. As a matter of fact, I have a constituent back at home who constantly reminds me of how shallow I am, so I can do nothing but rely on common sense based on this constitu-ent’s feelings about me. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC7.023 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7661 October 2, 2017 
I want to thank the congresswoman again for hosting this Special Order hour, and I look forward to continue working with her as she addresses the issues faced by Americans affected by natural disasters, whether it is on the mainland or in the territories. They all are American citizens. When it benefits this Nation to have Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands be a part of the United States, it does not hesitate. But when these American citizens are in trouble, they deserve the same rights that every American citizen benefits from in this great Na-tion—and it is great, and we want to continue to make sure that it remains great. I continue to make the point, Mr. Speaker, that these are American citi-zens we are talking about. This is not foreign aid. This is not mutual aid. This is aiding American citizens in trouble, in disaster, in peril, no insulin for diabetics, no dialysis for kidney pa-tients in two or three weeks. That is a death sentence, Mr. Speaker, and we cannot allow it to continue. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. P
AYNE , my colleague, for those sentiments and that support to the people of the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico and to all the people of the Caribbean region. I am grateful for his empathy, for his support, the support of his constituents, as well as all the Members who have reached out to the Virgin Islands in these last several weeks. The islands have been struck by something that is nothing less than cataclysmic in many respects, particu-larly in a time of year when we are pre-paring for what is right now our only viable and large industry, the tourism industry. We have lost that for this year. We have lost that on all of the is-lands, all of the regions at this time. I know that so many of you have seen and expressed—so many Members on both sides of the aisle have come up to me and said, or texted or called and said, that they are there for me, and I am going to hold them to that. I am going to hold them to that because what we are facing in the Virgin Is-lands, I feel guilty right now—and I told my staff—being here, having air conditioning, sitting in a room. I feel guilty because I know what the chil-dren of the Virgin Islands are going through right now. There is no air conditioning. There is no light on the islands right now. Many of the people, many of the commu-nities are in utter darkness, and as the heat rises with the amount of moisture that is in the air, we know that there will be health hazards that are about to happen in terms of mosquitoes, with dengue, chikungunya, and all other kinds of diseases that are going to be occurring. Mr. PAYNE. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. PLASKETT. I yield to the gen-tleman from New Jersey. Mr. PAYNE. Let me just say in terms of your guilt. It is not a guilt. It should not be guilt. It is an obligation for you to be here in the people’s House to rep-resent your constituents here, to be their voice. That is why they sent you here to Washington. So do not be guilty about doing the job you have been sent to do. Ms. PLASKETT. I know that that is why I am here because I need to be their voice, because they are voiceless right now. If you look on national media, you hear about what is hap-pening in Puerto Rico, and, Lord knows, I feel for our fellow islanders, our brothers and sisters over there, but very rarely do you hear about what is happening in the Virgin Islands. On September 6, Hurricane Irma, one of the most powerful Atlantic storms this century, destroyed the islands of St. John and St. Thomas, the islands that are part of the district that I rep-resent. Three weeks later, the island of St. Croix was devastated by Maria, a second Category 5 hurricane ripping through the U.S. Virgin Islands in less than a month. Both Hurricanes Irma and Maria have wreaked havoc in the U.S. territories of the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, and other Caribbean na-tions. We forget that there are other places in the Caribbean that have also been struck, St. Martin and Sint Maarten, Barbuda, Anguilla, our very close neighbors, the British Virgin Islands, Tortola, Anegada, Virgin Gorda, Jost Van Dyke, places that Americans love to go to, to vacation, to enjoy them-selves, not thinking about the lives of the people that are there or not there anymore. We know that right now the island of Barbuda is without an inhabitant, without an inhabitant in centuries. There is no one on Barbuda after the hurricane. Turks and Caicos, Guadeloupe, Montserrat, one that also strikes me is Dominica. Dominica was not hit by the first Hurricane Irma, and that little is-land nation reached out to the U.S. Virgin Islands, reached out to Puerto Rico and said: We don’t have much, but we are going to give you the money that we have. We, as a government, will give you 200,000. We will bring re-lief. We will bring whatever we can. And 2 weeks later, Hurricane Maria struck them and has devastated that island. Their Prime Minister went to the United Nations a week ago and begged, begged the support of the free world, begged the support of the members of the United Nations to support them. Although the full extent of the two hurricanes’ impact has yet to be as-sessed, it is clear that, in the Carib-bean, the damage from these storms appears to be unparalleled. President Trump issued major dis-aster declaration for the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico. Dozens of deaths and hundreds of injuries have been reported alongside widespread infrastructure damage all throughout the Caribbean. I received a text just this morning from members of my family who are still looking for loved ones on the is-land of St. Croix. That is why, in the days and months ahead, we must con-tinue to work together to ensure that the individuals and families impacted by these devastating storms receive all the aid they need. The catastrophic de-struction caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria demands massive amounts of aid to address the overwhelming needs of the countless victims who now face the daunting task of rebuilding their lives. FEMA has been on the ground in the Virgin Islands even before Irma hit the islands of St. John and St. Thomas. There are now more than 12,600 Federal staff engaged in response and recovery operations from Hurricanes Maria and Irma in the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico, representing nearly three dozen departments and agencies. Storms of this magnitude require the full attention and support of the entire Nation. The people of the Virgin Is-lands have lost their homes and posses-sions. Businesses have been lost along-side hospitals, schools, utility systems, and other vital infrastructure. To give you an example, after Irma, Roy Schneider Medical Center, the only hospital on the island of St. Thomas, was partially destroyed, its roof ripped off, its walls caved in, win-dows blown out. Patients needed to be evacuated to the island of St. Croix and to San Juan to be at Juan Luis Hos-pital on St. Croix and additional hos-pitals on San Juan, as well as the vet-erans facility there. Of course, people were thinking that St. Croix, after Irma, would be the base. As people on St. Thomas and St. John were reeling from the devastation of Irma, post offices were gone, schools annihilated, mud slides began after ad-ditional rains, people in Coral Bay on St. John felt lost, isolated, trapped. Many people had days, almost weeks before they could get out and be in the rest of the public population. When Maria came, Maria struck what we thought would be our base camp, the island of St. Croix, and as luck would have it, the only functional hos-pital left in the Virgin Islands, the hos-pital of Juan Luis was breached by Hurricane Maria and has now been con-demned by the Army Corps of Engi-neers. What facility will Virgin Islanders use? Will we continue to be in tents manned by the brave men and women of our military who have come down to support us? Will we operate from an op-erating room, an emergency room in a box, what they have given us thus far? That can’t be. We have one func-tioning operating room that is being held together by the good graces and MacGyvering of the men and women of Juan Luis Hospital right now. Should that be for American citizens? I went on distribution lines. I went to grocery stores where people were wait-ing for hours. I am telling you hours— 3 hours to get gas; 3, 4 hours, the entire time of a curfew, to go on a distribu-tion line to get a couple of packs of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.048 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7662 October 2, 2017 
water and some MREs for a family, standing out in the hot Caribbean sun. People were sharing umbrellas, sharing water, singing with each other trying to keep their spirits up. I met a man who had his veteran’s cap on, Vietnam vet, people who are members of The American Legion and asking me: ‘‘I fought for this country; I am an American citizen; do they think about us? I have not seen us on the news. My family tells me that we are not on the news,’’ because, of course, his TV is not working, because almost all of the Virgin Islands is in darkness. b2045 We have been able, through the val-iant effort of our water and power au-thority and the linemen and others who are out there, to bring power to critical structures; to our government house; to the main blocks in Christian-sted; to parts of Charlotte Amalie, the capital of the Virgin Islands; to the air-port so that relief planes can come in and out. That is who is in light right now. But for so many others and children right now, it is darkness for them. The couple of hours that they have outside of the curfew are to be making the rounds to get ice, to keep insulin re-frigerated in their homes, to keep milk for children and formula for babies cold before it goes bad. That is the daily struggle now of Virgin Islanders, Amer-ican citizens, veterans, people who pledge their allegiance to this flag, people who are proud to say that they are American citizens. As we saw on the mainland in the United States following Hurricanes Katrina, Sandy, and, most recently, Harvey, Americans need to come to-gether again with compassion and care. I have heard commitment from the President and my colleagues in Con-gress to the U.S. territories receiving the support they need. Moving forward, I am hopeful, but vigilant, and I will make sure that they keep to their promise and their commitment that President Trump and this Congress delivers on the promises to support their fellow Americans in the Caribbean region. This is a plea by me on behalf of my people to keep us in your thoughts, prayers, and support in the coming months and years. May our collective attention span endure enough through the constant new cycle so that we can come together to move beyond relief to healing and prosperity. This is an opportunity. I keep trying to tell our young people on the islands who are in despair, who have low mo-rale, that this is an opportunity for us to leapfrog technology, to create the kind of Virgin Islands, for the Virgin Islands to be the beacon in the Carib-bean region, the beacon of what Amer-ican might can do when it does what it is supposed to do. It is this Congress’ constitutional re-sponsibility to the territories. The be-nign neglect that this Congress has gotten away with for the last 100 years needs to stop right now. They need to stop wagging their finger and telling Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands that they have not done what they are supposed to do when this Congress knows that they are not doing the right thing by those territories. Our formulas are different. The money that we receive is different. We get the short shrift on every bill that comes on this floor. Yet, still, you expect us to stretch that out like the poor stepchild that you think we are to make do and keep quiet. But it is going to stop right now. We cannot be quiet anymore, because not only are we hungry, 30 percent of the children of the Virgin Islands live in poverty, but now we are blind as well. There is no cell reception in most of the areas of the Virgin Islands. While I was down there last week, my staff and I roamed the islands with our cell phones, sitting in bypasses, sitting in areas with others, trying to get a sig-nal to plead with the National Security Council, plead with FEMA, and others to do the right thing by the Virgin Is-lands. Given the enormity of the challenges ahead, the Virgin Islands will require the coordinated and sustained financial commitment of the United States. For this reason, I ask that Members of Con-gress fully support inclusion of funding in forthcoming disaster supplemental packages that will aid in short-term as well as long-term relief, recovery, and reconstruction of the Virgin Islands. The international community, includ-ing the United States, has an obliga-tion to work with affected govern-ments to restore infrastructure, pro-vide critical relief, and help recovery and build back our islands. We must act quickly to save lives, ensure that those in the Virgin Islands are back on the road to swift recovery. Listen, I know we are hearing that FEMA is on the ground, that supplies are there, and that things are moving along. I must admit, FEMA is on the ground. I see the supplies in the car-tons, in the containers on our ports, and I hear the discussions at daily briefings that go on at our local emer-gency management system to how they are working hand in hand with FEMA. I believe that the Army Corps and the Department of Defense and FEMA are there and they want to lend a hand. But something is not working, whether it is in the local government, a dysfunction there, or dysfunction in communications, or dysfunction at the highest levels of the Federal Govern-ment. Because when I go to neighbor-hoods like Whim, when I go to Tutu High Rise, when I go to Coral Bay, when I go to Hannah’s Rest, when I go to Frederiksted and talk with people and they tell me they haven’t had water in a week, something is wrong, and something needs to be done by this Congress that has the responsibility for the Virgin Islands. How can a child in the United States say that they don’t have water? How can a child in the United States say that water is streaming over them be-cause many of the roofs in many of these areas are completely gone? So what I wanted to do was to walk the Members of Congress and you, Mr. Speaker, through the destruction that I have seen with my eyes in the Virgin Islands. What you see right here is a home. This is a private homeowner’s home completely gone. It looks like a con-struction site. It looks as if they are trying to start building when, in fact, this was someone’s home before. Additionally, this is another home that now looks like a construction site that people are living in. People can no longer be here. They have abandoned— they have had to leave this home. I have additional things that I would like to show you. This is a line right now of people to fill up some containers with gas so that they can keep generators going for a couple of hours a day so that their chil-dren can read, so that they can wash themselves, so they can find out what is going on in the outside world. People can listen to a radio to find out what is not being said about them by others. Here is another home in the Virgin Islands. This is the kind of destruction that took place on the islands that I represent, the islands that are my home. This is all of St. John. Our transportation system between the is-lands has been completely obliterated. This is a ferry that was used between St. Thomas and St. John to bring goods, to bring people between those is-lands. The islands of St. John, Cruz Bay, Chocolate Hole, and Coral Bay now feel cut off, left out, because the ferry system has been down for many weeks. Look at this. This is what is hap-pening in the Virgin Islands right now. This is the main street in Christian-sted. If you look over here, this is the government house, and this is what our roads look like after the hurricane. You can see that this roof is actually a part of the roof over here that has com-pletely been sheared off by Hurricane Maria and strewn across the street. Lines are down and poles are down. This is a commercial business on the island of St. Croix, a business that will take months, if not a year, at least, to recover if FEMA moves quickly on sup-porting a small business loan so that they can have the support that they need to be able to do that. These are the things that you don’t see on the news that the people of the Virgin Islands are dealing with right now. What is our greatest asset—and has been for some years after our oil refinery was closed, after this Congress in 2004 changed the rules for the Amer-ican JOBS Act that took away many of our knowledge-based businesses, our fi-nancial services sector—is we have had to rely on tourism. And this is a hotel room in one of our major hotels. This is what the destruc-tion of the hurricanes look like in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.049 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7663 October 2, 2017 
Virgin Islands right now. This is a hotel room that will not be available for the coming months for the people of the Virgin Islands to be able to sustain themselves with employment. What I am showing you now was, at one point, two homes, two home-owners’ families. You can see the two houses look literally as if a hurricane just came across them and smashed them with a fist from the top. You can barely make out what was once in these homes. These homes no longer exist. These people have no homes. There is no temporary shelter des-ignation right now. People are living in shelters in some of the few schools that are still intact, which means: Where are our children going to go to school? Many of our schools have also been destroyed. What will happen to the children of the Virgin Islands? What will happen to us all? Here is what some of the roads look like when we talk about the utility system and the need—or why we are in the dark in the Virgin Islands right now. This is a major road. Can you imag-ine having this next to your house? Can you imagine this amount of tran-sponders, transformers, in front of your home? This is why most of the Virgin Is-lands are in the dark right now. This is what is happening on these islands. This is someone’s home. This is our industry. This is tourism right now in the Virgin Islands. This is a hotel room in one of our major resorts. Places known over the world—Caneel Bay on St. John—are gone, are obliterated, will be no more for 2 or 3 years. What are the people of the Virgin Is-lands supposed to do? Are we asking for much? We are asking for support. We fight in your wars. We begged when we be-came part of the United States to be part of the draft because we want to take on the responsibility of American citizenship. But under the Constitu-tion, it is this Congress, Mr. Speaker, which has responsibility for the terri-tories: Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Is-lands, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Marianas. And I have to tell you that it has been a poor job that you have been doing of that responsi-bility thus far. We get the short shrift in Federal funding in formulas. Let’s not talk about the Affordable Care Act. We don’t even have an exchange to have been upset that we lost an exchange. That was never given to us. The Virgin Islands, with 30 percent of the children living in poverty, still don’t get the disproportionate share for hospitals that the rest of the United States get. Why? I can’t get a straight answer about why we shouldn’t have it, but we don’t. Neither do the smaller island terri-tories. This is what we are left with. And we are asking you for your support. I am asking you for their support. I am beg-ging for support for the people that I represent, because many Virgin Island-ers are not going to beg you for sup-port. That is not in them, that is not who they are. The biggest phrase that people have right now when I go around the islands after Irma and after Maria—both Category 5 when they struck the U.S. Virgin Islands—and I ask people, ‘‘How did you make out?’’— that is now our new greeting for one another: ‘‘So good to see you. How did you make out?’’ And people’s response is continually: ‘‘Thank God I have life. I am blessed I have life.’’ And when you have to press them to ask them, ‘‘What happened to your home,’’ then they will just shake their head, ‘‘It is no more. My home is no more. But thank God I have life. I am good. We are good.’’ That is the kind of people who are the people of the Virgin Islands. So they are not going to beg this Congress for support. I am going to beg for them, because you haven’t been doing it out of your own volition or what you know is right to do. You haven’t done it thus far. What is happening in Puerto Rico is happening in the Virgin Islands right now. As the sole representative here in Congress representing the Virgin Is-lands, I will continue the work that I have been doing in support of the is-lands’ overall recovery efforts, includ-ing facilitating generators and security for local grocery stores, businesses so Virgin Islanders can get fresh food and goods, working with local shipping companies to clear the ports and bring commerce and relief packages to the islands, coordinating with housing sup-port for the Red Cross and local shel-ters, as well as rebuilding efforts of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Additionally, I will continue to up-date my residents and businesses around the ongoing efforts to make sure that the U.S. Virgin Islands con-tinue to receive the attention and sup-port they need during these difficult times. b2100 While the devastation of this hurri-cane season has been felt in many parts of our country, it is imperative that we make sure our Virgin Islands continue to be remembered and supported as we begin the long and arduous process of our recovery. We are hopeful. Virgin Is-lands’ motto is ‘‘United in Pride and Hope.’’ That is who we are. I want to thank the Virgin Islanders who are living in the mainland because they, through their efforts, have bridged the gap. Our office gets calls continually from Virgin Islands asso-ciations in places like Houston, At-lanta, New York, Tampa, Orlando, Miami, good Virgin Islanders like Tim Duncan, who, through his own efforts, brought planeloads of support to the people of the Virgin Islands because we want to take care ourselves. We don’t want to ask for your support. But it is your responsibility, Mr. Speaker, it is the responsibility of this Congress to ensure that that is done. I think back on, as a child, hearing stories about Casper Holstein. Many of you may not know the name, but many of you may know him from gangster movies, discussions about New York at the turn of the 20th century. He was a Virgin Islander who created something that everybody calls the numbers sys-tem in New York. After a hurricane and a tsunami in the Virgin Islands, he, of his own pock-et, reached in, commissioned a ship, and sent that ship filled with goods for his fellow Virgin Islanders back home. That is what is happening now be-cause we can’t always count on the Federal Government to do what is right by us. We have to count on our-selves. But I am going to make sure, and I will fight continually with those colleagues on either side of the aisle, whomever is willing to, to support the people of the Virgin Islands, to ensure that their efforts are not in vain. Let me give you a statistic when I talk about veterans and us willing to fight. In the last five conflicts, Virgin Islanders have paid the ultimate price, have greater casualties, three times the national average per capita. We send our sons and daughters on the reg-ular to fight our wars. That is not a duty that we shirk from. Are you shirking from your duty to us, of your responsibility to us? I understand, as I have said, FEMA is on the ground, but there are children who are not getting water. There are old people who are eating MREs that others have brought back to them. Is that what should be happening? Not everybody can get to a distribu-tion center. Not everybody can carry packs of water on their shoulders, on their heads, on their back a mile, what-ever it is, to get back to their home be-cause, as crazy as it sounds in this day and age, not everybody owns a car, not everybody can do that. So this Con-gress has got to figure out a way. I know that Ranking Member C
UM-
MINGS and I issued a request on Sep-tember 29 for my good friend—and he is my friend, T
REY GOWDY , chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee—to express our extremely grave concerns about the dire status of recovery efforts in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, requesting that the committee hold an emergency hearing this week with officials from the De-partment of Defense, Homeland Secu-rity, Health and Human Services, as well as from the White House. The committee this week, I know, has no hearings, no business meeting, no activity scheduled for the entire week, and this issue is in desperate need of rapid and robust oversight. Mil-lions of American citizens residing in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands are facing massive calamities, widespread disease and death, and we need to help them now. Lieutenant General Russel Honore, who commanded Joint Task Force 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.051 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7664 October 2, 2017 
Katrina, recently warned the adminis-tration’s response to this humanitarian crisis is replaying a scene from Katrina. Admiral Paul Zukunft, the Coast Guard Commandant, warned this week that the victims feel betrayed, they feel isolated, and they are prob-ably getting a sense of betrayal of ‘‘where is the cavalry?’’ Everybody else is seeing what other individuals in Puerto Rico have said and their con-cern for what is happening. Now, I want my colleagues to know, I am not necessarily saying that it is the Federal Government’s fault. If it is the fault of local government, then shame on them and let’s expose that for what it is, because all I am con-cerned about is the welfare of the peo-ple of the Virgin Islands, not pro-tecting local government, not pro-tecting bureaucracy, whether it be at the Federal level or at the local level. Let’s have this hearing. Let’s get that information out. The fact that there is no functioning hospital in the Virgin Islands should scare the heck out of us. I was in the hospital at Juan Luis on Wednesday and watched doctors and others cre-ating lists of people, how to get them off the island, how to get our dis-proportionate amount of dialysis pa-tients off the island, how they were going to deal with those who have shunts, heart disease patients in the coming weeks with one makeshift op-erating room that they were working out of. How were they going to do that? How were they going to operate out of a tent that the Army was setting up when we still have a month and a half of hurricane season in the Virgin Is-lands, in the Caribbean? We are not going to be able to continually ship people off the island, fix them up, triage them, and get them off. Our labor and delivery: What if there is a child with special needs when they are born? What about neonatal serv-ices, if that is needed, for a child that is born during this time? God help us. And if you don’t act, God help you in this time of need of your fellow Ameri-cans. I want to thank those Members who have reached out to me and who have expressed their desire to support and help us. Thank you. I am calling on you now for that help to make sure that the people of the Virgin Islands do not continually feel forgotten. I want to thank House Democratic Leader N
ANCY PELOSI , who recently issued a statement calling for the swift and immediate financial commitment to help rebuild the Virgin Islands. I want to thank my Republican col-league, J
ENNIFFER GONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. She and I have been con-tinually texting. I remember texting with her through Maria as she and her brother were holding the door of their home in Puerto Rico, trying to ensure that Maria did not get in that house. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your sisterhood as we both go through this, and how ever you need me, I am there for you. Republicans must join Democrats; Democrats must join Republicans in Congress to address the needs of the communities in crisis by swiftly pass-ing a robust relief package that pro-vides assistance not only today, but throughout the long road to recovery. This is our chance in the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico to show American might, to show American technology, to show American strength. President Trump, you have com-plained about the other islands not wanting to support us when we go to the United Nations or the Organization of American States against places like Venezuela or Cuba or China. Show that they can vote with us because Ameri-cans do what they are supposed to do for the islands that they have responsi-bility over. How are they going to trust us if we can’t even take care of what belongs to us? Our fellow Americans in the Virgin Islands deserve to know that their gov-ernment will be there for them without question or hesitation. I want to thank the country of Den-mark, our previous owner. Many of you know that the Virgin Islands have had seven flags that have been flown over those islands. We are a very valuable place. We are geographically situated in the mouth of the Caribbean Basin to support the United States. That was why we were purchased in 1970. But we have maintained close ties with Denmark, and I want to thank the Ambassador and the Prime Minister, who reached out and said that they wanted to support the territory and submitted the request of the Danish Government to our own U.S. Govern-ment to bring their own additional emergency management agency to the Virgin Islands in support of ongoing ef-forts in areas such as healthcare, water purification systems, and experts, com-mand control support, logistics for clearing, and security support. Thank you for your continued commitment to us. Let that not be the only commitment that we have. I know that the Federal Government, the executive branch, is doing its part. Let this Congress do its part. Let this Congress show, in this time of crisis, that it can rise above partisanship and support the islands of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands. Let those 3.6 million Americans liv-ing in those territories—more than many States in this country—know that they have the full support of this Congress, of the American people, that they are not just a sound bite, that they are not just a rum and Coke and a pina colada when you decide that you want to get away from where you live, that we mean more than that to you, that we are, indeed, full citizens in this American experience, in this democ-racy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 2017 Atlantic hurricane sea-son was among one of the most active hurri-cane seasons on record. Four major hurri-canes—Harvey, Irma, Jose, and Maria—left terrible devastation in their wakes as the United States and its surrounding neighbors were hit with historically catastrophic storms. As we know far too well, these storms caused billions of dollars in damage across Texas, Louisiana, Georgia, Florida, the U.S. Virgin Is-lands, Puerto Rico, and other areas in the re-gion. Much like Hurricane Katrina, the effects of this devastation will be felt for decades. The frequency and intensity of these storms continue to be an ongoing issue for our coun-try, and it is a problem that is only further ex-acerbated by global warming. Warmer oceans and extra heat in the atmosphere caused by climate change provide even more fuel for weather systems. Studies are already dem-onstrating that storms are intensifying signifi-cantly faster today than they did 25 years ago. Additional water vapor in the atmosphere is also leading to extreme precipitation. In fact, Hurricane Harvey brought more than 50 inches of rainfall to the Texas Gulf Coast, rep-resenting the greatest accumulation of rainfall ever recovered in the contiguous United States from a single tropical storm. As the costs of natural disasters continue to increase, we need to be cognizant of the im-pact of these costs on communities all across the United States—particularly communities of color or other areas where our most vulner-able populations reside. Federal disaster re-sponse needs to be fair and equitable across the board. Communities of color suffer greatly from natural disasters as many are left without housing or jobs to return to after the storm. Low income individuals and minorities suffer even greater when these events occur, mak-ing a strong and equitable federal response that much more important. Mr. Speaker, we need to be looking at what we can do as Americans to support our fellow citizens and the steps that we can take to build more resilient infrastructure in the wake of such devastating natural disasters. Each and every American shares in the responsi-bility to face these natural disasters together as one nation, and we cannot afford to ignore entire segments of the population in the wake of these disasters. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus in drawing attention to this year’s catastrophic hurricane season that has severely impacted the Texas, Florida, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico this Hurricane Season. The biggest challenge for residents of the 18th Congressional District is accessing the assistance that is available to them. From getting rooms in hotels for those dis-placed by flood waters to finding Disaster As-sistance Centers that are accessible—when so many cars were damaged by Hurricane Harvey flood waters. This past Saturday, I joined with representa-tives from FEMA to provide critical information to Houstonians attempting to recover from the catastrophe of Hurricane Harvey. Many of them are still waiting for home in-spections and need answers regarding the ap-peals process and how best to utilize Home Inspection Teams. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.053 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7665 October 2, 2017 
I am calling on FEMA to create a new app to provide homeowners with instant status up-dates on the inspection process,’’ said Con-gresswoman Jackson Lee. ‘‘This app should speed up the process of scheduling FEMA in-spectors for a home visit if your home has not been inspected in more than 10 days. This will help the many who are struggling to get their lives back in order. This week, FEMA announced the creation of a new housing program under the Direct Housing Assistance Program, which allows FEMA disaster relief funding to go to individual homeowners or to local governments to pro-vide housing. To be considered for this pro-gram, people must first register with FEMA at www.DisasterAssistance.gov. Local government immediate disaster assist-ance housing options are as follows: 1. Multi-Family Lease and Repair: Direct assistance to repair or improve exist-ing multifamily housing such as apartments in order to provide more housing for survivors. Properties must be three or more units, with each unit providing complete living facilities for cooking, eating, and sanitation. Hotels, motels, and extended stay hotels are not eligible at this time. 2. Direct Leasing: Direct Leasing: Enables local governments to lease a property that typically would not be available to the public, such as corporate lodg-ing. Local government enters into the lease agreement on behalf of individuals or house-holds. Various types of housing properties may be eligible. Manufactured Housing Options (Mobile Homes and Recreational Vehicles): Direct housing places manufactured housing units on private land or commercial pads. Local permitting may apply. There are conditions to receiving housing assistance, but no assistance will be available if an application to FEMA is not made. It is problematic for constituents from the 18th Congressional District, when I know that 81,950 FEMA applicants have been rejected. I know that tens of thousands are still dis-placed with over a 1 million cars having been destroyed by flood water it is difficult to get to the Disaster Recovery Centers. I continue to work to get more Disaster Re-covery Centers opened before the October 24, 2017 deadline to make sure that FEMA re-sources are as accessible as possible. We know that site for housing must be suit-able. There will be Hauling and installation in-cluded only for those people who have applied for FEMA assistance and have be approved to receive assistance. An inspection of the site to determine suit-ability will be scheduled. Partial Repair and Essential Power for Shel-tering (PREPS): PREPS provides minor repairs to homes in locations with limited housing options. For eligible properties that have incurred limited damage displacing individuals from their homes. PREPS provides basic, emergency home repairs—not to include finish work. 3. Direct Assistance for Limited Home Re-pair: Program provides partial repairs to homes with significant damages. Program can include partial repairs to a damaged home where alternative housing is not available or is not cost-effective. FEMA will determine eligibility for permanent housing construction on a case-by-case basis. All other forms of housing assistance must be exhausted before the program can be con-sidered. Some Hurricane Harvey survivors are get-ting an extension to stay temporarily in hotels while they look for an alternative place to live. October 14 is the new checkout date for the Transitional Sheltering Assistance (TSA) pro-gram, which pays for short-term hotel stays. All applicants for FEMA recovery assistance have the right to appeal if they are dissatisfied with FEMA’s determination letter. All appeals must be in writing and explain the reasons why FEMA’s decision may not be correct. The appeal should include any documentation that FEMA requests or that supports your claim. Appeals can be submitted via computer by opening a Disaster Assistance Center (DAC) account at www.disasterassistance.gov. In addition to all of the needs of family are the needs of small businesses who are going to be instrumental in rebuilding our commu-nities. I will soon introduce a bill to provide grants of up to $100 thousand to qualified small busi-ness owners to help them with Hurricane Re-covery. I thank my Colleagues of the Congressional Black Caucus for joining in this Special Order and I look forward to our efforts to meet the needs of people who are impacted by this hur-ricane Season. I would also like to include in the R
ECORD  an article from Vox regarding climate change: 
[From vox.com, Sept. 28, 2017] O
NE OF THE CLEAREST SIGNS OF CLIMATE  C
HANGE IN HURRICANES MARIA, IRMA, AND H
ARVEY WAS THE RAIN Warmer temperatures are increasing the energy and moisture available to hurricanes. The intensity of Hurricane Maria, which made landfall on Puerto Rico as a Category 4 storm on September 20, was part of why it was so devastating to the island and its weak infrastructure, leaving Puerto Ricans in a humanitarian crisis. But this year’s intense Atlantic storm sea-son had another element tying its biggest events together: a monstrous, and sometimes deadly, amount of rain. Images of the flooded metropolises of Houston, Jacksonville, and San Juan with overtopped dams, billowing sewage, and flooded homes show that torrential rain can be one of the most devastating consequences of hurricanes, especially in urban areas where concrete makes it harder for water to drain and where people can drown. Scientists say the extreme rainfall events that feed these floods are on the rise for many parts of the world, and this year’s hur-ricanes fit that trend. In particular, rising temperatures in the ocean and the air along-side booming construction in vulnerable areas are fueling the increased risk from massive deluges. Of the seven hurricanes this year so far, Harvey, Irma, and Maria stand out not just for the amount of rain they dropped, but for how fast they dished it out. 
WHY HURRICANES UNDER WARMER CONDITIONS  
CAN DUMP SO MUCH RAIN  Downpours go hand in hand with hurri-canes, since the cyclones are powered by evaporating and condensing moisture. Warm ocean waters provide the fuel for hurricanes, and warm air causes the water to evaporate. This moisture-laden air then pre-cipitates as rainfall during a hurricane, dis-sipating the heat energy from the water. ‘‘Tropical cyclones are very, very good at converging a whole lot of heat in one place at one time,’’ said Kossin. Air can hold about 7 percent more water for every degree Celsius increase in tempera-ture, Kossin explained. That means warmer air and warmer water could lead to larger, more intense hurri-canes, which in turn lead to more rainfall. (The Saffir-Simpson scale only accounts for windspeed, but precipitation is closely linked to a storm’s intensity.) Scientists are studying these links to understand how fu-ture storms will respond to these conditions. ‘‘Hurricanes live and die by the amount of rainfall they make out of moisture,’’ said George Huffman, a research meteorologist at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center. But where that water lands depends on the speed and the course of the storm, and not all areas are equally vulnerable. ‘‘We know that in particular that [the re-gions around] Houston, Louisiana, and Flor-ida are prone to some of the most extreme precipitation events in the United States,’’ said Sarah Kapnick, a researcher at NOAA’s Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory. ‘‘We do see signs of precipitation extremes increasing in these regions.’’ It’s challenging to make direct compari-sons between extreme rainfall events since their weather systems (e.g., hurricanes, thunderstorms) behave differently, so sci-entists draw on several benchmarks depend-ing on the situation. These include the peak rate of rainfall, total volume of rain, the three-day average rainfall, and the maximum depth of rainfall. And all of these are separate from flooding, which is governed by local geography and how people use land, in addition to the rates and total amounts of rain. ‘‘There is a difference between a 100–year rain event versus a 100–year flood event,’’ Kossin pointed out. HARVEY WAS ABLE TO DUMP AN EXTRAOR -
DINARY QUANTITY OF RAIN BECAUSE OF HOW  
IT HELD STILL OVER HOUSTON  Hurricane Harvey hovered over the Gulf Coast in late August and dumped 33 trillion gallons of water on US soil, according to some estimates, and is now the wettest storm in US history. ‘‘When a storm stalls, that has more to do with the larger scale flow fields it’s sitting in,’’ said Kossin. ‘‘That was just very, very bad luck.’’ The total volume of rain is easier to cal-culate when a storm remains over a fixed area, but it much harder to suss out when hurricanes remain mobile and dump water over a wide swath of land and ocean. NASA’s satellite measurements reported rainfall rates from Harvey as high as 5.8 inches per hour (meteorologists define ‘‘heavy rain’’ as greater than 0.3 inches per hour), while the National Weather Service showed that a ground-based rain gauge in Nederland, Texas, reported 60.58 inches of rainfall, a new record. Meteorologists still have to vet this num-ber, but if confirmed, it would best the pre-vious record—52 inches in Hawaii from Hur-ricane Hiki in 1950—by 8 inches. The US Geological Survey reports that flooding causes an average of $6 billion in damages and 140 fatalities each year. And this year was not an average year, with Har-vey alone costing upward of $180 billion and killing more than 75. The waters from flooding can linger for days, causing injuries, spreading disease, and hampering relief efforts. The majority of Harvey’s victims drowned after the storm, while others were delayed from life-saving care. In one case, a woman died from a flesh- eating bacterial infection after falling into the festering Harvey floodwater in her house. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC7.026 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7666 October 2, 2017 
IRMA ’S PEAK RAIN WAS OVER CUBA  Hurricane Irma, meanwhile, set a record for its sustained intensity. ‘‘Irma was a complete standout: 185 mph and stayed there for a day and half,’’ Kossin said. ‘‘These storms do not stay there that long.’’ This intensity was matched with a firehose of rain, dumping water at 10.8 inches an hour, reaching depths of 20 inches in Cuba and 15.8 inches in Florida. The downpour led to flooding from 23 riv-ers and creeks in Central and North Florida, forcing highways to close. The state reported at least seven deaths from drowning. In Cuba, Irma’s storm surge overtopped the Havana seawall, while unrelenting rain turned the capital’s streets into rivers, kill-ing at least 10 people . 
MARIA TOOK DIRECT AIM AT PUERTO RICO AND  
THEN REGAINED STRENGTH  With tropical force winds reaching 230 miles from its center, Hurricane Maria com-pletely engulfed Puerto Rico as it bisected the 100-mile wide island, picking up steam again one it was clear. Satellite measurements already show that it poured as much as 6.44 inches of rain per hour and has left Puerto Rico shrouded in darkness. The Cordillera Central mountain range that forms the spine of the island of Puerto Rico acted as a juicer for Hurricane Maria, Huffman explained. Perhaps the worst blow from Maria was the 150 mph winds that knocked down 80 percent of the island’s power transmission lines and 85 percent of its cellphone towers, leaving people in the dark and struggling to contact each other. But the flooding from rainfall has been a hazard too, including threatening to breach Guajataca Dam in the Western part of the island, forcing hundreds to evac-uate. At least 18 fatalities have been reported in Puerto Rico so far, including two police offi-cers who drowned. 
THE CLIMATE SIGNAL IN DELUGES LIKE THESE IS  
EMERGING  No single weather event—even an extreme one—can be ‘‘caused’’ by climate change, as Vox’s David Roberts has explained in detail. And when talking about hurricanes, re-searchers are quite hesitant to even estimate how much climate change is to blame. Huffman said he’s not yet sure if this storm season is ‘‘unprecedented’’ in its ferocity. However, rising average temperatures are definitely an important element of huge storms like Harvey, Irma, and Maria. Warmer temperatures are driving sea level rise, which is increasing risks from the storm surges that often herald hurricanes. Increasing heat is also warming up the ocean, and hotter air holds onto more mois-ture, increasing the available energy for hur-ricanes. And independent of cyclones, extreme rain-fall events are on the rise. Kapnick noted that even individual rain storms can be overwhelming, like storm that drenched Baton Rouge last year with 31.39 inches of rain and three times the volume of water of Hurricane Katrina throughout Lou-isiana in 2005. As the chart below shows, the amount of rain from a once-in-every-30-years rainstorm like the one that immersed Baton Rouge has gone up due to warming: ‘‘In this region where we have known pre-cipitation extremes, we have been able to de-tect an increase in precipitation extremes due to a warming climate,’’ Kapnick said. And scientists are getting better at fig-uring out when the torrential downpours are coming. ‘‘If you pay attention, we’ve had a really remarkable series of forecasts,’’ said Huffman. ‘‘For Irma, we knew four to five days in advance that there would be a sharp right turn. Twenty years ago, you wouldn’t have dreamed of doing that.’’ ‘‘Everything we see is consistent with what we expect climate change to do,’’ Kossin said. INSTRUMENTS SOMETIMES CAN ’T STAND UP TO  
THE EXTREME WEATHER THEY ’RE TRYING TO  
MEASURE  Huffman explained that researchers aim to combine different instruments to get a ro-bust handle on rainfall. ‘‘The gold standard is rain gauges because they physically collect the rain,’’ said Huffman. The next option is ground-based radar, which covers a wider swath of the weather than rain gauges, but less directly measures rain. But take a look at what happened to a weather radar station in Puerto Rico: This illustrates part of the challenge of at-taching numbers to extreme weather events. Many of the systems used to track them are also vulnerable to them, leaving only indi-rect figures and estimates. What’s more, both rain gauges and ground- based radar have limited ranges, leaving vast stretches of ocean where hurricanes spend most of their existence unmeasured. And when a hurricane does make landfall, gales can knock them down. ‘‘We don’t really have anything on the sur-face [of the ocean] to tell us the details,’’ said Huffman. ‘‘When the chips are really down, sometimes satellites are the only choice.’’ That means the full accounting for the rainfall from Harvey, Irma, and Maria could take months to deliver as meteorologists piece together their models with the meas-urements they have. However, scientists are eagerly waiting for the dust to settle so they can confirm their suspicions about the record-breaking storms this year. The American Geophysical Union added a last-minute session for researchers to present their findings on Harvey and Irma at their December meeting. ‘‘There’s going to be a tremendous amount of research coming out in the next few months,’’ Kapnick said. f 
HONORING HELEN SMITH, POW AD-VOCATE, ON HER 91ST BIRTHDAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
IG-
GINS of Louisiana). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
ARRETT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OH-
MERT ), my colleague. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for yield-ing. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed an honor to speak on behalf of a person I have come to know and love. In fact, the First District of Texas has been blessed to be the home of many remarkable individ-uals who have gone above and beyond to serve others in Texas and through-out the world. It is indeed a privilege to honor a woman from Longview, Texas, who has dedicated her life to serving and pro-viding comfort for our Nation’s vet-erans, particularly our prisoners of war. Her name is Helen Smith, and Oc-tober 5 of this year marks her 91st birthday. Helen’s caring for our Nation’s POWs began with her husband, Gordon Smith, a survivor of the Bataan Death March in 1942 and a POW until the end of World War II. Throughout her long and happy mar-riage to Gordon, Helen gained a per-sonal understanding of the struggles many of our veterans and former POWs endure; but armed with the knowledge of what our veterans and former POWs face on a daily basis, Helen set out into the world to help as many of our vet-erans as she possibly could. She spent countless hours in VA facilities ensur-ing veterans, young and old, got the care they so desperately needed and de-served. Helen has walked the Halls of Con-gress advocating for our veterans and former POWs throughout her life. She is a driving force and was behind Pub-lic Law 97–37, which improved VA ben-efit programs for former POWs. Helen is not slowing down even at her age. At 90, Helen would head over to the Longview Community Based Outpatient Clinic every morning at sunrise. She would make a pot of coffee and spend her day talking to veterans, giving them a sympathetic ear and helping them through the VA process. It is a distinct privilege to recognize such a remarkable woman, to thank her for her tireless service to our vet-erans and former POWs, and to wish her a very happy 91st birthday. Her accomplishments are recorded in the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD , which will endure as long as there is a United States of America. I do thank my friend from Virginia for yielding. b2115 Mr. GARRETT. Much has been said recently about the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, and specifically how in this land of the free we have the preroga-tive to do as we choose in matters that manifest themselves, as communica-tion that we can speak freely even when that speech is objectionable to some. And many people who have been for-tunate enough to be amongst the 1 in 1,300 high school football seniors to take the field on a Sunday at an NFL stadium have availed themselves of this right that was given to them by people greater than themselves, per-haps who shed their very lifeblood that they might make a decision not to stand for the anthem that embodies the gratitude for that sacrifice. Brian Tracy once said: ‘‘Develop an attitude of gratitude and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step towards achieving something big-ger and better. . . .’’ More recently, an individual said: ‘‘If you were successful somebody along 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC7.028 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7667 October 2, 2017 
the line gave you some help. There was a great teacher somewhere in your life. Somebody helped to create this unbe-lievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive.’’ Later in that speech, President Obama said, ‘‘So if you have a business, you didn’t build that,’’ someone did it for you. And he was roundly excori-ated, but at some level he acknowl-edged the sacrifice of so many that compels me to stand here today to ask that when the national anthem of the United States of America is played, that you demonstrate some semblance of gratitude for the sacrifice that has been given by untold millions before you that allows you the prerogative not to stand. And so should you choose not to stand, I support that right. I believe that right is fundamental to what makes us Americans, but I implore you to learn the history of our Nation that allows you the right not to stand, for, to be certain, there are places in the world, North Korea, where choosing not to stand when the anthem is played might lead to a horrible demise. Gilbert Chesterton once said: ‘‘One sees great things from the valley; only small things from the peak.’’ And the French political philosopher Alexis de Tocqueville said: ‘‘The greatness of America lies not in her being more en-lightened than any other Nation, but rather in her ability to repair her faults.’’ And so when a slaveowner named Jef-ferson wrote the Declaration of Inde-pendence, he talked about how all peo-ple were created equal, despite his in-herent flaw or flaws, and when the pre-amble to the Constitution was ham-mered out, the Founders suggested that we should strive not to be a per-fect union but a more perfect union by acknowledging that, in fact, where there are humans in charge, we will never achieve perfection. Tonight, I ask your indulgence, if you tuned in at home completely by accident, for a moment to learn about how lucky we are, regardless of the cir-cumstance of our birth, compared to our peers across the globe, to have the opportunity to live in this, the greatest Nation in the history of mankind, and how standing for an anthem that hon-ors an imperfect nation that contin-ually strives for perfection is not only the right thing to do, it is the only thing to do if you understand the scope of the sacrifice of those who came be-fore us. Imperfect people like Thomas Jeffer-son gave us near perfect documents. And so tonight, as my vehicle to dis-cuss why we should stand for our an-them, I will choose the district that I am honored to have the opportunity to serve, Virginia’s Fifth District. I will say, in all humility, that while I am or-dinary, the district is great; that the Fifth District of Virginia is, in my humble opinion, without hyperbole, the greatest congressional district in the country. And I will give you ten rea-sons why I hope the next time the an-them is played you will stand and think with reverence upon those who made sacrifices that gave us the oppor-tunity to live in the greatest land hu-manity has ever seen. In 1743, born in the Fifth District of Virginia was this very man, Thomas Jefferson. An imperfect man who had a thirst for knowledge and said, ‘‘I can-not live without books,’’ and contin-ually sought to understand what might be perfected as it related to govern-ment amongst men, and in the Declara-tion created a document which was the first message that a fledging nation held out to the world to say: This is who we are. And he said, in that document, that all people were created equal; a con-cept that this Nation did not arrive at in reality by virtue of slavery and things like the failure to grant women suffrage for some 150 years, nearly, later. However, a charge to work towards a more perfect union, that was contained in the document, the Constitution, overseen by James Madison also of the Fifth District of Virginia. And so while we were imperfect, we were given the greatest and most noble of goals, and that is to strive to be more perfect. So the vision of Jefferson outlined in the Declaration and expanded upon James Madison in the Constitution, and later articulated in this town, Washington, D.C., by Dr. King when he said that we should judge individuals based not on the color of their skin but on the content of their character, it was borne in the hearts and minds of imperfect people from the Fifth Dis-trict of Virginia who gave us near per-fect documents. In 1819, another of Mr. Jefferson’s vi-sions came to fruition with the founda-tion of the University of Virginia, a leading public research university and the source of incredible scholarship on things like human rights and indi-vidual liberty and natural law and the freedoms that individuals are bestowed by virtue of the Nation in which we live, again, in the Fifth District of Vir-ginia. Fast forward to 1865, the end of the bloodiest era in our Nation’s history internally, a conflict as we moved to-wards a more perfect union, in which if you count disease and dysentery and starvation, along with combat deaths, over a million Americans gave their lives as we worked to become a more perfect union. And we know but a small fraction of a percentage of those people’s names. And we know that Abraham Lincoln took a bullet by someone who was not willing to accept that progress meant acknowledging that Jefferson’s words were true, as they were later manifest by Dr. King, once again, 53 years ago in August in this city. Fast forward to 1933 and the 21st Amendment repealing prohibition, Franklin County, Virginia, dubbed the wettest county in America. And as we watched as jobs left the Fifth District of Virginia and opportunity seemingly left with them, we saw a wellspring of opportunity and economic development in the form, ironically, of wineries and distilleries and breweries. So when Burlington and Broyhill and Bassett and Lane and Dan River Mills left, dis-tilleries and breweries and wineries crept in. It started in Franklin County, Virginia. Fast forward to 1944, Bedford, Vir-ginia, June 6. The Allied invasion at Normandy, D-day. The Town of Bedford lost more of her sons per capita than any other town in the United States— 19 in one day, more than decimating an entire graduating class and removing the best and brightest from that small Virginia locality. Notably, three other young men from Bedford died later in the Normandy campaign, bringing the total Bedford KIA during Normandy to 22. And iron-ically, these men died serving in the Blue-Gray 29th Infantry Division, so named because it honored the fact that it brought soldiers from both sides of the Mason-Dixon line together to fight and bleed and die to free foreign women and men whom they had never met. Fast forward to 1951, Prince Edward County, Virginia, the hamlet of Farmville. Barbara Johns, a high school student, had an uncle who was a scholar, who discussed with her and her family over the dinner table the ideas expanded upon by Jefferson and the Declaration, and suggested that, in-deed, all people were created equal. And this manifests itself through Bar-bara Johns in action. This teenage girl looked at the school that she attended, the Moton High School, and looked across the county to the all-White new high school and understood that if all people were, indeed, created equal, as her uncle had suggested as was written by Jefferson, then it was unfair that court cases like Plessy v. Ferguson that any law that said that separate but equal was anything close to a pos-sible theoretical reality must be struck down. Now, I have passed by other residents of the Fifth District of Virginia. Pat-rick Henry, for example. John Mar-shall, for example. But back to Henry. Henry stood before the American Revo-lution and said: ‘‘I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty or give me death.’’ And from the back of the room someone shouted: Treason. And Patrick Henry responded, ‘‘If this be treason, make the most of it,’’ acknowledging that to do something great that he believed in he might need to die. Barbara Johns did that very same thing on April 23, 1951, when she led a walkout of Moton High School demand-ing an end to separate but equal seg-regation in Virginia, thus sparking the civil rights movement in Virginia that also can look to its forbearers and see Booker T. Washington, a civil rights leader amongst the last generation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.056 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7668 October 2, 2017 
African-American leaders born into slavery. His vision began to culminate when Johns led the student walkout in Prince Edward County that led to de-segregation at the very risk of her life. Now, I like to liken Johns to Patrick Henry, both of whom are heroes of mine, as two people who were willing to stand up and do what they thought was right regardless of the fact that it, quite literally, might cost them their lives. They might die. But I tell people when I speak to them, the difference between Patrick Henry and Barbara Johns is Patrick Henry was a 37-year- old attorney trained to speak in front of people, and Barbara Johns was a teenage girl, and this happened in America as we worked to become a more perfect union. Fast forward to Pittsylvania County, where Deborah Coles, another hero of mine, was born one of eight children to a tobacco sharecropper. Growing up in a Virginia where racism was far too evident and common, Deborah Coles bucked the odds, learned a work ethic from her mother and father, became the first in her family to attend col-lege, attending Virginia State Univer-sity, and later going on into public education where she was and is an edu-cator and an administrator in the small town where I went to high school and where she had undoubtedly touched the lives of innumerable thou-sands of students over the decades— finding ways to say yes, finding means to encourage thought, finding ways to stimulate young minds. And she did this despite the ridiculous challenges faced by her forbearers, and she did it here as we worked to become a more perfect union in America. Fast forward to the 21st century. Servicemembers, not unlike their brethren from Bedford who fell on June 6 at D-day, just a handful of the sac-rifice from the Fifth District of VA, 1– 435th of our Nation. Humayun Khan, a graduate of the aforementioned University of Virginia, who, at risk to himself, moved his sol-diers away and sought to determine whether or not a vehicle approaching the point where he was working was a threat, and ultimately, in protecting those with whom he served, gave his life wearing the uniform of a nation to which his parents had immigrated. b2130 Sergeant Andrew Crabtree, a Special Forces soldier who served multiple tours defending America in the global war on terror and recently passed to the next life from a cancer deemed to have been service-related. And Seaman Dakota Rigsby, the son of working class folks from Fluvanna County, Virginia, in the Fifth District, who tragically perished while wearing the uniform of this Nation, defending that which is worth defending, aboard the USS Fitzgerald. Then, moving to today, and reason number 10, although, to be fair, Booker T. Washington, Patrick Henry, and John Marshall could make this 13 if I counted them separately, and that is the families of Pastor Hassan and Abdumawla, Christians from the Re-public of Sudan, who, after about 9 months of work on our part and about 18 months of imprisonment on the part of the two gentlemen I named, have now moved to Buckingham County, Virginia, where they have an oppor-tunity to experience a land where they are free to stand or sit when the an-them is played, where they are free to worship or not worship as they feel compelled, and where no dream is too big. I would wager that, having lived in a foreign land and not having been amongst those 1 in 25 or 26, roughly, fortunate enough to have been born here in this imperfect land perpetually seeking to be a more perfect Union, I would wager that, when our national anthem is played, these newest resi-dents of Virginia’s Fifth Congressional District will choose to stand. I hope, when you think of the sacrifices made by millions who came before us, that you will, too. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RESILIENCE OF FLORIDIANS AND FIRST RE-SPONDERS AFTER HURRICANE IRMA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHER -
FORD ) until the hour of 10 p.m. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the resilience of my fellow Floridians, to thank our men and women in uniform, including our State and local first responders, and to recognize our State and local leaders for the tremendous aid and direction they gave to all of our fellow Florid-ians during their response to Hurricane Irma. We normally think of men and women in uniform as those who defend our country abroad, but they also de-serve our recognition and thanks for their service on the homefront as well. The Florida Army National Guard, the United States Coast Guard, the Navy, and many others aided our State before, during, and after the storm. In fact, I witnessed National Guard units from various States working together with the Florida National Guard to res-cue citizens of northeast Florida. Mr. Speaker, the United States Coast Guard did an incredible job carrying out hundreds of rescues, and I com-mend U.S. Coast Guard Commandant Zukunft, Captain Wiemers of Port Jacksonville, and all of their men and women who risked their lives to save others during and after the storm. I also want to recognize all of the first responders, police, and firefighters who responded quickly and saved so many lives. As an example, the Jack-sonville Sheriff’s Office, in 1 day, res-cued more than 350 of our citizens. I also want to commend Governor Rick Scott and our State agencies for the advanced planning that they did leading up to Hurricane Irma and the recovery efforts that are still going on. In northeast Florida, we experienced, historic flooding, levels not seen since 1846. That is the year after Florida be-came a State. In St. Johns County, small busi-nesses were flooded and homes literally toppled over into the ocean. Many more still threaten to fall into the ocean, undermined by severe beach ero-sion. In Nassau County, here, a week after the storm, areas of the county were still not accessible due to heavy flood-ing, and shelters were still open. But throughout all of this, Mr. Speaker, I spoke with many local vol-unteers who had damage to their own homes but were out helping rescue other families. I even spoke with a re-tired coastguardsman who traveled to Nassau County from Virginia to serve with the Red Cross. Mr. Speaker, the Florida delegation in this House is now unified to ensure that Floridians receive the Federal support they need to recover from this horrible natural disaster, Hurricane Irma. I especially want to recognize Sen-ator MARCO RUBIO and Florida Rep-resentatives A
LLAWSON , NEAL DUNN, T
EDYOHO, RONDESANTIS , STEPHANIE  M
URPHY , VALDEMINGS , and D ARREN  S
OTOfor coming to see, firsthand, the damage to our First Coast community. I also want to thank the congres-sional leaders from around the country for coming to northeast Florida. Speaker P
AUL RYAN, Appropriations Chairman R
ODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN , and Chairman J
OHN CARTER all personally toured our damaged communities, leaving us with a promise to do all they can to assist in Florida’s recov-ery. I thank them for the support, and I am grateful for their work to quickly provide emergency aid to help hurting Floridians. We are all also heartbroken that, now, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands are enduring incredibly dev-astating damage from Hurricane Maria. We believe it is important that we share resources with our neigh-boring islands. As you know, Mr. Speaker, the Port of Jacksonville is ground zero for get-ting shipments of needed goods to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. In fact, the American Maritime Partner-ship and the entire U.S. maritime in-dustry are, in fact, first responders in times of emergency like Irma and Maria when they strike Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. I am proud of what the American maritime industry has accomplished. They have been working tirelessly around the clock to get goods to those who are in need. Almost immediately, there were 10,000 containers delivered; 35,000 pounds of cargo, were delivered by TOTE and Crowley of Jacksonville. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.057 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7669 October 2, 2017 
And as we know, distribution has been the challenge. Our prayers go out to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, and we are pre-pared to stand by them as they face the daunting task of rebuilding their com-munities. We will continue to work to-gether with our State, local, and Fed-eral officials to ensure that Florida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands can recover and build even stronger than before. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO THE SOCIAL SECURITY ADVI-SORY BOARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 703 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 903), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following individual on the part of the House to the Social Se-curity Advisory Board to fill the exist-ing vacancy thereon: Ms. Nancy Altman, Bethesda, Mary-land. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. D
EFAZIO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of de-layed flight. Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of family illness. Ms. K
APTUR (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. Mr. K
IHUEN (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and October 3 on ac-count of work in district relating to tragic shooting in Las Vegas. Ms. R
OSEN (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of work in district relating to tragic shooting in Las Vegas. Mr. S
OTO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. H
ARRIS , on Friday, September 29, 2017. 
H.R. 2519. An act to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion. H.R. 3823. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, to provide disaster tax relief, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 39 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, October 3, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2714. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting a letter reporting a violation of the Antideficiency Act by the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Forest Service, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1517(b); Public Law 110-161, Sec. 1517(b); (121 Stat. 2285); to the Committee on Appropriations. 2715. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Administration for Children and Fam-ilies, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Head Start Program (RIN: 0970-AC63) received September 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 2716. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report entitled, ‘‘Evaluation of the Graduate Nurse Education Demonstration Project: Re-port to Congress’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395ww note; Public Law 111-148, Sec. 5509(c); (124 Stat. 675); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2717. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to the situation in or in relation to the Democratic Republic of the Congo that was declared in Executive Order 13413 of October 27, 2006, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 2718. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 2719. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0809; Product Identifier 2017-NM-094-AD; Amendment 39-19030; AD 2017-18-21] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 28, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2720. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0560; Product Identifier 2016-NM-172-AD; Amendment 39-19028; AD 2017-18-19] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 28, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2721. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0529; Product Identifier 2016- NM-123-AD; Amendment 39-19044; AD 2017-19- 14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2722. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Ameri-King Corporation Emergency Locator Transmitters [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-6673; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-092- AD; Amendment 39-18978; AD 2017-16-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 28, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2723. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0339; Product Identifier 2016-NM-078-AD; Amendment 39-19042; AD 2017-19-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 28, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2724. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-8177; Product Identifier 2015- NM-129-AD; Amendment 39-19041; AD 2017-19- 11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2725. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0533; Product Identifier 2016-NM-156-AD; Amendment 39-19024; AD 2017-18-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 28, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2726. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-0451; Product Identifier 2013-NM-253-AD; Amendment 39-19026; AD 2017-18-17] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 28, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2727. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0525; Product Identifier 2016- NM-121-AD; Amendment 39-19033; AD 2017-19- 03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) September 28, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2728. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0808; Product Identifier 2017-NM-102-AD; Amendment 39-19027; AD 2017-18-18] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 28, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2729. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC7.059 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7670 October 2, 2017 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Rolls-Royce Corporation Turboshaft Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2011-0961; Product Identifier 2011-NE-22-AD; Amendment 39- 19023; AD 2017-18-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2730. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31153; Amdt. No.: 3764] received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2731. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31152; Amdt. No.: 3763] received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2732. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31151; Amdt. No.: 3762] received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2733. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0308; Product Identifier 2016-SW- 083-AD; Amendment 39-19022; AD 2017-18-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2734. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Falls City, NE [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-9593; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ACE-12] re-ceived September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2735. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Arkadelphia, AR [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0182; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ASW- 3] received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2736. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; B/E Aerospace Protective Breathing Equipment Part Number 119003-11 and Part Number 119003-21 [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0439; Product Number 2017-CE-010-AD; Amend-ment 39-19021; AD 2017-18-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2737. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Mason, MI [Docket No.: FAA-2017- 0722; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AGL-16] re-ceived September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2738. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Textron Aviation Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0608; Product Identi-fier 2017-CE-017-AD; Amendment 39-19020; AD 2017-18-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Sep-tember 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2739. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Oskaloosa, IA [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0296; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ACE-7] re-ceived September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2740. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31150; Amdt. No.: 3761] received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2741. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Pauls Valley, OK [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0184; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AWS- 5] received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2742. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; West Plains, MO [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0165; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ACE- 1] received September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2743. A letter from the Program Analyst, NHTSA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards; Electric-Powered Vehicles: Electrolyte Spill-age and Electrical Shock Protection [Docket No.: NHTSA-2017-0085] (RIN: 2127-AL68) re-ceived September 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 2229. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board de-cisions relating to whistleblowers, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–337, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Ms. CHENEY: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 548. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capa-ble unborn children, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–338). Referred to the House Cal-endar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2229 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 3894. A bill to protect grizzly bear pop-ulations, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 3895. A bill to promote the use of smart technologies and systems in commu-nities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, Education and the Work-force, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. M AT-
SUI, Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, and Ms. K ELLY of Il-linois): H.R. 3896. A bill to require certain entities who collect and maintain personal informa-tion of individuals to secure such informa-tion and to provide notice to such individ-uals in the case of a breach of security in-volving such information, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. BACON (for himself, Mr. R
US-
SELL, Mr. M AST, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, Ms. M
CSALLY , and Mr. D
UNN): H.R. 3897. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for the issuance of the Gold Star Installation Access Card to the surviving spouse, dependent children, and other next of kin of a member of the Armed Forces who dies while serving on certain ac-tive or reserve duty, to ensure that a remar-ried surviving spouse with dependent chil-dren of the deceased member remains eligi-ble for installation benefits to which the sur-viving spouse was previously eligible, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BARR (for himself, Mr. H
OL-
LINGSWORTH , Ms. M OORE , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. V ARGAS ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02OC7.000 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7671 October 2, 2017 
H.R. 3898. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to place conditions on certain accounts at United States financial institu-tions with respect to North Korea, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. HOLDING (for himself, Mr. P
ITTENGER , and Mr. H UDSON ): H.R. 3899. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to redefine the eastern and mid-dle judicial districts of North Carolina; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FLORES (for himself and Mr. H
ULTGREN ): H.R. 3900. A bill to amend section 510 of the Social Security Act regarding a youth em-powerment program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER (for himself and Mr. S
MUCKER ): H.R. 3901. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to establish the Strength-ening Mobility and Revolutionizing Trans-portation (SMART) Challenge Grant Pro-gram to promote technological innovation in our Nation’s cities; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for him-self and Mr. N
EAL): H.R. 3902. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit to small employers providing an eligible automatic contribution arrangement under a retire-ment savings plan; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BUDD (for himself and Mr. M
EEKS ): H.R. 3903. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to expand the ability to use test-ing the waters and confidential draft reg-istration submissions, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 3904. A bill to direct the Federal Trade Commission to prescribe rules that re-quire covered entities to secure sensitive personally identifiable information against a security breach; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. EMMER (for himself, Mr. P
ETERSON , and Mr. L EWIS of Min-nesota): H.R. 3905. A bill to require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the Na-tional Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of cer-tain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. HECK (for himself, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. S MITH of Wash-ington, Mr. C
LEAVER , and Mr. M
CGOVERN ): H.R. 3906. A bill to establish centers of ex-cellence for innovative stormwater control infrastructure, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. L
AMALFA (for himself, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Ms. D
EGETTE , and Mr. G IANFORTE ): H.R. 3907. A bill to require the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to cre-ate a classification that more accurately re-flects the vital role of wildland firefighters; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 3908. A bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to eligible entities to prevent or alleviate community violence by providing education, mentoring, and counseling services to children, adolescents, teachers, families, and community leaders on the principles and practice of non-violence; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 3909. A bill to authorize the Gandhi- King Scholarly Exchange Initiative focusing on peace and nonviolence in global conflict resolution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. NEAL (for himself and Mr. BISHOP of Michigan): H.R. 3910. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make lifetime income and managed account options of defined con-tribution retirement savings plans portable; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself and Mr. F
OSTER ): H.R. 3911. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with respect to risk- based examinations of Nationally Recog-nized Statistical Rating Organizations; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York): H.R. 3912. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for Move Amer-ica bonds and Move America credits; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Mr. E
VANS , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. L
EE, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. H
UFFMAN ): H. Res. 549. A resolution supporting the un-derstanding that climate change is real; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. K USTER of New Hamp-shire, Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mrs. M IMI W
ALTERS of California, Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. D ONO-
VAN): H. Res. 550. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the need for State legislatures to pass comprehensive sexual assault kit reforms by 2020; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California): H. Res. 551. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of the International Day of Non-Violence; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. PAYNE: H. Res. 552. A resolution reaffirming the United States-Liberia partnership, and call-ing for free, fair, and peaceful elections in Liberia in October 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 3894. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. D
ELBENE: H.R. 3895. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 3896. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BACON: H.R. 3897. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 3898. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (i.e. Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States) By Mr. HOLDING: H.R. 3899. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article III, Section I, which states ‘‘The ju-dicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such in-ferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish.’’ By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 3900. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, 3—The Con-gress shall have the power to provide for the general Welfare of the United States . . . and to regulate commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 3901. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 3902. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution, Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 1 and Amendment XVI. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 3903. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, providing the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 3904. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I section 8 By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 3905. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Prop-erty Clause), which confers on Congress the power to make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the property belonging to the United States. By Mr. HECK: H.R. 3906. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02OC7.100 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7672 October 2, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. L
AMALFA: H.R. 3907. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 3908. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 3909. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 3910. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Sections 7 & 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 3911. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 3912. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 36: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. C OLE, Mr. R
OSS, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , and Mr. L UCAS . H.R. 57: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 103: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 184: Mr. E
STES of Kansas. H.R. 247: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 299: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 308: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 354: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 371: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 472: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 535: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 544: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 564: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 620: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, and Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 644: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 669: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 681: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 685: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 747: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 757: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 807: Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. C OMER , and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 812: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 820: Ms. T
ENNEY , Mrs. D EMINGS , and Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 844: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 846: Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor- gia, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 866: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 909: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 927: Mr. E
VANS and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 980: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 997: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 1017: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1038: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 1078: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. S ABLAN , and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1090: Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. B ERGMAN , and Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 1094: Mr. N
ADLER and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 1148: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 1164: Mr. H
OLDING and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 1171: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1225: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1251: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 1267: Mr. E
MMER , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1276: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 1316: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1368: Mrs. D
EMINGS and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 1406: Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. S ARBANES , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 1450: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 1456: Mr. C
OSTA and Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 1485: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 1498: Mr. E
SPAILLAT and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 1542: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 1550: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 1552: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 1587: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington and Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1612: Mr. S
ARBANES . H.R. 1651: Mr. D
ENT, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. G
RIFFITH , and Mr. L EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 1676: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania and Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 1681: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1727: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1738: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1779: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 1824: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1832: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 1861: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 1891: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 1896: Mr. B
URGESS . H.R. 1953: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 1993: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 2059: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 2089: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2095: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 2121: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 2147: Mr. S
MITH of Washington and Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 2148: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 2232: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 2285: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 2309: Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 2321: Mr. L
OEBSACK and Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California. H.R. 2379: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 2380: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2401: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 2408: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 2418: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 2434: Ms. A
DAMS and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 2451: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , and Mrs. D EMINGS . H.R. 2465: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2482: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California and Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 2501: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 2505: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 2550: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2556: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2584: Mr. ROYCE of California, Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. L EE, and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 2591: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 2599: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2603: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 2651: Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. S ERRANO , Mrs. D
EMINGS , and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 2654: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 2670: Ms. L
EE, Mr. M OULTON , and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2705: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 2721: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 2723: Mr. W
ITTMAN and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 2790: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. P AS-
CRELL . H.R. 2797: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 2856: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 2908: Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. K IHUEN , and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 2909: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 2938: Mr. D
ENT, Mr. S MITH of New Jer- sey, Mr. E
VANS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. R
EED. H.R. 2973: Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. B
ACON , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 3030: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 3034: Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R OGERS of Ala- bama, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, and Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 3042: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 3053: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona and Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 3139: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 3145: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 3199: Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 3227: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 3273: Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 3274: Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 3275: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 3285: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3303: Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 3304: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 3329: Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN , Mr. C OOK, and Mrs. L OWEY . H.R. 3378: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 3380: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 3394: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 3395: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3441: Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. C OFFMAN , Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. S TIV-
ERS, Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 3449: Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 3459: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 3488: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 3497: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. D ENHAM , and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 3529: Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 3530: Mr. T
IPTON and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 3548: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 3605: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 3652: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 3671: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3679: Mr. M
EEHAN and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 3692: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 3717: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 3745: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 3758: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 3770: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. L AM-
BORN , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. T UR-
NER, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC7.011 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7673 October 2, 2017 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. B
UCK, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. R
UIZ, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 3784: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 3792: Ms. J
UDY CHUof California and Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 3824: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 3832: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 3833: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3840: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 3852: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. R
USH, Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3857: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 3858: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 3859: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 3865: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 3866: Mr. R
OYCE of California. H.R. 3876: Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. M
ENG, and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 3879: Mr. GALLEGO , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 3887: Ms. G
ABBARD . H. J. Res. 48: Mr. L
YNCH . H. Con. Res. 72: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H. Con. Res. 81: Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. L EE, Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. B ASS, Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. N OLAN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C
OHEN , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H. Res. 58: Mr. N
ADLER and Mr. M CGOVERN . H. Res. 129: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H. Res. 142: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. H ECK, Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 257: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana. H. Res. 274: Mr. B
EYER . H. Res. 283: Ms. M
OORE . H. Res. 318: Ms. L
OFGREN . H. Res. 359: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H. Res. 367: Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H. Res. 401: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. C HABOT . H. Res. 464: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H. Res. 517: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. L EE, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H. Res. 528: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. K HANNA , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. C
OFFMAN . H. Res. 529: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P
OLIS, and Mr. P ANETTA . H. Res. 535: Mr. K
HANNA . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 36 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC7.008 H02OCPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6237 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2017 No. 157 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Lord God, we lift our hearts to You. Lord, please shower Your mercy on our Nation, as we seek to deal with the Las Vegas mass shooting. Please show mercy to the victims and their families. Lord, in spite of this horrific act, give us faith to believe that evil will not ultimately prevail in our world. May this tragedy motivate us to plant and water seeds of peace as we cultivate a greater respect for the laws of seedtime and harvest. Cut in pieces the cords of wickedness that seek to bind us. Today, guide our Senators and use them as ambassadors of reconciliation in our Nation and world. Eternal God, although we walk in the midst of trouble, stretch forth Your hands and revive us with Your might. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE LAS VEGAS AT-TACK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now observe a moment of silence for the victims of the Las Vegas at-tack. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-out objection, it is so ordered. The Senate will now observe a mo-ment of silence for the victims of the attack in Las Vegas. (Moment of silence.) The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. YOUNG ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the news we awoke to this morning was heartbreaking. What happened in Las Vegas is shocking, it is tragic, and for those affected and their families, it is devastating. It is hard to even imagine their pain. I hope they will know that we are praying for them now. I hope they will find strength in the love and kindness of those around them in these hours of such darkness and pain. I hope they will see that our country is stand-ing by their side today. Many Americans are still in shock. Others have begun to wonder why someone would do something this ter-rible. Investigators will continue their dedicated work in search of answers, but what is clear now is that this is a moment for national mourning and for prayer. Just a moment ago, President Trump led the country in observing a moment of silence. As he noted this morning, we are all grateful for the courageous efforts of the first responders. They al-ways put their lives on the line to save others. They do so with a selflessness that reminds us of the inherent cour-age and mercy that remains possible within each of us—light amidst the dark, hope in times of terrible grief. The same is true of the national spir-it of compassion that shines through our country in the moments when it is needed most. Whether it is lining up to donate blood or signing up to volunteer their time, our fellow Americans are always there to offer what they can when others are in need. We thank these Americans and law enforcement and the first responders for everything they have done. We thank them for their efforts that con-tinue now. We again send our condolences to ev-eryone affected by this terrible trag-edy. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the Pai nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Ajit Varadaraj Pai, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission for a term of five years from July 1, 2016. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, there are a number of issues I wish to speak on today, but first I wish to extend my most sincere condolences to the vic-tims of violence in Las Vegas. What we witnessed last night was a tragedy without precedent. Today, our thoughts are with all those folks who have lost—the families, loved ones, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC6.000 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6238 October 2, 2017 
friends whose lives will never be the same as a result of this shooting. Our hearts are with all of you, and so are our prayers. We love you. We stand by you today. We ask that God will stand by you always. 
REMEMBERING ELDER ROBERT D . HALES  
Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to Elder Robert D. Hales, a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- day Saints. With his family gathered around his bedside, Elder Hales passed away peacefully yesterday afternoon in be-tween sessions of LDS General Con-ference. More than a beloved leader, he was a caring family man, a powerful role model, and a close friend whom I will miss dearly. Today, I wish to pay tribute to Elder Hales as we remember a life well-lived. Elder Hales was born on August 4, 1932, to Rulon and Vera Hales. He grew up on Long Island in a diverse neigh-borhood, which allowed him to become familiar with a variety of different cul-tures. Although raised on the east coast, Elder Hales always maintained strong western roots. He would speak fondly of the summers he spent in Utah bailing hay, riding horses, tending sheep, and herding cattle in the moun-tain pastures. Although Elder Hales would later become an accomplished businessman, he was no stranger to manual labor, and he credited his early days working on the farm as the source of his strong work ethic. During his teenage years, Elder Hales distinguished himself as a student and excelled as a pitcher for his high school baseball team. After enrolling at the University of Utah, he returned home to New York for the summer and met Mary Crandall. It was love at first sight. They married a year later in the Salt Lake Temple on June 10, 1953. Following his graduation from col-lege, Elder Hales joined the U.S. Air Force, where he served as a fighter pilot. His squadron’s motto was ‘‘Re-turn With Honor.’’ In his own words, ‘‘The motto was a constant reminder to us of our determination to return to home base with honor after we had ex-pended all of our efforts to successfully complete every aspect of our mission.’’ ‘‘Return With Honor’’ would become the credo by which Elder Hales lived his life, expending every effort as a faith leader, father, and friend to bet-ter himself, bless others, and build the Kingdom of God. Yesterday afternoon, after decades of dedicated service as a minister of Jesus Christ, he completed his mortal mis-sion and returned with honor to our heavenly home. The challenge he leaves behind is for all of us to do the same. To the very end, Elder Hales was a model of selfless service. Even in his later years, beset by illness and old age, he continued to carry out the re-sponsibilities of his apostolic office without hesitation and without com-plaint. Elder Hales decided when he was still a young man that he would never let anything get in the way of his church service. Following his career in the Air Force, Elder Hales enrolled at Harvard Business School, where he was called to serve as Elders Quorum president, one of the most demanding leadership positions in the LDS Church. Because of his heavy course load, Elder Hales could have easily declined the calling, but he gladly accepted it. His wife Mary guided him in making this deci-sion. When Elder Hales said he might fail his classes if he agreed to serve as the Elders Quorum president, Mary said: 
Bob, I would rather have an active priest-hood holder than a man who holds a master’s degree from Harvard. We’ll do both. 
With Mary’s unwavering support, Elder Hales served successfully as an Elders Quorum president in addition to earning his MBA. He would later go on to work as a high-level executive at multiple national corporations. From this formative experience, Bob and Mary learned that God would pro-vide for them as long as they put the gospel first. That is why Elder Hales did not hesitate to leave his business career behind when he was called to serve as a mission president and later as an apostle in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Elder Hales provided a model of serv-ant-leadership for all of us to follow. He was a true disciple of Jesus Christ, putting the welfare of others before self and the Kingdom of God above all. He was gracious and loving, thoughtful and kind. In all things, Elder Hales ex-emplified humanity and humility, which was the hallmark of his life. While millions of us grieve his pass-ing, we take peace and comfort in knowing that his service continues on the other side. I knew him very well, played golf with him, thought he was one of the great men in my life. I am going to pay tribute to him and his family here today in front of the whole United States Senate and the country. He was one of the most worthwhile people I ever met. We are going to miss him. 
REFORM OF CRIMINAL INTENT REQUIREMENTS  
Mr. President, with the time I have remaining, I wish to address an issue that remains critically important as well—overcriminalization and the need to reform criminal intent requirements in our Federal criminal code. Like many of my colleagues, I be-lieve Congress has criminalized far too much conduct and has mandated overly harsh penalties for too many crimes. A number of my colleagues have sought to address these problems by cutting prison sentences, altering statutory minimums, or releasing prisoners early for good behavior. But as we seek to re-form the criminal justice system, we must be careful not to overlook one of the major roots of the problem: the lack of adequate criminal intent re-quirements in Federal statutes. ‘‘Mens rea’’ is a Latin phrase mean-ing guilty mind. One of the time-hon-ored, fundamental features of our criminal law is that for a person to be found guilty of a crime, he or she must have committed the act with criminal intent or mens rea. In the English com-mon law, this principle was summa-rized in the idea that the act is not cul-pable unless the mind is guilty. Mens rea requirements protect individuals who commit an illegal act without knowing that their action was wrong or unlawful. To give an example, a person who mistakenly retrieves the wrong coat from a coatroom does not become a thief merely because he took some-thing that wasn’t his but looked like his. Only if he knows that the coat be-longs to someone else does he commit a criminal act. Unfortunately, many of our current criminal laws and regulations contain inadequate mens rea requirements, and some contain no mens rea requirement at all. This leaves individuals—inno-cent individuals—subject and vulner-able to prosecution for conduct they believed to be lawful at the time. In recent years, as Congress and Fed-eral agencies have criminalized more behavior, they have often been vague about mens rea requirements or even silent about mens rea altogether. In a 2014 Tennessee Law Review arti-cle, Michael Cottone investigated how many Federal criminal statutes there are in the U.S. code. Mr. Cottone ex-plained that ‘‘tellingly, no exact count of the number of federal statutes that impose criminal sanctions has ever been given.’’ Most scholars agree that there are approximately 5,000 Federal statutes that impose criminal sanc-tions, but those criminal statutes do not include the nearly 300,000 Federal regulations that also carry criminal penalties. With so many criminal laws on the books, it is far too easy for Americans to break Federal laws unwittingly, with no understanding whatsoever that their behavior happens to be illegal. For example, did you know it is a Fed-eral crime to write a check for an amount of less than $1 or that it is a Federal crime to allow a pet to make a noise that frightens wildlife on Federal land? Even more incredibly, did you know it is a Federal crime to keep a pet on a leash that exceeds 6 feet in length on Federal land? These are only a few examples of un-lawful activities that reasonable people could not reasonably be expected to know. What is worse, many of these un-lawful activities are punishable by time in prison. This is not only ridicu-lous, but it is immoral. The lack of adequate mens rea requirements in our Federal criminal code subjects inno-cent people to unjustified punishment. To address this issue, I reintroduced the Mens Rea Reform Act of 2017. Today I wish to express my sincere ap-preciation to the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society for high-lighting the need for mens rea reform 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.002 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6239 October 2, 2017 
and for supporting my efforts to pro-tect innocent people. They are not the only ones. Anybody who looks at this has to say: Are we going to send people to jail when they didn’t know what they were doing was wrong? It makes anybody stop and think: Is that right? Should we do that? Is that fair? Likewise, I wish to thank Senators R
AND PAUL, TEDCRUZ, MIKELEE, and D
AVID PERDUE for joining me as co-sponsors on this bill. Our bill sets a de-fault intent requirement of willfulness for all Federal criminal offenses that lack an intent requirement. Addition-ally, the bill defines willfulness to mean that a person acted with knowl-edge that his or her conduct was un-lawful. Naturally, our bill does not apply to any offenses that Congress clearly in-tended to be strict liability offenses. Our proposal has garnered widespread support from a variety of organiza-tions, including the National Associa-tion of Criminal Defense Lawyers, Koch Industries, the Federal Defenders, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the Heritage Foundation—just to name a few. Importantly, our bill does not re-move any crimes from the books, nor does it override any existing mens rea standards written in statute. Moreover, it does not limit Congress’s authority to create new criminal offenses, includ-ing strict liability offenses. Mens rea really is a simple issue. In-dividuals should not be threatened with prison time for accidentally com-mitting a crime or for engaging in an activity they did not know was wrong. If Congress wants to criminalize an ac-tivity and does not want to include any sort of criminal intent requirement, Congress should have to specify in stat-ute that it is creating a strict liability offense. I believe this simple legislative solu-tion will go a long way in reducing harsh sentences for morally innocent offenders. It will also push back against the overcriminalization of in-nocent behavior. As I have said many times, any consideration of criminal justice reform or sentencing reform is incomplete without reforms to mens rea requirements. 
FOREIGN JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS  
Mr. President, on a final note, I wish to express my concern about a provi-sion in U.S. law that allows foreign litigants to come into U.S. courts and gain access to documents and other evidence for use in foreign judicial pro-ceedings. Under current provision, 28 U.S.C. 1782, an American citizen can be sub-jected to invasive requests by a foreign entity even when the citizen has no ability under the laws of the foreign ju-risdiction to obtain similar informa-tion from the foreign entity itself. This gives foreign entities an unfair advan-tage over their U.S. counterparts. Equally problematic, U.S. persons may be compelled under Federal law to turn over business information or trade secrets for use in Federal judicial pro-ceedings without any guarantee that such information will be adequately protected in the foreign jurisdiction. This places U.S. businesses at risk and, again, creates an unfair playing field. Such unfairness and lack of reci-procity is deeply concerning. Our laws should not disadvantage our own citi-zens and companies. Rather, we should ensure a level playing field. In the coming weeks, I will be intro-ducing legislation to do just that. These are important bills, and these are important ideas. I appreciate hav-ing this time to be able to express them for the country at large. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING  
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, before my planned remarks on the Federal Communications Commission, I want to say a few words about the awful events that happened in Las Vegas. Our hearts are with the families affected by the tragedy and with the city of Las Vegas, and we do send them our best wishes and our prayers. But we can do more than send our thoughts and pray-ers to the grieving. We can do more than thank the first responders. We can do more than lower the flag to half mast. We can take a stand against gun vio-lence by passing commonsense gun safety laws. Otherwise, this becomes a ritual of mass murder, mourning, and moving on. Let’s stop this awful ritual. Let’s stop the violence. Let’s do some-thing about it. Mr. President, I wish to talk about the nomination of Chairman Ajit Pai to lead the Federal Communications Commission for another 5 years. When it comes to Chairman Pai, personally and professionally, I want to say that I believe in his integrity as a public servant, and I believe he is smart and qualified. But the FCC is supposed to create competition and protect con-sumers, and Chairman Pai isn’t doing that. First, Chairman Pai’s FCC is trying to get rid of net neutrality. Net neu-trality is a Federal rule that says ISPs—internet service providers—must treat all content equally. They can’t discriminate by making certain kinds of content slower, charging more for other kinds of content, or blocking some content altogether. That is the basic premise of the internet. Once you pay for your broadband internet access and then you jump on a browser, everything comes down to the same speeds. It is so foundational to the way we use the internet that it is actually hard to de-scribe a future without net neutrality, but it could be that you pay your ISP, and certain websites download fast. Certain websites are almost impos-sible to find. For certain websites, you have to pay a premium just to be able to capture their content. Forget what you may have to pay Hulu, Netflix, and others. The ISP will essentially control your access to the internet. That is why net neutrality was so important. It is not that, in that moment, things were necessarily undermining the cur-rent internet but that, without a firm rule, these companies may have incen-tives to change the internet as we know it. When Chairman Pai announced that the FCC would review the rules on net neutrality, he said: ‘‘This is a fight we intend to wage, and it is a fight that we are going to win.’’ But that is not how the FCC is supposed to work. This is a quasi-judicial agency. They are sup-posed to propose a rule, allow the pub-lic to weigh in, and then the agency considers the comments before making a decision. Chairman Pai had made it clear from the beginning that he had already made up his mind. Even though there were 22 million individual com-ments from American citizens about what we should do with the free and open internet, he had decided in ad-vance of that. Unfortunately, this is part of a pat-tern. Right after Congress took away the FCC’s ability to protect people’s privacy online, he wrote an op-ed that essentially read that this is good news. It is pretty unusual to have a chairman of a quasi-judicial body weigh in on something that the legislative branch does or to completely disregard the process for public input. Chairman Pai has not yet demonstrated a willingness to stray from the party line. One of the things I like about him is that I know that he has a big brain. We have talked policy, and when we have had private conversations, I have seen that he has liked the engagement, that he likes the job, and that he likes pub-lic service. The challenge is that there has been no instance in which he has done anything that was other than pre-dictably Republican. That is OK for now, as it has been a relatively short tenure, but what we need in an FCC Chairman is someone who takes his own views and the facts, as the record becomes established, and makes up his own mind. He is not a Republican while he is on the FCC. His job is to apply the facts and his own judgment. During the confirmation hearing, I asked him about the President of the United States calling the media the ‘‘enemy of the state.’’ He would not say one way or another what he thought of those comments or how he would guide the FCC based on those comments. At some point, he needs to demonstrate some independence from his party and from the President. With this vote, the Senate has a chance to say that the person who leads the FCC should understand, at a bare minimum, how to run a quasi-ju-dicial agency in a nonpartisan fashion, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.003 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6240 October 2, 2017 
that he or she should value public input, and that he or she should not simply go along with what the party is asking and implement it no matter how it stacks up against the statute. Here is another example. Earlier this year, Chairman Pai rolled back a rule in order to allow local TV stations to be bought up without any limits by one single company. This decision seemed to be for the benefit of one company, the Sinclair Broadcast Group, which just happens to be a company with strong conservative leanings. Sinclair is already the largest owner of local broadcasting stations in the United States, but now it is trying to buy an-other company, Tribune Media, which would expand Sinclair’s reach into 72 percent of the households. For decades, both Congress and the FCC have taken steps to protect local broadcasting because it has benefited the public interest. So, under normal circumstances, Sinclair would not be able to buy up these other stations, but Chairman Pai has changed the rules so that this company will have even more power and reach. The secondary bene-ficiary of this change will be the Re-publican Party, because Sinclair has a decades-long history of pressuring its local stations to broadcast certain news that helps the Republican cause. We need an independent Chairman at the helm of the FCC. We need someone who will make decisions based on stat-ute, not based on political affiliation. That is why I will vote no on Mr. Pai’s nomination, but I hope that I will be proven wrong. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
THANKING THE SENATOR FROM HAWAII  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, let me thank my friend from Hawaii for his words. I will make a statement for the record with regard to Mr. Pai, as I agree with Senator S
CHATZ ’ vote and will be voting no, but I want to first speak about the horrible situation in Las Vegas. 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING  
Mr. President, there are precious few words for days like this. Last night, as everyone now knows, at a concert in Las Vegas, NV, a gunman opened fire on a crowd of 22,000, killing at least 58 and sending hundreds more to the hos-pital. It was the deadliest mass shoot-ing in the history of our country. Our collective hearts, so hardened now by the absurd frequency of these mass shootings, are broken once again. We mourn for the families of the fallen, and we pray with the families of the wounded. We have the deepest grati-tude for every first responder, cop, and firefighter who rushed to the scene, as their heroism in the moment of this national tragedy has been an inspira-tion. Yet today we are filled with shock and horror, with sadness and rage. The horrific massacre was per-petrated by an American on his fellow Americans and the visitors from every corner of the world, who are the very lifeblood of Las Vegas. We are left with many questions, the answers to which we will seek in the coming days and weeks. How did this monster acquire the ar-senal that he used to rain down death on a crowd of innocents? Were these guns purchased and compiled legally? What was this person’s perverted mo-tive? Was there any history of mental health issues? What circumstances could lead a man to commit such violence upon his fel-low human beings—complete strang-ers—what twisted reasoning, what de-mented logic? There is much more that we do not know than what we do know. Some of the questions that we have today will not have clear answers. Others are, per-haps, beyond our fathoming. Yet some will have answers, and we will have to reckon with the fact that this man was able to assemble an arsenal of mili-tary-grade weapons. As much as we might hope to, we cannot banish evil from the Earth. Congress cannot do that, and the Presi-dent cannot do that. What Congress can do and what Congress must do is to pass laws that keep our citizens safe, and that starts with laws that help pre-vent guns, especially the most dan-gerous guns, from falling into the wrong hands. We will take care of the injured— their bodies and their hearts—and nurse them back to health. We will mourn those lost with all of our collec-tive love and support. We will bind up this new national wound. Then, we will aggressively ferret out the facts, and based on that reality, we will con-front—we must confront—the deeply troubling issues that have been raised by this atrocity. PUERTO RICO AND U .S. VIRGIN ISLANDS  
RECOVERY EFFORT  
Mr. President, our friends and rel-atives and fellow Americans in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands should know that, even while we mourn and process the incomprehensible events in Las Vegas, we remain laser-focused on the needs of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and we will continue our advocacy for a more comprehen-sive, more sure-footed, and better co-ordinated response to their crisis. Mr. President, shortly the Senate will vote on the nominee to be Chair-man of the FCC, Mr. Ajit Pai. I cannot support this nominee for the office of Chairman. The FCC is tasked with the critical role of protecting con-sumers and promoting innovation in the telecommunications and techno-logical fields that are becoming more and more integral to our day-to-day lives. However, over his time at the FCC and particularly in his tenure as Chairman so far, Mr. Pai has estab-lished a clear record of favoring big corporations at the expense of con-sumers, innovators, and small busi-nesses. He supported congressional attempts to reverse the FCC’s 2016 broadband privacy rule, which would have pre-vented big cable and internet compa-nies from profiting off of personal internet data. Now, internet service providers no longer have to obtain con-sumer consent before they sell or share sensitive personal data. Most disturbingly, Chairman Pai is currently attempting to dismantle the open internet order, the net neutrality rules under which millions of con-sumers currently have access to a free and open internet. Net neutrality has had a huge impact on everyone who uses the internet—on communities of color, on small businesses, on schools, on civic engagement, and on our econ-omy. Net neutrality is not the only issue where I disagree with Chairman Pai’s agenda. In his first 2 weeks on the job, Chairman Pai stopped 9 companies from providing discounted high-speed internet to low-income individuals, and he jammed through nearly a dozen in-dustry-backed actions, including some to begin curtailing net neutrality. The most alarming part: these clandestine moves to clip the public’s fundamental right to a free and open internet were done without seeking public comment first. It is no surprise, therefore, that Chairman Pai would be willing to fur-ther undermine the FCC’s protection of net neutrality, notwithstanding the views of the nearly 22 million Amer-ican citizens who have commented in opposition to his net neutrality pro-posal. The open internet order is working well as it is and should remain undis-turbed. Mr. Pai, however, seems bent on rolling back the open internet on behalf of a few corporate friends, rath-er than serving the American consumer and the American economy by keeping the current protections in place. For these reasons, I feel very strong-ly that I must oppose his nomination; I cannot support this agenda, which I believe imperils consumers and the internet itself. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, thank you very much. Today, I am here to speak on behalf of a good friend and an exceptional public servant, Chairman Ajit Pai of the Federal Communications Commis-sion. I have admired his work throughout his service within the Commission, which dates back to 2007, when he was in the Office of General Counsel. Over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.004 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6241 October 2, 2017 
time, he was promoted to become the Deputy General Counsel of the Federal Communications Commission. In 2012, by voice vote, he was confirmed by the Senate to serve as a Commissioner, and he has continued to embody integrity, honesty, and dedication in this role, something we would expect from a Kansan. As only the second Kansan ever to be nominated to serve on the Federal Communications Commission—the first being Bob Wells of Garden City, KS, who served from 1969 to 1971—Ajit Pai has proven himself to be a capable and talented leader and one of the smartest people whom I have ever met, especially when it comes to public pol-icy. I have worked with him and his staff throughout my time on the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation Committee and have traveled with him throughout our home State. My getting to know him on a personal level has really been a delight, some-thing that has been a highlight of my time while serving in the Senate. He is a native of Parsons, KS, which is a small town in the southeast corner of our State, and he brings with him an understanding of the challenges that face rural America. He understands the importance of access to high-speed broadband and wireless connectivity, and I believe that his roots as a small town Kansas kid make him exception-ally qualified to advocate for rural America. Ajit came to Wichita just this past week to explore ideas and explain pol-icy opportunities to close the digital divide within local broadband providers that work in Kansas communities I serve. The lack of broadband connectivity in parts of rural Kansas has lasting economic, educational, and public health impacts, and Ajit Pai has prioritized incentive-based solutions like the Connect America Fund and Mobility Fund to close this divide in a fiscally responsible and competitively driven way. Outside of supporting high-speed broadband build-out to unserved or un-derserved areas, Ajit created the Broadband Deployment Advisory Com-mittee to promote broadband deploy-ment across America, including remov-ing regulatory burdens and barriers and improving permitting and the right-of-way process through regu-latory reform. While in Kansas, he was also able to see the great work that was being done to implement the Next Generation 9–1- 1 technology in our home State. As we know, improving these communica-tions systems is absolutely necessary to ensure adequate emergency services to rural and urban Americans alike, and we see that today and over the last several months with the disasters and tragedies that have occurred in our country. Ajit has also proven himself to be a leader who is committed to free mar-kets, clearly understanding that regu-lations should be balanced with pro- growth economic principles that do not unduly harm employers or stifle inno-vation. To this end, Ajit Pai announced his intentions to stand up a new Office of Economics and Data within the FCC to provide economic analysis of the policies and functions of the agency. We are looking for thoughtful, data- backed input to the agency that should lead to market-driven policy decisions the Commission can then hang their hat on. Critical issues before the FCC today require this type of expertise; things such as efficient and effective broadband deployment, quality spec-trum management that schools and li-braries desperately need, as well as hospitals that also desperately need this spectrum, and fostering innova-tion just in the general sense. If we want a growing economy with more jobs, better jobs, higher paying jobs, we need access to the latest technologies across the country. As the currently appointed Chair of the FCC, Ajit has improved openness and transparency within the Commis-sion, eliminated onerous and duplica-tive regulations holding up that inno-vation, and has protected consumers from illegal and fraudulent robocalls. One recent decision under his leader-ship that has received so much atten-tion from consumer advocates, indus-try representatives, and policy aca-demics is the FCC order Restoring Internet Freedom Notice of Proposed Rulemaking. Under Chairman Pai’s leadership, the Commission has collected tens of mil-lions of comments regarding the agen-cy’s proposal to roll back the 2015 open internet order and has extended the deadline so more interested parties can be heard. This input collection, coupled with fundamentally improving the rulemaking processes, has increased the Commission’s culture of openness and transparency, something I cer-tainly support and would continue to encourage. I believe the Federal Government must ensure a fair and open internet that is not blocked or slowed. I do not want outdated utility-style regulations to the internet that were established for telephone companies in the 1930s. Instead of leaving this important regu-latory framework open to interpreta-tion and change with every new admin-istration, Congress—the U.S. Senate— and our Commerce Committee should and must craft bipartisan legislation that preserves the fair and open inter-net. Chairman Pai has taken thoughtful steps toward a long-term solution by seeking to eliminate the harmful 2015 regulations hindering broadband de-ployment and harming an innovative internet ecosystem. Ajit Pai has repeatedly proven him-self to be a public servant of the high-est caliber, with strong integrity and character. I am proud to recommend his swift confirmation to the Federal Communications Commission and call on my colleagues to support his nomi-nation. Ajit Pai is an intelligent, ar-ticulate public servant who has the character and integrity that is re-quired at the Federal Communications Commission. I support his nomination and ask my colleagues to do the same. I yield the floor. Mr. M
CCONNELL, Mr. President, as I noted last week, the nominee before us, FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, has led a fas-cinating life with two defining fea-tures: hard work and success. He understands communications pol-icy from just about every angle—no wonder, given his deep and impressive resume. He comprehends the needs of rural communities in states like mine, a product of his own rural upbringing. He has dedicated himself to issues like advocating for Americans’ First Amendment rights and bringing-more openness and more accountability to the FCC, an agency that, too often, has earned a reputation for secrecy. Chairman Pai is just the kind of per-son we need over at the FCC. I was glad to see the Senate advance his nomination last week. I look forward to confirming him to a new term later this afternoon. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to voice my concern regarding the nomination of Ajit Pai to serve as a Commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission. Many of my colleagues are planning to speak about the threat Mr. Pai poses to a free and open Internet, but what brings me to the floor is a different looming threat to the public interest: the proposed Sinclair Broadcast Group merger with Tribune Media Company. If approved, the Sinclair-Tribune merg-er would create the Nation’s largest television broadcast company in his-tory, reaching over 70 percent of house-holds nationwide. There is reason for concern. Mr. Pai’s track record at the FCC has shown that he will not hesitate to put the needs of industry ahead of the best interests of consumers. Under his lead-ership as Chairman, the FCC acted to reinstate an outdated loophole known as the UHF discount that would make it easier for companies to get around rules limiting national media owner-ship. These rules are essential in main-taining the trust Americans have placed in their local broadcasters and ensuring consumers benefit from pro-gramming representing diverse view-points. What was Mr. Pai’s motivation for putting this loophole back in place? I will just say this: The loophole was re-instated in April, and Sinclair an-nounced its acquisition of Tribune in May. My concerns about the merger are not solely grounded in Sinclair’s prac-tice of mandating its stations dis-tribute its self-produced conservative content, as troubling as that is. Rather it is that no single company should be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.006 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6242 October 2, 2017 
able to decide what 72 percent of the country’s news looks like. The Sin-clair-Tribune merger undermines com-petition and threatens local broad-casting as a trusted and diverse voice for its viewers in Illinois and across the country. Because of Mr. Pai’s deregulatory campaign and repeated failure to put the best needs of the consumer first, I will oppose his nomination to serve a second term as a Commissioner for the Federal Communications Commission. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, in 2015, the Federal Communications Commis-sion, FCC, did something that can be all too rare Washington: It listened to the American people. After a record number of Americans spoke in favor of clear rules to protect a free and open Internet, the FCC voted to adopt strong net neutrality protections that accomplished this goal. These protec-tions, which ensure that innovation and free speech can flourish online, are currently under threat as the FCC now moves to repeal them. On net neu-trality and on many other key tele-communications policy issues, Chair-man Pai has stood against consumers, startups, and small businesses. Today I choose to stand with them and with millions of Americans who support net neutrality by opposing his reappoint-ment. Vermonters have been clear that they want strong FCC rules in place to ensure that the Internet remains the ultimate platform for economic oppor-tunity and free expression. These pro-tections are particularly important for small businesses, which compete on the internet’s global stage against the largest companies in the world. The Vermont Country Store is a great ex-ample of a small company that has taken advantage of the promise of an open Internet. Family-owned with a rich history dating back to 1897, the internet offered new opportunities to extend the company’s reach. As fifth generation storekeeper Cabot Orton said when he testified in Vermont about the FCC’s effort to craft net neu-trality protections in 2014: 
We don’t want to imagine an America with two Internets: a fast one for giant corpora-tions and a slow one for everybody else. We don’t want to imagine being held for ransom by telecom behemoths and cable monopolies just to reach our customers with the same speed and convenience that global conglom-erates enjoy . . . A small business website that is no longer protected from giant Inter-net toll-keepers would have one choice: pay to play. Failing that, a company becomes the proverbial tree falling in the forest with no one there to hear it. 
Chairman Pai has shown total dis-regard for the concerns of businesses like the Vermont Country Store. In proposing to repeal the existing net neutrality protections, he makes no mention of their importance to the small business community. Instead of recognizing the very real impact on small businesses of stripping away these protections, Chairman Pai claims that there are no possible harms these protections could be designed to pre-vent. This is particularly clear when he discusses the current rule banning harmful paid prioritization agreements that would create the type of two- tiered internet small businesses fear. Chairman Pai claims that there was no need for this rule because some large internet service providers, ISPs, said they ‘‘had no plans’’ to engage in this kind of behavior. This is despite the fact that at least one major ISP said outright in its 2014 FCC filing that it wanted the ‘‘flexibility’’ to charge websites for priority access and that, even though it had no plans for these arrangements, they ‘‘should be permis-sible and should be tested.’’ I introduced legislation to ban pay- to-play deals online before the FCC adopted its rule because of the harm they would cause small businesses like the Vermont Country Store. I find Chairman Pai’s failure to understand the importance of a level playing field for small businesses extremely dis-concerting. Not only is Chairman Pai ignoring the small business community by bar-reling ahead to repeal net neutrality protections, he is also ignoring the clear will of the American people. Over 22 million Americans have submitted comments in the proceeding he started to repeal these critical protections, shattering records at the FCC. Poll after poll has found overwhelming bi-partisan support for net neutrality. In Washington, Chairman Pai calls net neutrality protections burdensome and unnecessary. In Vermont, we just call them common sense. Vermonters also value their privacy rights and want basic protections in place to protect their personal data. In 2016, over Chairman Pai’s objections, the FCC put in place important privacy protections to prevent ISPs from sell-ing their sensitive information, includ-ing their web browsing history, with-out their consent. These rules also in-cluded basic data security and data breach notification requirements. We have seen how important it is to hold companies to basic data security and breach notification standards in the wake of the total disregard Equifax showed for protecting sensitive con-sumer information. Unfortunately, Chairman Pai was a strong supporter of the resolution of disapproval passed by this Congress that permanently repealed the FCC’s privacy and data security protections. At a time when the personal informa-tion of every single American is under constant threat, Chairman Pai thought it was simply too much to ask for ISPs to take reasonable steps to secure their subscribers data and notify them if a breach occurs. Chairman Pai’s approach to rural broadband, which is one of the most pressing issues for Vermonters, also raises cause for concern. Just recently, he has proposed to effectively lower the speed standard used to measure wheth-er Americans have access to adequate broadband service. As someone who represents a rural State, ensuring that we accurately measure how many Americans lack this essential service is critical. Under the current standard set by the previous FCC, 39 percent of rural Americans lack access to true high-speed broadband service. In con-trast, only 4 percent of urban Ameri-cans lack access. I supported the FCC’s decision to set a high minimum broadband speed to use as the baseline for comparing rural and urban areas. All Americans deserve the same quality of broadband service, whether they live in the Northeast Kingdom of Vermont or the heart of Kansas City. Rural Americans should not be held to a lower standard simply so that Chairman Pai can rig the num-bers to falsely claim that he has closed the digital divide once and for all. Chairman Pai has shown far too often in his time at the FCC that he will side with Goliath over David and that he will ignore the overwhelming sentiment of the American people. With the fate of the open internet and many other critical telecommuni-cations issues at stake, I must oppose Chairman Pai’s nomination. Mr. MORAN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, today we mourn the loss of at least 50 lives in Las Vegas, the victims of senseless vio-lence at an outdoor concert near the Mandalay Resort and Casino. The lives of fellow Americans were taken in a barbaric manner that defies all jus-tification, excuse, or even explanation. That these events have become almost commonplace in modern society makes them no less shocking or morally rep-rehensible. The date and location—a country music festival on a Sunday afternoon— make the act seem doubly cruel. Thou-sands of innocent spectators were there from around the country enjoying themselves, with security being the furthest thing from their minds, until the shots rang out. As news reports have now indicated, the event is one of the deadliest mass shootings in modern U.S. history. It and other forms of violence continue to tear apart the fabric of our country, and the scars left among the victims’ families and loved ones will be painful and permanent. My prayers go out to all those in Ne-vada who have not slept since yester-day and who are still grappling with the aftermath of the shooting, the fam-ilies tending to loved ones in hospitals, as well as the first responders and law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC6.001 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6243 October 2, 2017 
enforcement officers who ran toward, not away from, the gunfire and who are now nursing various wounds. Here in Washington, we will continue to mon-itor the situation. We will continue to keep the fallen in our prayers in the days ahead. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, turning to the legisla-tive business at hand, the last time Congress enacted tax reform was 1986. Back then, I was a State district judge in San Antonio, TX, the Spurs had a bad losing streak, and gasoline was 89 cents a gallon. A lot has changed since 1986. We have seen parties in Congress win the major-ity, lose it, and win again. We have seen six Presidents come and go, bring-ing us to this moment, this year, with the President committed to providing Americans with real tax relief and the promise of a resurgent economy. After countless meetings, hearings, and con-versations amongst Members who rep-resent varying and diverse constitu-ents, Republicans in the House and the Senate and the administration have joined together to unveil a unified framework for tax reform. In the more than 30 years since our Tax Code has become overhauled, it has become the punch line in a bad joke. No one will defend it. Everyone knows it needs to be fixed. Over time, the code has become more complex and is now riddled with deductions, credits, and loopholes advocated by an army of lobbyists and special interests, so much so that the majority of Ameri-cans now pay somebody else to prepare their taxes because it is too complex for them to figure it out on their own, but with renewed focus and determina-tion, we are committed to taking this framework and using it to enact real reforms to simplify a Tax Code that has grown so complex over the years, but that is not the main reason. The main reason we need tax reform is that the Tax Code has become the enemy of a growing, prosperous econ-omy; the enemy of more take-home pay, and the enemy of America’s com-petitiveness in a global economy. It is self-inflicted harm, and we can and must do better. Our first priority should be to reduce taxes for all American families, not one socioeconomic class or another— everyone. With a simpler, fairer, and more competitive Tax Code, we can raise living standards so people who earn the money can make decisions on how best to spend it themselves—on their children’s education, on their home, on a car they need in order to get reliable transportation to get to and from work, or just maybe putting a little bit of money away for retire-ment. I think about the newly graduated teacher in Houston’s public schools who is worried about stagnant wages, the entrepreneur in Austin with a great business idea who needs investors to succeed, or a single parent in San Antonio who is living paycheck-to-pay-check. Ultimately, this is about em-powering all citizens to pursue the American dream. This is about reduc-ing government’s big bite out of our wages each month and about small businesses spending more time growing and creating jobs. By coming to the aid of hard-working American and Texas families, we will reawaken the sleeping giant that is our economy by reincentivizing investment and job creation. I know these are lofty goals. If it were easy, we would have done it more recently than since 1986. I know some of our colleagues across the aisle and some in the public are already ques-tioning this framework. Some have wasted no time lobbing accusations, but they don’t even bother to do their homework first. They are engaging in the same kind of class warfare many have come to love to wage here in Washington, DC, but those tactics are deeply cynical and deeply untrue. Here is their lie. They say our tax plan cuts taxes for the wealthy and hurts the poor, even though the actual plan hasn’t been written yet. Some claim they already know what the bill says, and they don’t. That is entirely predictable in this political environ-ment and wholly false. Let me tell you why. First, we will cut taxes for all Amer-ican families without shifting the bur-den from higher income households to lower or middle-income households. To accomplish this, the framework creates a large zero tax bracket by doubling the standard deduction. The first $12,000 of income for an individual and $24,000 for a couple would be tax-free. Let me say it again. If you are a cou-ple who makes $24,000 or less, you will pay zero Federal income tax, which is effectively a zero tax bracket. Addi-tionally, the proposed individual rates are collapsed into three, at 12 percent, 25 percent, and 35 percent. So instead of seven tax brackets, which we have now for individuals, we will have four, including the zero tax bracket. This framework also enhances the child tax credit. It repeals the death tax that has hurt small businesses and their fami-lies; it has broken up family farms and ranches. And it repeals the special in-terest tax breaks that primarily ben-efit the wealthy. The other refrain some critics have already started making is the claim that our tax plan gives big tax cuts to job creators. As I said, in addition to closing the special interest loopholes, nearly everyone will see some sort of benefit, and job creators will take that benefit and invest in their businesses. They will hire more people, and they will improve wages and growth in the economy, from which we will all ben-efit. So why would our Democratic col-leagues oppose that? Our unified framework is a template that will be used by the tax-writing committees to put the nuts and bolts together for tax reform. As a member of the Senate Finance Committee, I look forward to working with Chair-man HATCH , Ranking Member W YDEN , as well as colleagues in the House— Ways and Means Chairman K
EVIN B
RADY , Speaker R YAN, and others—on these ideas. I even look forward to working with our Democratic col-leagues if they will join us. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Thank you, Madam President, for the recognition. 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING  
Today is a day of mourning for Las Vegas and for America. My heart goes out to all those touched by the ruthless and cowardly shooting last night. One of the victims was Lisa Romero, a secretary at Miyamura High School in Gallup, NM. The students knew her well as Ms. Lisa, and she was adored by everyone at the school. Her loss will be deeply felt. I send my condolences and prayers to her family, as well as her school family, and to everyone in Gal-lup, NM. I also want to recognize the true bravery of first responders—the police, the fire fighters, the EMTs—some of whom risked their own lives to save others. There are heroes in America, and we saw them in action last evening. Las Vegas, NV, and New Mexico share a kinship. Nevada is a sister Western State. Many New Mexicans have family in Las Vegas, and New Mexicans are reeling because of this tragedy. As westerners and as Ameri-cans, we must always come together to support the victims, thank our first re-sponders, and focus resources and pol-icy on preventing future massacres. Madam President, I rise in opposition to the renomination of Mr. Ajit Pai to the Federal Communications Commis-sion. Mr. Pai, both as FCC Commissioner and now as Chairman, has not been a vigorous watchdog for free speech. He has not put the people’s right to infor-mation first. In fact, he has put cor-porate interests first, and he has op-posed policies outright that ensure un-derserved communities have access to essential technology. I strongly oppose his renomination to the Commission. Let’s begin with his responsibility to guard First Amendment rights. Presi-dent Trump has relentlessly attacked NBC, CBS, ABC, CNN, the New York Times, and the Washington Post. He called these established and esteemed news outlets ‘‘fake news.’’ He even called them ‘‘the enemy of the people.’’ Earlier this year, in February, during a Senate Commerce Committee hear-ing—this was an oversight hearing—I asked Chairman Pai pointblank wheth-er he agreed with the President that these mainstream news organizations were the enemy of the people. He re-fused to answer, refused to disagree with this patently outrageous and anti- American statement. His written answers were better, but even then Chairman Pai did not dem-onstrate that he could stand up to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.008 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6244 October 2, 2017 
power and defend First Amendment rights. Democrats on the Commerce Committee sent a letter asking again whether he believed the media were the enemy of the people, and he qualified his answer in the negative by writing that ‘‘the President has made clear he was referring to ‘fake news’ [as the enemy of the people].’’ I wish that were true, but it is not. The President re-ferred to well-respected, mainstream media organizations. The FCC must unequivocally stand up for the First Amendment, and the Chairman needs to strongly disavow the President’s unfounded attack on the media. The FCC took a huge step forward in favor of consumers in 2015 when it passed the open internet order. That order, known as the net neutrality order, was codified. The principle un-derlying net neutrality is simple and fair. It means that internet service pro-viders must treat all internet traffic equally. They cannot block access to particular websites, apps, or services. They can’t give fast lanes or special treatment to websites or apps that pay more or are favored by some compa-nies’ executives. Consumers benefit because internet service providers can’t ‘‘pick winners and losers in the online marketplace for services and ideas.’’ Those are the words of President Obama. Our democracy benefits because the internet lowers the barriers to commu-nication—but not if the massive com-panies that control infrastructure can erect new ones. As a Commissioner, Mr. Pai voted against that pro-con-sumer measure, and as Trump’s Chair-man, he has now moved to dismantle it. The American people are outraged with the Chairman’s move to undo net neutrality. The Commission has re-ceived a record 22 million comments in that regulatory proceeding. Who is against net neutrality? The megaproviders like Comcast and Verizon—Chairman Pai’s old em-ployer—can benefit financially from giving advantage to selected websites. Chairman Pai’s record is that if there is a choice between consumers and big corporations, corporations win. Let’s look at what the Chairman did recently to allow the biggest broadcast company in America to become even bigger. Congress has put into law a limit on the market share that ultra-high frequency or UHF stations can own, and that limit is 39 percent. The Commission had considered that Sin-clair Broadcast Group, the largest broadcast company, holds a 38 percent market share. But Sinclair wants to expand its reach and merge with an-other big company, Tribune Media. The $3.9 billion deal would give Sinclair control over 200 more local television stations and expand its market to 72 percent of the television-owning house-holds. Here is a chart that shows how expansive Sinclair’s proposed takeover would be. You can see here the current marks, and you can see down below the proportional footprint. Traditionally, the FCC has inter-preted its rules to prohibit Sinclair from making that deal, but Chairman Pai authored an order in April reinter-preting FCC policy to allow Sinclair to grab almost three-quarters of the mar-ket, and Sinclair happens to be well known for its friendly coverage of President Trump. It even requires local broadcast outlets to regularly carry national commentary from a former Trump campaign and White House media surrogate, and its executives have been complimentary of Chairman Pai personally. Congress intended for there to be a multiplicity and diversity of voices and opinions on the airwaves. Congress ex-plicitly wants to prevent one media or-ganization from having an outsized in-fluence over the Nation. I have strong reservations about Chairman Pai’s leadership and values. Free speech, media ownership rules, and net neutrality are essential to a healthy democracy, and the Chairman is equivocating or moving backward on all fronts. For these reasons, I oppose this nomination. Nevertheless, if he is confirmed, I hope we can find common ground and work together. One area where we could do that is rural and Tribal broadband in the West. In my home State of New Mexico, rural areas, pueb-los, and Tribes do not have access to the internet that is anywhere near ade-quate. Approximately 63 percent of people living on Tribal land lack access to acceptable fixed broadband speeds, compared to only 17 percent of the U.S. population as a whole. The gap is even higher for residents of Tribal lands in rural areas, with approximately 85 per-cent of Tribal people lacking access. We all know that in today’s world, broadband internet is essential to vir-tually all successful economic and commercial activity. It is essential to everyday life in America. As a member of the Commerce Committee, I will continue to push the FCC to do all it can to close the digital divide. Broadband expansion is not a ques-tion of political ideology; it is a ques-tion of political will. The Federal Gov-ernment played a big role in expanding electricity and telephone service to every American. We, as a country, have made major investments. We must do the same for rural broadband. Senate Democrats have made a number of con-crete proposals recently. I hope we can work with our Republican colleagues on these. I urge Chairman Pai to take them seriously. Members of the Commission must be 100 percent committed to principles of free speech, to protecting consumers and the underserved. Mr. Pai’s record does not give me sufficient confidence that he shares that commitment, and, therefore, I urge all of my colleagues to reject his nomination. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. CAPITO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING  
Mrs. CAPITO. Madam President, I come here today to talk about the nomination of FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, but before I begin, I think all of us have incredibly heavy hearts in our homes, in our States, in the country, and in the world, as the horrifying events of Las Vegas really begin to sink in. I just saw an article come across the news line in my home State of West Virginia with one of the first identi-fications of the victims. Her name was Denise Burditus. She is from Martins-burg, WV. She and her husband Tony were at the concert together. They have been married 32 years. They were high school sweethearts and were there vacationing and at the concert. Tony wrote on his Facebook page that his wife died in his arms. So we have lost a mother of two, and soon to be a grandmother of five, to this horrible tragedy. My heart sinks for them and for everyone. I really don’t have the words to say to comfort or explain or understand, except that I feel deeply sad and sorry, and I pray for them and their families. Today, Madam President, I want to talk about the nomination and re-appointment of Ajit Pai as the Chair-man of the Federal Communications Commission. Chairman Pai has been an important partner in my quest to bring rural America and much of my State online. I was very lucky to meet Chair-man Pai several years ago. Without question, he has been a champion. Without question, high-speed inter-net access has allowed us to connect with one another on a scale we never could have imagined a decade ago. No other technology has become so crit-ical to our daily lives. It is the back-bone for our innovation, competition, and economic growth. From starting a business to digital learning and tele-medicine, broadband access is critical to the strength of our economy and our communities. Unfortunately, for all the potential opportunities that broadband can offer, not having access to this important service can create in-surmountable barriers. Better connecting States like mine— West Virginia—through improved broadband has become one of my top priorities. Without this, our rural areas risk being left behind. The digital di-vide exists in this country, and rural Americans are the ones who are on the wrong side of the divide. Small commu-nities and businesses across West Vir-ginia and elsewhere in rural America lack this fundamental infrastructure. No one understands these issues more than Ajit Pai. Chairman Pai grew up in rural Kansas. He told me that some-times when he goes home to visit his parents, he cannot get connected in his own hometown. He knows the chal-lenges facing rural communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.010 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6245 October 2, 2017 
I have had the pleasure of hosting Chairman Pai and his staff multiple times in West Virginia. Most recently, Chairman Pai came to Wardensville in Hardy County, WV, where we have good connectivity and where we have actually been able to create new busi-nesses and opportunities for a small town such as Wardensville. Following our visit, we traveled just 20, 30 miles over to Hampshire County, where get-ting high-speed internet has been far more challenging. There, Chairman Pai met Eric Hott of Kirby, WV, who has a small chocolate business. Eric is hav-ing trouble following up with orders and attracting new customers because he can’t get consistent broadband ac-cess. Last August, I held a roundtable dis-cussion with Chairman Pai in Fayette County, WV, focusing on the digital di-vide and the impacts on tourism. We visited Adventures on the Gorge. I even convinced him to join me on a bridge walk across the beautiful New River Gorge. This outdoor recreation destina-tion is one of West Virginia’s most beautiful and premier tourist destina-tions, but the small businesses there are hampered by the lack of connectivity. We heard firsthand from business owners who can’t grow their business because of poor internet connectivity. It is hard to attract a talented work-force to live and visit in these more rural parts of our States. A local res-taurant owner shared their difficulty in notifying customers of available ta-bles through their online system. They lost business because of this. During each of the Chairman’s visits, we discussed possible solutions to pro-mote greater access and competition. Chairman Pai is a great listener. He listens to what the issues are, and those include reducing barriers to in-vestment, streamlining the regulatory environment, encouraging public-pri-vate partnerships, and ensuring ac-countability on behalf of the taxpayer. Following his tour across the coun-try, during which he stopped in West Virginia, Chairman Pai proposed a dig-ital empowerment agenda right down the alley of the issues we just talked about—to grant Americans living in communities of all sizes, from urban cores to smaller, rural towns, with these online opportunities. Chairman Pai’s agenda highlighted a variety of specific measures the FCC, Congress, and State and local governments could make to simplify broadband deploy-ment. Broadband access will be the result of partnerships between private, local, State, and Federal agencies and organi-zations. We need to have this collabo-ration to eliminate duplicative and outdated programs so that States like mine can efficiently deliver broadband to our rural communities efficiently and cost-effectively. By listening to communities like ours—and remember, I said Chairman Pai is a great listener—the Chairman has built a plan for achieving wide-spread broadband access that meets the unique demands of our rural commu-nities. The FCC plays an imperative role in addressing these issues in large and small States, particularly rural States like mine. In the 21st-century economy, robust telecommunication networks are in-creasingly important for today’s users and the foundation of future innova-tions. Under his leadership at the FCC, he has already taken steps toward mod-ernizing the Commission’s role and promoting digital empowerment. Since the beginning of his tenure, the Com-mission has hit the ground running, en-acting a broad strategic vision to close the digital divide, to modernize the Commission’s rules, promote innova-tion, protect consumer and public safe-ty, and improve the Commission’s daily operations. Under Chairman Pai’s leadership, the Commission has made significant in-vestments to deliver broadband service to underserved and unserved areas of the country. I am confident that rural America will see more progress with his continued leadership, and today I am very proud to support his renomi-nation to the FCC as he ascends and re-takes the chairmanship of a very im-portant part of our communications and telecommunications network. With that, I yield back. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING  
Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I wish to begin by offering my condo-lences to the victims of the massacre in Las Vegas last night and to their loved ones. I am heartsick for the resi-dents of Las Vegas and everyone around the country who woke up to the horrendous news of last night’s attack and who is worried sick about whether their family members, friends, and neighbors are OK. Thoughts and prayers are good, but they are simply not enough. Thoughts and prayers are not enough when more moms and dads will bury their children this week. Thoughts and prayers are not enough when sons and daughters will be forced to grow up without their parents. Attacks like the one last night have happened all too often in America. Enough is enough. We have to have a conversation about how to stop gun vi-olence in America, and we need to have that conversation right now. Madam President, I want to take some time to discuss the vote we will be taking shortly on the nomination of Ajit Pai to serve as the Chair of the Federal Communications Commission, or the FCC. One thing that last night showed us is the importance of connections. Every day, moms and dads pick up their phones to check in on their kids, students go online to do research on homework assignments, and families sit together to watch the newest hit television show or movie. It is just a fact—media and telecommunications services play a vital role in helping American households connect with their loved ones, communities, and the world around them. The FCC makes sure those services are available and accessible to all Americans, whether they live in a rural community or in a large city—at least that is what the FCC is supposed to do. There are a lot of powerful companies that want to change that picture, com-panies that want to change the rules so they can line the pockets of their cor-porate executives and their wealthy in-vestors. Those powerful companies have launched an all-out assault on every branch of our government with only one goal: to make sure the gov-ernment works for them and for their buddies. If it leaves everyone else in the dirt, they don’t much care. As powerful companies know, it is good to have friends on the inside, and they have invested a lot of money in making friends. Giant corporations have spent unlimited amounts of money to elect politicians who will promote their views and to flood Con-gress with lobbyists who will work around the clock to destroy laws and rules that the industry doesn’t like and to reshape those laws to suit corporate interests. But electing politicians and inflating Congress with lobbyists isn’t enough. Their Republican buddies in Congress can only do so much. Power-ful corporations need weak agencies that will not hold them accountable, so they work to fill those agencies with their allies—friends who can undo the rules that giant corporations don’t like, friends who will not go after those companies when they throw the rules out the window to make an extra buck. The FCC is one of the agencies that have been on their hit list for a long time, and now they see their oppor-tunity to execute a corporate takeover of the FCC. They started at the top with Ajit Pai, President Trump’s pick to chair the FCC. Since his appointment as Chair of the FCC, Chairman Pai has worked at breakneck speed to transform the FCC from an agency that works in the pub-lic interest to a big business support group. Chairman Pai started with net neu-trality protections—rules that help keep the internet free and open by pre-venting giant broadband companies from discriminating against certain internet users and turning the internet into another service that caters to those who can pay top dollar. Like his big broadband buddies, Chairman Pai 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.011 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6246 October 2, 2017 
opposes net neutrality. Once President Trump was elected, Chairman Pai de-clared that the days of net neutrality protections were numbered, and now he is working hard to reverse those rules. Chairman Pai has more items on his agenda. He is working to weaken the FCC’s Lifeline Program, which helps low-income households across the country pay for phone and broadband service. Chairman Pai has also halted the FCC’s efforts to demand some ac-countability from private prison phone companies that charge sky-high rates to prisoners and their loved ones. Chairman Pai thinks it is just fine for private companies to make it harder for prisoners to stay connected to their families and their communities by charging exorbitant phone fees. Chairman Pai defends killing these strong, public-centered rules by repeat-ing a version of the same old, tired re-frain that we have heard over and over from industry: Government should stay out of the way and let big corporations do as they please because when big cor-porations make lots of profits, that benefits everyone. Yeah, right. That worn-out theory has been disproved time and time again. Americans know that when government is asleep at the wheel and big companies get to make the rules, those giant companies make out like bandits, while everyone else gets stuck with the bill. That is not all. When government doesn’t do its job, when it fails to pro-tect the public interest, the big guys can grow even larger and more power-ful and can translate greater economic power into greater political power, and that is where it gets very scary. Just look at Sinclair Broadcast Group. Sin-clair is the largest television station owner in America, and it has made a name for itself by aggressively pro-moting ultraconservative views. It is infamous for forcing its stations to reg-ularly run rightwing segments, and it melds its radical ideology with a take- no-prisoners profit-making mission, finding more and more creative ways to reduce news coverage and instead promote its sponsors’ products. Being the biggest isn’t enough for Sinclair—it wants to become even more powerful, so it has put in a bid to purchase Tribune Broadcasting, an-other large television station owner. If government regulatories don’t stop the merger, Sinclair would have access to over 70 percent of American house-holds. If the alarm bells haven’t al-ready gone off, this is where they should start ringing like crazy. During the Presidential campaign, Sinclair was a huge supporter of then- Candidate Trump. It used its power in local television markets to spread slanted, pro-Trump news stories. Jared Kushner, President Trump’s son-in- law, even bragged about reaching a deal with Sinclair to get more positive news media coverage of Trump. The day before Trump’s inaugura-tion, Sinclair’s chairman met with Pai—who was then an FCC Commis-sioner but who was expected to be pro-moted to Chairman—he met with him to urge him to change the rules so Sin-clair can grow even more powerful. When President Trump nominated Pai to chair the FCC, Sinclair got exactly what it wanted: Chairman Pai imme-diately got to work changing the rules so it would be easier for Sinclair to ac-quire Tribune. Local media is sacred to many Amer-icans. It is where we catch up on what is happening in our communities from people who know and care about our communities. A merger between Sin-clair and Tribune would allow Sinclair to change that dynamic. With more local programming coming from a cen-tralized source, there would be less in-formation and less diversity of ideas in local reporting. That kind of con-centrated power is bad for competition, and it is worse for democracy. Whether the Sinclair agenda is on the political right or the political left, no single, centralized corporation should control access to local programming for so many households. We need a strong Chair at the FCC, a Chair who understands that the gov-ernment’s role is to work for American families and to hold giant corporations accountable. We do not need a Chair at the FCC who is working for the most powerful communications corporations in this country. That is why I will vote no on the nomination of Chairman Pai to be Chairman of the FCC. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nebraska. 
TRIBUTE TO LYLE E . STROM AND WILLIAM J . 
RILEY  
Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I rise today to recognize two Nebraskans who are retiring after long careers of service to the American people: the Honorable Lyle E. Strom and the Hon-orable William J. Riley. Both of these judges have spent years upholding the rule of law, and their professionalism has established a strong reputation for their respective courts. They are true role models for current and aspiring lawyers and judges, and their excep-tional work should be acknowledged. Lyle Elmer Strom was born on Janu-ary 6, 1925, in Omaha, NE. His mother was a schoolteacher. His father worked as an oil trader. Judge Strom has said that he didn’t much care for school while he was growing up. Instead, he found himself causing more trouble than good, especially when he played football on top of the nearby grain silo with some friends. In 1943, after being rejected by the Navy because of weak eyesight, Strom enlisted in the Merchant Marines as a radio signal operator. During his time in the Naval Reserve, he was inspired to become a lawyer after being im-pressed by his fellow Merchant Marines who had obtained college and profes-sional degrees. After serving his country in the mili-tary, Strom graduated from Creighton University with a B.A. in 1950. That same year, he married the love of his life, his wife Regina. Together, they had seven children. In 1953, Strom graduated from Creighton University’s School of Law, finishing at the top of his class. He soon joined the pres-tigious firm of Fitzgerald, Schorr, Barmettler, & Brennan. Strom started his career believing he would be a business type of lawyer. Shortly after joining the firm, how-ever, Bob Hamer brought Strom into his litigation group because he was smart and a hard-working professional. By 1958, Strom led the litigation prac-tice for the firm. Over his years of private practice, Lyle Strom became a well-known, well- liked litigator in Nebraska, especially in Omaha. In 1985, after 32 years of law practice and with encouragement from Congressman Hal Daub, President Ron-ald Reagan appointed Strom to the U.S. District Court for the District of Nebraska. He served as chief judge of the court from 1987 until 1994 and in 1995 took senior status, allowing him the ability to continue sitting as a judge on cases over the past 22 years. Judge Strom has always been dedi-cated to the craft of practicing law. He served as the president of the Omaha Bar Association from 1980 to 1981 and as president of the Nebraska State Bar Association from 1989 to 1990. One of his biggest joys has come in the form of mentoring aspiring lawyers and young people—something he has done throughout his career. In his first decade as a lawyer, he worked as a pro-fessor at Creighton University. In his fifth, after becoming a Federal judge with a full caseload, Judge Strom served as the Creighton Law School in-ternship program director and clinical professor of law. Strom has also dedicated decades of service to the Boy Scouts of America and was the founder of the Inns of Court organization in Nebraska and has been closely involved with the Ne-braska Mock Trial Program. During his 64 years of practice, Judge Strom has been a model for dedication to the rule of law. His hard work and mentoring to both aspiring lawyers and young people across Omaha have made him a staple in our communities. He has also had an eye for talent. In 1973, while still working as a litigation lawyer, Strom hired a new lawyer to the firm—William J. Riley. This began a great professional relationship be-tween two of the top lawyers in Ne-braska. Born in Lincoln in 1947, Bill Riley ob-tained both his B.A. and his juris doc-torate from the University of Ne-braska, graduating from the law school in 1972. While in school, Riley served as the editor and chief of the Nebraska Law Review, and he graduated at the top of his class. From 1972 to 1973, Riley clerked for the Honorable Donald P. Lay with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, a court he would later serve on 30 years later. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.013 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6247 October 2, 2017 
It was Judge Lay who told Riley that the best tutelage he could receive as a trial attorney would be at the firm of Fitzgerald, Schorr, Barmettler, & Brennan, the firm where a legendary attorney, Lyle Strom, had led the Liti-gation Department since 1958. It was great advice. After Strom became a judge, it was Riley who took his place as chair of the firm’s litigation depart-ment. In 2001, Riley’s professionalism caught the eye of both Nebraska Sen-ators and the President of the United States, George W. Bush. The new Presi-dent nominated him to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Riley was confirmed unanimously in Sep-tember of 2001, becoming one of Presi-dent Bush’s first circuit court appoint-ments. He became chief judge for the Eighth Circuit in 2010. During his tenure, Riley was inti-mately involved in the governance and policy-setting for the entire U.S. Fed-eral court system. He served on the Ex-ecutive Committee of the Judicial Con-ference of the United States, an organi-zation presided over by the Chief Jus-tice of the Supreme Court. Riley also served as strategic plan-ning coordinator for the Judicial Con-ference, helping enact greater cyber se-curity measures throughout the Fed-eral court system. Judge Riley has served our country well over the last 16 years, and on June 30, 2017, after 45 years of practicing law, Judge Riley took senior status on the Eighth Circuit. He said that now he is going to have time to relax with his wife Norma, their three children, and their nine grandchildren. Riley has served his local legal com-munity by teaching trial practice at both Creighton University School of Law and the University of Nebraska College of Law. He is a decorated Boy Scout leader and served as a founding member of the Robert M. Spire Amer-ican Inn of Court legal mentoring pro-gram. Before his appointment to the court, Riley served as president of the Omaha Bar Association from 2000 to 2001. Both of these judges deserve our re-spect for how they approach the justice system and the law. Both are role mod-els that I hope future lawyers and judges follow. Their careers should be applauded and their commitment to our community should be honored. I wish them the best in their retirement. 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING  
Madam President, now, if I may, I would like to express my sympathies and the sympathies of the people of Ne-braska for those who have lost loved ones in Las Vegas. Our hearts are heavy. I am praying for them and for those who were injured and for their families as well. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, I come to the floor today to speak about the vote we will have at 5:30 p.m., but I want to give my condolences to those who have been impacted by the horrific shooting in Las Vegas and to the fami-lies and the victims of this horrible in-cident. I want them to know that our thoughts and prayers are with them as the whole Nation turns to this situa-tion. My thoughts and prayers also go out to at least one Washington family who was impacted and was at this event. We may find out that there are others. We are thinking and praying deeply for their recovery, and I hope everybody will take the time to say some thoughts and prayers for those who have been impacted by this incident. Madam President, I come to the floor to speak in opposition to the nomina-tion of Ajit Pai to have a second term as the Chairman of the FCC. The rea-son why we are speaking about this vote that will happen in a short period of time is because we are concerned about the future of innovation, the fu-ture of where consumers play in the de-cision making of how they access con-tent, and the future of our economy. What I am worried about is that, in the short period of time that Chairman Pai has been at the FCC, instead of the policies that would have enabled con-sumers, he has taken actions that, I think, will have consumers paying more for less access and with which media concentration will be more en-abled and plans to protect net neu-trality in an open internet will be re-versed. This, in and of itself, is the biggest issue that I and the economy of Wash-ington State could possibly see with this renomination; that is to say, the State of Washington and the internet and innovation that exists there could be greatly impacted by the rolling back of protections that we have now, which say that you cannot artificially throttle or slow down internet activity and hold consumers hostage to paying more. The mission of the FCC is to promote the use and deployment of communica-tions in the public interest, and it is the job of the Chairman to make sure that mission is carried out. Undoing the existing net neutrality laws on the books, I do not think, is in the public interest, and it will not promote the access we need. Dismantling this rule that would preserve the diversity of content will negatively impact our marketplace for a long time. When we think about some of the issues that we have already seen and what we could see in the future, more consumers will have to pay a toll to use the internet. What we will see is that, if you want to get in the fast lane or if you want to have rapid access, you have to pay more. Today consumers are using mobile apps to preorder coffee, to get access to healthcare information, and to make sure that we protect ourselves from at-tacks on everything, from our elec-tricity grid to people’s homes and secu-rity systems. I am very worried that, if the internet’s arteries are officially slowed down or clogged, critical infor-mation could arrive too late to help protect consumers. We are living in a world where people are seeing things happen then using their smart phones to collect and share information that can keep all of us safe. So this is another reason why we want to make sure that consumers can get access to and share information and are not slowed down or throttled in any way. When we think about this and the app economy that exists in Washington State, these are the fastest growing businesses. It is part of a large organi-zation, where, today, 1.7 million Ameri-cans’ jobs are because of these apps, and nearly 92,000 of them are in the State of Washington. They have grown at an annual rate of 30 percent. The av-erage growth rate for all other jobs is 1.6 percent. Why would we confirm someone who has already pledged to roll back the rules of an open internet, which basically will create throttling and slowing down of content that will hurt the app economy and small busi-nesses? Nobody wants to develop a new appli-cation that connects consumers— whether it is in healthcare or pro-tecting people in cyber or education or, for that matter, even the Senate—if they are going to have to pay a toll to get faster access to information or to get faster access to their customers. Dismantling net neutrality puts our economy in jeopardy. While I know some would say that it is necessary for investment, I would say that instead what we have seen in the last several years, while the open internet rules have been in place, is the type of in-creased investment in the internet in-frastructure that is needed to support its growing importance. I do not agree with my colleagues who think this reversing the open internet rules is necessary to grow our investments. That’s just what the large cable companies tell you they need so that they can build fast and slow lanes and charge consumers more if they want access to those fast lanes. I encourage my colleagues to vote no on Ajit Pai for a second term as FCC Commissioner. Let’s get focused on making sure we protect an open inter-net. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). The Senator from Massachu-setts. 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING  
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I wish to start my remarks with my deepest condolences and prayers for the people of Las Vegas and for the families and loved ones of the victims of the worst 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.014 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6248 October 2, 2017 
mass shooting in our Nation’s history. The Nation’s heart breaks that inno-cent concertgoers had to suffer such senseless violence. May you find the strength and love to overcome your grief, to heal, and to move forward. We owe our gratitude to the brave first responders for their efforts last night and to the medical professionals who are working tirelessly to heal wounds and save lives right now. But enough is enough. Americans are tired of living in fear that their community will be the next Newtown, Aurora, Or-lando, or Las Vegas. We must act so that we do not become numb to this preventable carnage. This epidemic of gun violence in our country is not preordained. It is pre-ventable. We can begin by banning these military-style assault weapons, like the AR–51, which are the guns of choice for those who seek to inflict mass casualties on civilians. These are weapons that belong in combat, not in our communities. Unfortunately, the gun lobby pre-vailed on Congress to let the assault weapons ban expire in 2004, but we need it now more than ever. We must also pass legislation to ensure that all gun purchases include a background check. Ninety-two percent of Americans sup-port expanded background checks. No one should be able to purchase a gun through Facebook or Instagram with-out a background check. Instagram should not be ‘‘Instagun,’’ which it is in America today. Let’s also close the gun-show loop-hole that allows anyone to go into one of these Kmarts full of killing ma-chines and buy a gun without a back-ground check. Let’s close the loophole that allows domestic abusers to buy guns. Let’s close the loophole that al-lows straw purchasers to buy guns and flood our streets with them. Let’s re-peal the Protection of Lawful Com-merce in Arms Act, or the PLCAA, and take away the gun manufacturers’ im-munity from civil liability. PLCAA should stand for ‘‘protecting lives, cre-ating arms accountability.’’ We must also recognize that this epi-demic of gun violence is a public health emergency, and we must treat it that way. We must fully fund this critical research agenda at the Centers for Dis-ease Control and give the CDC the re-sources it needs. We will hear lots of people say that now is not the time to politicize this tragedy, that talking about legislation is insensitive and wrong. The only thing the NRA wants more than to sell lots of gun silencers is to put a silencer on the debate about gun safety legisla-tion. The only thing the NRA wants more than allowing nationwide con-cealed carry laws is to conceal the overwhelming support for background checks. The only thing the NRA wants more than to stifle smart gun tech-nology is to stifle debate on gun vio-lence protection. So to anyone who says having this debate now is too soon, it is already too late for at least 58 people in Las Vegas and the hundreds of others who were wounded. We should not wait an-other day. We need to pass common-sense gun safety legislation so we can hold a moment of silence for the NRA’s stranglehold on American politics. We must make ‘‘NRA’’ stand for ‘‘not rel-evant anymore’’ in American politics and in our country. That should be our agenda here on the floor of the Senate. What is wrong is leaving Americans in our communities unprotected yet again from gun violence. What is wrong is not having a debate and allowing the NRA to block sensible gun safety legis-lation. We must act so that we do not become numb to the preventable car-nage for the people of Las Vegas and the people of Newtown, Aurora, San Bernardino, and every community in our country. That should be our re-sponsibility now in this country. Mr. President, I wish to turn my at-tention to the confirmation of FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, the subject of to-day’s vote on the Senate floor. Last week, I took to the floor to ex-plain how, in his short tenure as Chair-man of the Federal Communications Commission, Ajit Pai has stood up for big corporations and ignored American consumers. Under Ajit Pai, the FCC now stands for ‘‘forgetting consumers and competi-tion.’’ Here are the five reasons I gave. No. 1, on net neutrality, I explained how Ajit Pai wants to take a ‘‘weed whacker’’—his words—to net neu-trality, allowing broadband providers to serve as internet gatekeepers and pick online winners and losers. No. 2, on privacy, Chairman Pai has actively supported efforts to allow broadband providers to sell consumers’ sensitive information without their consent, as well as eliminating require-ments for those companies to put in place data security protections, despite the obvious need to protect personal information. No. 3, on megamergers, Mr. Pai has paved the way for massive mergers, which will squeeze out independent programmers and lead to higher prices for consumers. No. 4, on the E-rate, the education rate, Chairman Pai has refused to com-mit to protecting the E-rate, the most successful educational technology pro-gram in our country’s history, which links up schools and libraries to the internet. No. 5, on the Lifeline Program, Mr. Pai has undercut the Lifeline Program, which provides access to voice and internet service for millions of low-in-come Americans. The case against Chairman Pai’s nomination is clear. I want to spend a few more minutes today on the par-ticularly critical issue of net neu-trality, the chief governing principle of the internet. Net neutrality ensures that all inter-net traffic is treated equally, requiring that internet service providers like AT&T, Charter, Verizon, and Comcast do not block, slow down, sensor, or prioritize internet traffic. Today, essentially every company is an internet company. Every company has to deal with the digital revolution to be relevant in the 21st century. In 2016, almost half of the venture capital funds invested in this country went to-ward internet-specific and software companies. That is $25 billion worth of investment—half of all venture capital in this country. That is good. To meet America’s insatiable de-mand for broadband internet, the U.S. broadband and telecommunications in-dustry—the big companies—invested more than $87 billion in capital expend-itures in 2015. That is the highest rate of annual investment in the last 10 years. That is good. We have hit the sweet spot. Invest-ment in broadband and wireless tech-nologies is very high. Job creation is very high. Venture capital investment in online startups is very high. With net neutrality rules in place, the best ideas, not merely the best funded ideas, can thrive in the 21st century. Chairman Pai says he ‘‘likes’’ net neutrality, but then he says he wants to take an ax to the very order that es-tablished today’s net neutrality rules. That is like saying you value democ-racy but don’t really like the Constitu-tion. It makes no sense. Net neutrality is the organizing principle of the inter-net. Chairman Pai and the ISPs—that is, internet service providers, the big com-panies—keep walking around, whis-pering how title II is some terrible word, some terrible thing. Let’s understand how we landed here. What is title II? It gets very mys-terious until you put it into very sim-ple language. In 2010, the Federal Com-munications Commission attempted to put net neutrality rules in place with-out reclassifying broadband under title II of the Communications Act. The Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit Court pro-ceeded to invalidate those rules and said to the Federal Communications Commission: Here is how you can do it, and it will not be struck down. Here is a smart way for you to put net neu-trality on the books, which will make it legal. So the Federal Communications Commission, in correctly reading the court decision, went back, and in 2015 adopted the open internet order, which reclassified broadband as a tele-communications service under title II—under this ability to regulate. They did it, and the circuit court of appeals upheld the rules in a 2016 decision. There it is: instructed by the court how to do it, follow the instructions, implement, done. It is now baked into the personality of the internet to have openness. The apertures are there for anyone to be able to get on, not to be discriminated against. That is what the internet should be like in the 21st century. Title II is appropriate because it was Congress’s intent to preserve the FCC’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.016 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6249 October 2, 2017 
authority to forestall threats to com-petition and innovation in tele-communications services, even as those technologies used to offer those services evolve over time. We are not locked into one period of technology. As it evolves, so, too, does an evolution occur in terms of what openness means—the ability of every-one to be able to use the internet with-out being discriminated against. Broadband has become the single most important telecommunications service Americans use to transmit in-formation to one another, and it has become clear that innovators, busi-nesses, and consumers overwhelmingly view broadband as a telecommuni-cations service. This is common sense to Americans around the country, with the only ex-ception being big telecommunications lobbyists and lawyers who work to close this internet, who want to stop this incredible, entrepreneurial, de-mocracy-enhancing set of rules that exists to ensure that this communica-tions mechanism is not controlled by just a small number of companies. Ajit Pai has said that he likes net neutrality, but he thinks it should be voluntary. But voluntary regulations will not work. We know that the broadband industry—your cable, your wireless, your telecommunications pro-vider—cannot regulate themselves. They struggle to even show up on time to install or fix your service. Do we really trust the broadband in-dustry to resist leveraging their inter-net gatekeeper role and putting their online competitors at an unfair dis-advantage? Of course not. Americans have made their voices heard about net neutrality. More than 22 million Americans have written to the Federal Communications Commis-sion in the past several months, send-ing a clear message of support for net neutrality. Hear that again: 22 million Americans sent a message to the Fed-eral Communications Commission that they do not want to see a change in the net neutrality rules for our country. Yet Ajit Pai will not listen. His plan will allow broadband providers to stifle innovation, stifle entrepreneurship. His plan will allow big broadband barons to crush competition, reduce choice, and then make consumers pay more. We cannot allow this to happen. That is why this vote we are about to take is so important. That is why I urge my colleagues to stand up for consumers and to vote no on Ajit Pai’s nomina-tion to be the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission. I yield back the remainder of my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be able to complete my remarks prior to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I rise to voice my strong support for the nomi-nation of Ajit Pai to a second 5-year term as a Commissioner at the Federal Communications Commission. Mr. Pai has served as a Commissioner at the FCC since 2012, when he was first con-firmed by a voice vote in the Senate. He was designated as Chairman earlier this year. A native of Kansas, Chairman Pai has focused on the expansion of rural broadband and the acceleration of next-generation infrastructure deploy-ment. In recent weeks, he has worked tirelessly to help ensure that commu-nications services are restored to the communities that have been affected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria. In just his 9 months since be-coming Chairman, Mr. Pai has also made much needed reforms to improve transparency at the FCC and to im-prove the agency’s processes. I am particularly heartened by Chair-man Pai’s efforts to treat his fellow Commissioners fairly by instituting the process of sharing documents with other Commissioners before discussing them publicly. Additionally, under Chairman Pai’s leadership, the public is now able to view the text of all agen-da items in advance of Commission hearings. With respect to the thorny issue of internet regulations, I am pleased Chairman Pai has sought to hit the reset button on the 2015 title II order because, as I had previously said, the FCC should do what is necessary to re-balance its regulatory posture under current law. At the same time, I con-tinue to believe the best way to provide long-term protections for the internet is for Congress to pass bipartisan legis-lation. Rather than prolonging the back- and-forth debate on this issue, I, once again, invite my colleagues to work with me to find a lasting legislative so-lution that will resolve the dispute over net neutrality once and for all. As for the nomination before us, I can think of no better pick to lead the FCC as it works to address a host of issues at the heart of our inter-connected economy. As I noted at the outset, Chairman Pai has already made much needed reforms to improve the processes at the FCC that empower fel-low Commissioners. He has already shown a commitment to ensuring transparency and openness at the Com-mission. That gives me great con-fidence in the direction he will lead the agency. Chairman Pai’s approach, I believe, will lead to more long-lasting and posi-tive results at the FCC. That is why I believe the elevation of Ajit Pai to be the Chairman of the Commission is a much needed breath of fresh air and why I believe he should be confirmed promptly and without further delay. I urge my colleagues to support his nom-ination. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. All time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Pai nomina-tion? The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ  M
ASTO ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), are nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 41, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 209 Ex.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Wicker Young 
NAYS—41 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Reed Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—7 
Cochran Cortez Masto Heller McCain Menendez Sanders Toomey 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The Senator from Arizona. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.017 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6250 October 2, 2017 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NOMINATION OF AMY BARRETT Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss how we allow religious believers to participate in public life. From the founding of our country, religious believers have played a cen-tral role in our government. The Dec-laration of Independence was signed by a Presbyterian minister, John Witherspoon, and Charles Carroll, the cousin of our first Catholic bishop. The importance of religious partici-pation was in the air the Founders breathed, and the benefits religious be-lievers of all backgrounds contributed to the common good was understood by the Framers of the Constitution. That is why they made it clear in article VI of the Constitution that no public offi-cers could be subject to a ‘‘religious test.’’ This new country wouldn’t be a country for Anglicans or for Congrega-tionalists or for Quakers; it would be a country for all Americans and all faiths—all of those who are committed to the Constitution and the common good. Unfortunately, the religious test clause is no longer just the subject of history lessons. During this Congress, there have been a number of cases where my friends in the minority have seemed to ask nominees about their substantive religious beliefs. I find this particularly troublesome because, as a Mormon, I am a member of a faith that, while it is growing rapidly, still counts fewer adherents than many other religions. It is religious liberty, espoused in constitutional provisions like article VI and the First Amend-ment, that has allowed my faith, de-spite a very difficult history, to flour-ish in the United States, and it is reli-gious liberty that is threatened when we seem to evaluate the fitness of nominees for higher office on religious orthodoxy. The most recent example of this was the recent Judiciary Committee nomi-nation hearing of Professor Amy Coney Barrett of the Notre Dame Law School. During the hearing, she was asked re-peatedly about her Catholic faith and faced what bordered on ridicule when she repeatedly stated that she would perform her judicial duties without in-terference from the doctrines of the Catholic faith. It was stated by one questioner: ‘‘The dogma lives loudly within you, and that’s of concern.’’ What does that statement mean in this context, if not to question Professor Barrett’s judicial fitness based on her religious beliefs? Liberal groups have been relentless in their opposition to Professor Bar-rett, mischaracterizing her record to paint her as some kind of fringe ideo-logue waiting to take orders from the Pope or others in clergy on how to de-cide cases. Just last week, the New York Times ran a 1500-word story on where Professor Barrett worships. As it turns out, apart from her parish church, Professor Barrett has been part of an ecumenical charismatic commu-nity. I should note that charismatic Chris-tianity is gaining a lot of ground among Latinos in the United States and throughout Latin America. It is a vibrant and very diverse religious tra-dition. According to the Times, Professor Barrett should have disclosed her par-ticipation in this charismatic commu-nity to the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee. Professor Barrett’s former professor and colleague, Professor Cathy Kaveny of Boston College, went so far as to ask: ‘‘[Nominees] have to disclose ev-erything from the Elks Lodge to the alumni associations we belong to. Why didn’t she disclose this?’’ Well, I am no law professor, but I can tell you why: because in the United States of Amer-ica, it doesn’t matter where you wor-ship when you are being considered for Federal office, and that is as it should be. The Judiciary Committee does not require disclosure of religious affili-ation, and I trust my colleagues would join me in strenuously objecting if it did. It is ironic that a Notre Dame pro-fessor is a target of this kind of ani-mus. Notre Dame, of course, has long been at the forefront of fighting preju-dice in this country. Early in its years, Notre Dame helped rid America of the scourge of slavery. Many artists have rendered Notre Dame professor, Father William Corby, giving the Irish Brigade general absolution during the Battle of Gettys-burg. The school then faced down the Ku Klux Klan in the 1920s. At a time when a large number of White men in Indi-ana were members of the Klan, Notre Dame students made it clear that the Klan’s brand of nativist, anti-immi-grant, anti-Catholic hate was not wel-comed in South Bend. Four decades later, Notre Dame’s president, Father Ted Hesburgh, re-ceived a call about a rally at Soldier Field being organized by Dr. Martin Luther King. Hesburgh was told that Mayor Daley and Cardinal Cody had de-clined invitations to appear at the civil rights rally, and the organizers won-dered if he would be willing to appear. In response, Hesburgh drove to Chi-cago, locked hands with Dr. King, and sang ‘‘We Shall Overcome.’’ Whether it is slavery, nativism, or Jim Crow, Notre Dame has stood up to it and has triumphed. In that same tra-dition, I am confident that Professor Barrett is up to that task. What is re-markable is that I need to say this in 2017. It bears repeating that a Roman Catholic can be a faithful steward of the law. So can an Episcopalian. So can a Mormon. So can a Muslim. Of course, so can an atheist. We in the Senate give the President advice and consent on judicial nomina-tions. We therefore should examine their jurisprudential views and their qualifications. We must not examine their relationships with the Almighty. I sincerely hope this body will step back from this dangerous ledge and evaluate Professor Barrett based on her impeccable qualifications, not where she attends church. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 119, Lee Francis Cissna. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Lee Francis Cissna, of Mary-land, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Home-land Security. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, Mike Crapo, John Cornyn, John McCain, Pat Roberts, Steve Daines, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Lee, John Boozman, Lindsey Graham, James M. Inhofe, Cory Gardner, Jeff Flake, John Thune, John Barrasso, Orrin G. Hatch. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.024 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6251 October 2, 2017 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 112, Eric Hargan. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Eric D. Hargan, of Illinois, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Eric D. Hargan, of Illinois, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services. Mitch McConnell, Lamar Alexander, John Cornyn, John Barrasso, Mike Rounds, Chuck Grassley, Thad Coch-ran, Steve Daines, Roger F. Wicker, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, John Hoeven, John Thune, Mike Crapo, Bill Cassidy, James M. Inhofe, Tom Cotton. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 301, Randal Quarles. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2004. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2004. Mitch McConnell, Orrin G. Hatch, James Lankford, Jerry Moran, Johnny Isak-son, John Thune, Thom Tillis, Shelley Moore Capito, Mike Crapo, James E. Risch, Mike Rounds, John Barrasso, John Cornyn, Chuck Grassley, John Boozman, John Hoeven, Rob Portman. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 226, Callista Gingrich. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Callista L. Gingrich, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Holy See. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Callista L. Gingrich, of Virginia, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Holy See. Mitch McConnell, Bob Corker, Johnny Isakson, Patrick J. Toomey, Richard Burr, Orrin G. Hatch, Roger F. Wicker, Tom Cotton, James Lankford, Pat Rob-erts, Ron Johnson, Richard C. Shelby, Cory Gardner, John Thune, James E. Risch, Deb Fischer, David Perdue. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Connecticut. LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I think all of us felt a familiar knot in our stomach early this morning when we received news of what might be the deadliest mass shooting in American history. The numbers are hard to com-prehend. They certainly aren’t final. Fifty-eight people are dead, and per-haps over 500 have been wounded, ei-ther by the gunshots themselves or by the pandemonium that ensued once the thousands of concertgoers in downtown Las Vegas figured out they were being fired upon from above. There is nothing wrong with sending every thought and prayer and every bit of your heart to Las Vegas, to all of the family members who lost loved ones, to those who are recovering, to the first responders, and to the community at large. It really does help. I lived through one of these as a witness in Sandy Hook. Many of those parents are still my friends. We are about the same age, and our kids are the same age. While there are absolutely no words and no gestures that can ever salve the wounds that come with losing a child— especially a first grader—it did not hurt to know that the rest of the world was thinking every single minute about that community. There was an overwhelming amount of stuff that showed up in Sandy Hook—the teddy bears that piled up in the days and weeks that followed. It was a reminder to that town that they weren’t forgot-ten. It helps. It does. But it is not enough. I want to just spend a few moments— I know I was preceded by a few of my colleagues—to talk about the work that we have to do here if we are to ad-dress what I would consider to be a fes-tering, lingering paradox that exists in this country. What I mean by that is this. This is a country that leads. Al-most every great magical invention in this world today—whether it be open economies, participatory democracies, communication through the internet— is essentially a modern American in-vention. The reason that we were able to cata-pult the rest of the world in just a quarter millennium to a point of global preeminence is because we saw big problems and we solved them before anybody else did. Then we took those solutions and we exported them to the rest of the world. That is a definitional characteristic of this country—work-ing harder than anybody else to solve big problems and then giving that solu-tion to others so they can use it for themselves. The paradox lies here. We solved a lot of big problems: How to govern ourselves, how to order our economies, how to talk to each other, and how to save people from disease. Yet maybe the longest standing human concern is a very simple one—concern for our physical safety. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.027 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6252 October 2, 2017 
I can chart you a history of civiliza-tion based upon society’s ability to protect more consistently our physical body. That is, in fact, one of the origi-nal reasons why humans found each other—to try to protect ourselves from physical harm that comes from the outside. The paradox lies in the fact that, when it comes to this country’s ability to protect its citizens from physical harm, we are not a leader. We are a laggard. We are an outlier when compared to other industrialized first- world nations. You are much more likely to meet a violent death, espe-cially by the hands of a firearm, in this country than you are in other first- world countries. It is time for us to explore why this paradox exists. Why are we such a lead-er and why have we been such a leader over the course of 240 years on so many different concerns, and yet we are a laggard when it comes to protecting ourselves and our fellow citizens from physical violence? The scope of this problem is enormous. When you look at OECD countries, there are just a hand-ful that have a higher rate of vio-lence—and, in particular, gun vio-lence—than the United States. I have been down on this floor as have Senator D
URBIN and others to talk about the numbers, over and over. But every day approximately 80 people lose their lives by gunfire, and two- thirds of those are suicide. But still, about 30 people every day are killed with a gun that is used by someone else. There is really no other country in the industrialized world that meets that rate of gun violence. The mass shootings, which get the most attention, are truly epidemic. We have become normalized and regular-ized to 50 or 40 or 30 people losing their lives, but this happens nowhere else other than the United States at this rate. This is a uniquely American prob-lem, and, by the way, it is not just the Las Vegases, the Orlandos, and the Sandy Hooks. We have actually had more mass shootings this year than days in the year, if you categorize a mass shooting as four or more people being shot in any one given time. Let me guarantee you, if four or more peo-ple were shot in your town or your neighborhood, that would be a cata-clysmic event, and yet it happens on average more than once a day in this country. Because we have become so regularized to it, only with the mo-ments like last night, where the scale is truly epic, do we focus on it as a Na-tion. I want my colleagues to understand the pain that comes when the victims of this kind of epidemic violence see nothing but silence from this body. The hurt is deep. The scars are wide in Newtown, but they are made wider by the fact that this body, in 4
1⁄2years, has done absolutely nothing to reduce the likelihood of another mass shoot-ing. Indeed, because we have done nothing, the mass shootings continue. I know these are harsh words, but I believe it in my heart. I think this is an unintentional endorsement that gets sent to these mass murderers when, slaughter after slaughter, Con-gress does nothing. If the greatest de-liberative body in the world doesn’t act in unison to condemn them through policy change, it starts to feel and look like complicity. So there is going to be another wave of unimaginable pain that will sweep across Las Vegas and the country as we learn about who these victims were and, perhaps, as the numbers mount. They will, over time, be just as angry and just as furious at this body as those parents in Sandy Hook are today that we do nothing to try to reduce the likelihood of these shootings. Compassion is important, but it is not enough. I read a little passage of the Bible to my 5-year-old son every night. I am the furthest thing from a theologian, but I know that sprinkled throughout the Bible are references to the fact that prayer has to be matched with action— with works. James says: ‘‘Show me your faith apart from your works, and I will show you my faith by my works.’’ Thoughts and prayers need to be matched by action, and that is our job. Our job, frankly, is not just to send good thoughts. The reason why we exist is to act, to change the laws of the Nation, and to address challenges that our constituents face. Since the beginning of time, the most important challenge our constituents have faced— the human race has faced—is that of physical security. So before I turn this over to my col-leagues, let me just run down very quickly through the arguments that are going to be used over the next few days to continue to do nothing. The first is already in operation today, and it is a critique I hear very often. It is often lodged at me personally. It is this: To talk about policy change in the wake of a mass shooting is to politicalize it, to cheapen it. I reject that argument in full force because the reality is that every single day there is a mass shooting. Every single day 80 people die from gun violence. Unfortu-nately, the news media doesn’t pay at-tention to that regular carnage. If we aren’t talking about policy change the day after a mass shooting in this country, then you are never talking about policy change, because a mass shooting happens, on average, every day. Unfortunately, the ones in which 8 people are shot or 12 people are shot do not get national attention. Second, whether we like it or not, the world’s attention—the country’s attention—is positioned on this ques-tion of how we protect our country from harm in the immediate aftermath of these mass shootings. It is an enor-mous gift to the gun lobby, to the forces of status quo, if we cannot talk about how to change our laws to make people safer when everyone’s mind is on that question. When a murder oc-curs, there is not a 48-hour waiting pe-riod before the police can try to inves-tigate who did it and how to hold them accountable. So why can’t we get im-mediately to the question of why these shootings are happening and try to solve it? Also, others today are saying that legislation is a pointless exercise be-cause you can’t regulate away evil. There is truth to that. There are evil people in the world who are regularly doing very bad things, and there is no way that a set of laws can stop people from doing harm. But I would argue in some way, shape, or form, that the very nature of government is an at-tempt to try to regulate the effect of evil on citizens. Our laws against mur-der, arson, rape, and assault are at-tempts to try to make sure that people are protected from evil, from bad peo-ple. So why can’t we have a conversa-tion about how to make sure that peo-ple who are contemplating mass vio-lence, at the very least, do the least vi-olence possible? It is not coincidental that these epi-demic mass shootings, in which 50 or 60 or 40 people have died, largely have happened after the expiration of the as-sault weapons ban. Now that it is much easier to get your hands on a gun that is much more accurate and much more lethal, the likelihood of large numbers of people dying, as happened last night, is much greater. An AR–15 style weapon does some-thing different to a human body than a pistol does. That is why 20 kids were shot in Sandy Hook, and not a single one of them survived. Laws do work. Just look at a State like Connecticut, which requires uni-versal background checks, doesn’t allow you to buy assault weapons, and requires you to get a permit before you can carry it. When we passed that set of laws, it resulted in a 40-percent re-duction in gun violence, even when you attribute or account for other factors that could have caused that reduction. That is a Johns Hopkins study. In places that have universal back-ground checks, gun homicides are lower; domestic violence homicides are much lower by a degree of 40 percent. Laws work. The data is irrefutable on this point. Though you can’t regulate away evil in total, you can do more to protect people, especially from this mass-scope gun violence. Third, people will say: Well, this guy clearly was very mentally ill. With gun laws, you can’t do anything about the fact that people are mentally ill. That is true. We should fix our broken sys-tem of mental health treatment be-cause it is broken, but we should also recognize that this problem of mass execution is a uniquely American prob-lem, despite the fact that there is no evidence that we have a higher rate of mental illness than any other country. There are plenty of very mentally ill people in other OECD countries. But in those countries, their mental illness is not a straight line to a gun crime, in large part because they have a very dif-ferent set of laws that make it harder 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.034 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6253 October 2, 2017 
to get your hands on a gun and much harder, if not impossible, to get your hands on a weapon that does the kind of mass violence we saw last night. Lastly, one of the favorite arguments is that this is just too hot an issue for the U.S. Senate or a political body to handle, that it is controversial. It is controversial, but it is not as con-troversial as people may think. In fact, the issue of background checks—which I understand may not have been dispositive on what hap-pened in Las Vegas last night but might have reduced the likelihood that another 80 people died from gun vio-lence over the course of Sunday—is supported by 80 percent of Americans. Most polls will suggest that a major-ity of Americans support the other sweep in law changes that I talked about as well. In fact, many of the first steps we would take as a body—saying that peo-ple on the terrorist watch list can’t buy guns, tightening up the law to make sure people who are mentally ill can’t buy guns—are supported by 80 to 90 percent of our constituents, no mat-ter whether they live in a blue State or a red State. The question of making sure that only the right people own guns is actually one of the least con-troversial issues in the American pub-lic today. Why don’t we start by find-ing that common ground? Then maybe after that, we can find other common ground. This is going to keep happening. This is going to keep happening over and over again. I know the answer can’t be that we are powerless, as a body, to do something about it. I personally just can’t bring that answer back to the families of Sandy Hook for another year. I don’t want to speak for them, but I have a feeling that the delegation from Nevada is going to have a hard time bringing that answer back to the vic-tims in Las Vegas as well. This is a growing fraternity—a trag-ic, awful fraternity—of Members of Congress who represent States and have gone through these horrific mass executions. I had too many phone calls from Senators, Representatives, who were already part of that club when Sandy Hook happened. I got to make that call this morning, as well, to offer whatever advice I could on how to help the community heal. But this silence has become an unin-tentional endorsement. It has become a kind of sick complicity, and I hope that in the coming days we can come together—Republicans and Demo-crats—to start talking about, at the very least, some baby steps to show the people of Las Vegas, to show the people of Orlando, to show my constituents, my friends from Sandy Hook, that si-lence is no longer an option. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, let me thank my colleague from Connecticut. He sponsored a filibuster on this issue, I believe it was last year. I participated in it, as did many Members of our cau-cus. Both he and Senator B
LUMENTHAL  bring a special perspective to this issue of gun violence, representing the State of Connecticut and the families who lost their first graders. I believe they were first graders who were shot down, 20 of them killed in their classrooms. I remember, when I heard that story on how those children died and their teachers died, I thought to myself: This must be the moment that will moti-vate America to finally do something if innocent, first grade children can be shot down in their classrooms in this fashion. The honest answer is that we have spoken a lot about the issue, but we have done little or nothing to change the circumstances that led to their death. If that were the only case, it would be bad enough, but the Orlando night-club—I believe 49 were killed there. Some crazed person went there and killed innocent people gathered at that nightclub. As Senator M
URPHY has said, when you go through the litany, it is an end-less litany of victims of gun violence— and last night in Las Vegas, NV, the worst gun crime in the modern history of the United States of America, the worst. Estimates now, which I saw as I came to the floor, are that 58 have died and over 500 were seriously injured. I don’t know what the ultimate numbers will be, but those numbers, in and of them-selves, are incredible. Last night, we witnessed what was the worst mass shooting to date in the Nation. This gunman, supposedly, at 10 p.m. last night in Las Vegas local time, began firing from a room on the 32nd floor of a hotel into a crowd of people gathered for a country music festival. He supposedly was holed up in his hotel room with at least 10 guns and obvi-ously fired hundreds of rounds of am-munition. As I mentioned, 58 people have been reported to have died, and over 515 in-jured. Those are staggering and horri-fying numbers. There are literally hundreds of fami-lies tonight and communities who have been changed forever by this horren-dous crime. Our prayers, obviously, naturally, go out to them in this mo-ment of loss and uncertainty. During and after the shooting—as we expect but should never take for grant-ed—law enforcement, first responders, acted like the heroes that they are, working to stop the shooter, securing the scene, helping the victims, saving lives. We are grateful to these first re-sponders, who so often are called to run to the sound of gunfire to keep us safe, not to run away. It is unthinkable that this type of shooting tragedy could happen in the United States of America, but I am sorry to say it is becoming a regular occurrence. This was the worst, but yesterday, October 1, was also the 2- year anniversary of the mass shooting in Roseburg, OR, when a gunman killed eight students and a professor at a community college. Also, this past weekend, at least 33 people were shot in the city of Chicago. At least four died. The relentless toll of gun violence never seems to stop. The American Medical Association has declared that gun violence is a pub-lic health crisis in America. On an av-erage day, 300 Americans are shot. On an average day, 300 Americans are shot. About one-third of them will die from that gunshot. Mass shootings, as Senator MURPHY  said earlier, have become a daily occur-rence. If our critics would say ‘‘Please, don’t exploit the event of a mass shoot-ing by speaking on the floor,’’ as Sen-ator M
URPHY has made clear, then we wouldn’t be able to speak any day of the year because they are so common. We can’t let this become the new American normal. We can’t just shrug our shoulders when we see over 30,000 Americans shot and killed year after year after year. We can’t sit back and do nothing while hundreds of our fellow Americans are shot in one night simply because they went out to hear a music concert. Just this last week, I was at a con-cert in Nashville, TN, at the Ryman, the site of the Grand Ole Opry; 2,000 people gathered there. They were main-ly folks from the Midwest, many of them retired, who love country music, I am sure, as the people in Las Vegas did. When I heard about what happened in Las Vegas, I thought: Well, what if someone had walked into that theater and opened fire? It could have, sadly, happened there. What are we going to do about it? Certainly, there will be outrage at the death. There will be grief over the loss. But then what? That is what Senator M
URPHY challenges us to think about. We serve in the U.S. Senate. We are not just casual observers of this vio-lence. We are supposed to pass laws to make America safer. What will we do because of what happened in Las Vegas last night? That is the question that brings me to the floor this evening. If we have a responsibility to keep our families and America safe, what are we prepared to do? For the gun deaths in Chicago, there are some things that I would do in-stantly. Background checks—I don’t believe we should be able to walk into a gun show and buy a firearm or more than one, incidentally, and take them out of the back door without somebody asking: Who are you? Do you have a criminal record? Would you be dis-qualified from buying these same guns at a licensed gun dealer? Currently, the law is riddled with loopholes, and those loopholes lead to death, death on the streets of Chicago. We also have these purchases being made by straw purchasers. In other words, the girlfriend, who has no crimi-nal record, who walks into the gun 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.035 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6254 October 2, 2017 
shop in the suburbs of Chicago and buys the gun for her boyfriend outside in the car, who is going to use it that night to shoot up a rival gang member or some other criminal activity. Those are two very obvious things I would push for instantly: Close the gun show loophole; make sure we do something about straw purchasers so that the pen-alties are serious enough that they will never do it again. There is more. This morning, I was on a radio show in Chicago, one of the most famous ones, I guess. I listened to a fellow named Steve Cochran cele-brating his 1,000th show on the air. This was the topic we talked about. Steve asked me: Well, what can we do? I said: Steve, we have to rely on people who honor the Second Amend-ment and believe it is an important part of our Constitution to stand up and lead. I am talking about members of my family who are hunters and sportsmen. I have been out hunting myself. We have to have people who are concerned about guns for self-defense stand up and say: We have to draw a reasonable line. There is no reasonable line under the Second Amendment that would allow what happened in Las Vegas last night. To think that someone could injure over 500 people and kill 58—what kind of weaponry did he use? We will know. We will find out the details, but it cer-tainly goes beyond any reasonable weaponry needed for self-defense, sport, or hunting purposes. Can we not at least appeal to those who honor the Second Amendment to join us in drawing a reasonable line so combat and military-style weapons that can lead to such carnage are not considered to be normal or acceptable? Decades ago we did when it came to machineguns. Decades ago we said this is a weapon no one should have, period, except for the military and perhaps law enforcement. Can we return to that conversation? We are going to need the leadership from people who believe in the Second Amendment to make it happen. We have seen Democrats and Repub-licans join together to pass meaningful laws to deal with public health crises like opioid addiction. We have to do the same for this public health crisis. I am sorry to report that a recent nominee for Surgeon General of the United States was almost denied that opportunity because he was bold enough to say that gun violence is a public health crisis. It certainly is. There is no single law or policy that will prevent every tragic shooting, just as there is no single law or policy that will end heroin overdoses, but let’s start working together to do some-thing. We can’t stop the shootings that have already happened in Las Vegas, Chicago, Roseburg, OR, and across the Nation. We failed to respond in time for those victims and their families. But if we work together, we can stop shootings in the future. That is some-thing we should all strive to do. We must do all we can to spare fami-lies the unimaginable pain so many in Las Vegas are feeling today in the aftermath of this horrible tragedy. I hope we will. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I com-mend the words and the determination for action that were expressed by the Senator from Connecticut and the Sen-ator from Illinois. Like them, and like so many people across the country, I start with condolences and prayers and commendations. I offer condolences to the families—the names and the fami-lies we don’t know yet—of this most recent tragedy, but we do know they are not only worthy of our expressions of condolence but will be in need of our prayers. Then, I offer commendations, of course, to the first responders and the law enforcement officials who re-sponded as they always do, running to-ward the danger, running to help. We can’t say enough about the work they do. If we stop at expressing condolences and offering prayers and commending those who take action, like first re-sponders and law enforcement—if we stop there, I don’t think that is an ade-quate response to this tragedy, just like it wasn’t an adequate response in connection with the Pulse Night Club or the tragedy in December of 2012 in Newtown, CT. It is nowhere near an adequate response when we consider the enormity of this problem. I believe we have to take action. I will talk about that in a moment. Ac-tion must start with what happens on this floor. It is difficult to take action necessarily if there isn’t time for de-bate, time for collaboration on legisla-tion, and ultimately consideration of legislation on the floor of the Senate and I would hope in the U.S. House of Representatives. The enormity of this tragedy is al-most hard to comprehend when we think about it, not just in terms of the number, which at last count was 58 killed and over 500—over 500—injured. Those numbers are almost too large to comprehend; that one person with one weapon or maybe several weapons was able to inflict that kind of carnage in one place at one time. I don’t know how long it took, but he wasn’t shoot-ing for many hours to kill that many people. He did it in a short timeframe. When we consider those numbers, I have to ask—I don’t know if we went back and compared a similar day or a similar timeframe, comparing the loss of life in the context of war, but I am sure there were plenty of days of con-flict where Americans were on foreign soil in a battle, in a war, where we would have lost even less lives on a particular day or a portion of a par-ticular day. The scale of this is almost unimaginable. Then, we need to consider what has been happening on our streets. Every State, every community has their own numbers. I can point to Pennsylvania. Just since 2014, thousands of shoot-ings—by one estimate I think over 7,700—but then, of course, the more ominous number is the number of peo-ple killed as a result of those shoot-ings. In Pennsylvania, since 2014, some 2,072 people have died as a result of that larger number of shootings. I think for the Nation, and I think, certainly, undoubtedly for me, maybe the most important or the most sem-inal day in this debate was in Decem-ber of 2012 at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, CT. The distin-guished Senator from Connecticut, who joins us on the floor and started to-night with his remarks, remembers it better than probably any other Mem-ber of the Senate, other than his col-league in Connecticut and others who lived through it. One of the questions I asked myself at the end of that weekend, after watching hours and hours of television coverage and reading a lot about it and then watching a news report on Sunday evening which tracked the pathway of the killer going to one classroom and killing 20 children—6-year-olds, 7-year- olds, first graders—after he had done that, he was on his way to another classroom. So I concluded from that, if he had more time, in addition to the 20 killed in one classroom and the adults who were killed, we would have been reading about potentially hundreds of children killed in one school in even less—a lot less than a day, maybe an hour or two or three, but that didn’t happen. He took his own life. So I began to ask myself not only what should we do in response to this— and I had concluded at that point to support legislation—but a larger ques-tion kept coming to mind. If one per-son, with one weapon or a few weapons and unlimited ammunition—if one per-son cannot only kill 20 children in Con-necticut, I guess almost 50 people in Florida, and now we know from Las Vegas at least 58, and I am sure some who were injured will die—but if one person can do that, we have to ask our-selves, Is there nothing we can do? Be-cause that becomes part of the debate, right? One side says: Let’s take action by way of legislation or take some action that would reduce the likelihood that we have more tragedies like this, more mass shootings, but the response im-mediately comes back that the other side says: We agree it is tragic, we agree we want to prevent it, we agree we want to reduce the likelihood, but there is nothing we can do legislatively to reduce the likelihood or to prevent it. I don’t think anyone would argue that a law that passes in the aftermath of this Las Vegas tragedy or a law that passes even in the aftermath of Sandy Hook Elementary School—if the law, the proposals, the bills, really, that were voted on in the Senate in 2013, if they had passed, no one can argue with certitude or with scientific precision 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.036 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6255 October 2, 2017 
that if you pass this law, this many lives will be saved. After Newtown and after this tragedy, I come back to the same question: Is there nothing we can do legislatively? We are the most pow-erful country in the world. We led the world in winning World War II, a war that was not on its way to winning until we got involved, until we were forced to respond because we were at-tacked. We are the country that has cured disease and built the strongest Republic in the history of the human race; that has the strongest military, without a doubt; that has the strongest economy, without a doubt; that has so much in ways that we can point to of American exceptionalism and strength and achievement—achievements that are unmatched anywhere in the world in almost any part of American life that one can point to. Is that same country completely disabled from tak-ing an action that would reduce the likelihood—and we would hope sub-stantially reduce the likelihood—that we will not have another Las Vegas or another Orlando or another Newtown, and go on and on from there, all of these tragedies in all of these places? Is that really what our answer is going to be? We take action when we are at-tacked, to fight back and to prevent it from happening again. We take action when there is an epidemic. We take ac-tion when there is a crisis. We take ac-tion when there is a natural disaster. We are seeing some of that most re-cently. We take action as a govern-ment. The Congress takes action. The executive takes action. Yet, in this cir-cumstance, what can only be described as an epidemic—that might be an un-derstatement—where we are losing more than 30,000 people a year, are we saying that there is nothing we can do legislatively to reduce that likelihood? I don’t think any American, if they think about it, would conclude there is nothing we can do. So when I considered that in the con-text of Sandy Hook, I had to ask my-self: Are you saying to yourself that you are going to vote no on what be-came three bills, vote no on them be-cause you believe there is nothing you can do? That is what your vote is going to be? That is going to be your re-sponse? As a legislator with the oppor-tunity to cast a vote in a body of 100 people, you are going to say no three times, as it turned out in 2013, to legis-lation because you believe there is nothing your vote and nothing this leg-islative body can do? Well, I decided to vote yes, at least, but even that is not enough. We haven’t had votes in years on these issues. Here we are, almost 5 years later—in December it will be 5 years, half a decade—since Newtown, CT, since the massacre at Sandy Hook. I have a page from the Wall Street Journal that was printed within a cou-ple days of that tragedy. It had very small color pictures and very small bi-ographies of those very small people, those 6-year-olds and 7-year-olds. It has been on my desk all of these years, and it is a very yellowed copy of a news-paper article. I often think about what those families have gone through all of these years. The great recording artist Bruce Springsteen had a song after Sep-tember 11. The name of the song is ‘‘You’re Missing.’’ The refrain in that song, of course, is ‘‘You’re missing,’’ talking about someone, of course, who lost a loved one on 9/11. He says: ‘‘You’re missing when I turn out the lights, you’re missing when I close my eyes, and you’re missing when I see the sun rise.’’ The same could be said of those Newtown families, the same could be said of those families in Or-lando, and now, unfortunately and tragically, the families in the Las Vegas area—and maybe well beyond Las Vegas—who were there for that concert. I hope this will be an occasion not just for speeches and expressions of condolence and commendation for those who showed such bravery in this tragedy, or prayers and solidarity, but that this will be a time for action, meaning action in the context of de-bate and action in the context of legis-lation. I think there are a number of steps we can take—I will not outline them all now—a number of commonsense steps we can take that are entirely consistent with the Second Amend-ment but would reduce the likelihood over time of having more and more of these tragedies or maybe, just maybe, taking action that will reduce the number of deaths. Even that would be substantial progress. I just cannot ac-cept the idea that there is absolutely nothing we can do legislatively to re-duce the likelihood—and I would hope substantially reduce the likelihood—of these tragedies so that we can prevent or at least reduce the number of trage-dies. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NORTHERN KEN-TUCKY UNIVERSITY’S SALMON P. CHASE COLLEGE OF LAW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to celebrate a special an-niversary in my home State. The Salm-on P. Chase College of Law at Northern Kentucky University, NKU, is marking its 125th year of educating students and helping them follow their dreams in the legal field. Chase’s story is one of trans-formation and innovation, and through it all, the school has produced grad-uates prepared to excel in the legal field. Originally founded in Ohio, Chase was only the third law school in the Nation to offer night programs. Since then, Chase has crossed the Ohio River into Kentucky, joined with NKU, and continued to find the best ways to grow as a respected institution. Named after Salmon P. Chase, the sixth Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court, the college is known as the Law-yer’s School for its commitment to helping students be practice-ready upon graduation. Today Chase is a proud part of Kentucky’s legal commu-nity. With graduates in a wide range of careers, including serving as Federal judges and as Members of Congress, Chase’s impact has grown considerably since its founding. It is also the proud home to a nationally recognized moot court team and has led the Common-wealth in the bar exam passage rate in recent years. These successes wouldn’t be possible without the dedicated work of Chase’s faculty, staff, and administration. I would like to extend my sincere con-gratulations to Jeffrey Standen, who serves as dean and professor at Chase. Under his leadership, Chase has contin-ued its growth, innovation, and achievement. The school’s distin-guished faculty come from some of the highest levels of the bench and bar with the experiences and passion to prepare students for success in their careers. The school’s alumni, more than 5,000 and counting, are using their skills in more than 47 States, in Wash-ington DC, and around the globe. I would also like to thank NKU’s in-terim president Gerard St. Amand, a current professor and former dean of Chase himself, for his commitment to the university and his willingness to help guide the community. Each time I have had the opportunity to engage with Chase students, I have noted their intellectual curiosity and their passion for the law. The Chase College of Law has grown so much in the last 125 years, and it has become an integral part of Ken-tucky’s legal community. I am proud to join with the Chase students, fac-ulty, staff, administration, and alumni to commemorate this occasion. I urge my colleagues to help me celebrate Chase’s quasquicentennial anniversary, and I look forward to many more years of accomplishments. f 
CONFIRMATION OF HEALTH TARBERT AND CFIUS REFORM Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I would like to take a few moments to con-gratulate Heath Tarbert, who was con-firmed by the Senate last Wednesday and will soon be serving as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Inter-national Markets and Development, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.038 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6256 October 2, 2017 
and also to talk about reform legisla-tion that relates to his new area of re-sponsibility. I was pleased to support Mr. Tarbert’s nomination, along with the vast majority of my Senate col-leagues. He has held a number of im-portant positions in all three branches of the Federal Government, including his service as a special counsel to the Senate Banking Committee during the negotiations leading to the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act; an associate counsel to the President of the United States during the global financial cri-sis; and a law clerk for the Supreme Court of the United States. He is an ex-perienced lawyer and financial expert who will be a valuable asset to the Treasury Department. While his new position may not be well known to many outside of the Beltway, it is vi-tally important to safeguarding our na-tional security interests, as Chairman Crapo of the Senate Banking Com-mittee attested to when Mr. Tarbert was voted out of committee in near- unanimous fashion in May. I have no doubt of Mr. Tarbert’s qualifications to take on this key role, and given that only one Member voted against his nomination, it is clear that there is a bipartisan consensus on that point. With that being said, I look forward to working closely with him on some important reforms that are desperately needed to protect our national security and modernize the way we screen for-eign investment deals for those risks. Specifically I am referring to the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States, better known as CFIUS. As you may know, Mr. Tarbert will now be charged with overseeing the vetting of hundreds of proposed invest-ments annually. I am confident that Mr. Tarbert will make effective use of the tools and authorities that CFIUS has. Unfortunately, those current tools and authorities are not adequate, in light of the changing national security landscape. There are clear gaps in the CFIUS process, which nations such as China are exploiting on a daily basis. The reason for this is simple: CFIUS was not designed to stop investment- driven technology transfers, and unfor-tunately, many such transactions are occurring today that are carefully de-signed to sidestep CFIUSs’ limited ju-risdiction. The need to close these gaps has gar-nered support from Republicans and Democrats alike, something that is seemingly rare in Washington these days. In fact, there is a bipartisan ef-fort coming together right now to in-troduce legislation that would mod-ernize the CFIUS process for the first time in a decade. Such commonsense reforms should be made to heighten scrutiny on certain types of invest-ments, especially from countries such as China that pose a potential threat to U.S. national security interests. At a minimum, we should expand the types of transactions that fall under CFIUS jurisdiction, including joint ventures and minority-position invest-ments, as well as certain real estate transactions in close proximity to military bases and other sensitive na-tional security facilities. My legislation, the Foreign Invest-ment Risk Review Modernization Act, or FIRRMA, will do just that, and I in-tend to file it in the next few weeks. It will address the aforementioned gaps in the current CFIUS process and will help protect our national security. I urge my colleagues to cosponsor this legislation and support these common-sense reforms for the sake of our long- term national security. (At the request of Mr. M
CCONNELL , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I want to express my sincere condolences to the victims of the shooting in Las Vegas, NV. As a lifelong Nevadan, I am overcome with sadness and grief by this senseless massacre, in which a gunman opened fire on more than 22,000 innocent concertgoers, killing more than 50 peo-ple and injuring more than 500 individ-uals. Nevada’s communities are all in mourning, and some of our loved ones and friends have been personally im-pacted by this carnage. I stand beside Nevada as they reel from this heinous, wide-scale tragedy, working to ensure that my State has the resources it needs to recover from this senseless act of violence. For these reasons, I must be with the people of Nevada right now. I have a commitment to serve my constituents and will continue to work tirelessly on the ground with the peo-ple of Las Vegas ensuring that they have resources to recover and rebuild as a community. My sincerest gratitude goes out to our first responders, local medical staff, and police officers for their swift actions and efforts that without a doubt, saved numerous lives. I also would like to recognize the countless Nevadans at the show who aided strangers in need and the wounded, using tourniquets and carrying people to safety, as the shooting continued. I have been in contact with the White House, Governor Sandoval, Mayor Carolyn Goodman, and Sheriff Joseph Lombardo and stand ready to assist Clark County Commission Chair Steve Sisolak and the Las Vegas Metropoli-tan Police Department. I will continue to monitor the situation as this hor-rific event unfolds. Lynne and I are praying for all of the victims and their families who are ex-periencing immense pain and grave, shocking loss that cannot be measured. Nevada is our home, and I know it will rise again from this perilous day. ∑ (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavoidably absent for rollcall vote No. 209, on the nomination of Ajit Varadaraj Pai, of Kansas, to be a mem-ber of the Federal Communications Commission. Had I been present, I would have voted nay.∑ (At the request of Mr. SCHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF AJIT PAI ∑Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I had every intention of ably per-forming my duty as Senator and voting today on the confirmation of Mr. Ajit Pai to be a member of the Federal Communications Commission. Unfortu-nately, the tragic events in Las Vegas last night required me to travel back to my home State. My thought and prayers are with the families of those killed and wounded in the vicious and senseless attack outside the Mandalay Bay Resort. On the question of Mr. Pai’s nomina-tion, I wanted to make my vote in op-position to his confirmation clear. Many of the specific actions taken by Mr. Pai as Chairman of the FCC have raised questions about whether he should garner my support for another term at the Commission. I have come to this decision through a process of re-viewing his resume, meeting with him personally to discuss his governing per-spective, as well as having questioned him during multiple FCC hearings be-fore the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee. I will continue to keep an open mind in working with Mr. Pai to bridge the digital divide in remote parts of Ne-vada and for my constituents who sim-ply need more access to complete their homework, apply for jobs, or perform various everyday functions that re-quire quality internet service. At this time, there were too many concerns about actions taken in Mr. Pai’s tenure since January, including the process by which he is looking to reform a free and open internet.∑ 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC6.020 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6257 October 2, 2017 
There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–44, concerning the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Commonwealth of Australia for defense arti-cles and services estimated to cost $815 mil-lion. After this letter is delivered to your of-fice, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–44 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Australia. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $661 million. Other $154 million. Total $815 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Up to three thousand nine hundred (3,900) GBU–53/B Small Diameter Bomb Increment II (SDB II). Up to thirty (30) GBU–53/B Guided Test Ve-hicles (GTV). Up to sixty (60) GBU–53/B Captive Carry Reliability Trainers (CCRT). Non-MDE: Also included in this sale are Weapon Load Crew Trainers (WLCT), Prac-tical Explosive Ordinance Disposal Trainers (PEST), containers, support and ground crew test equipment, site survey, transportation, warranties, repair and return, maintenance, publications and technical documentation, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor representa-tive engineering, logistics, and technical support services, and other related elements of logistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (X7–D– YAH). (v) Prior Related Cases. if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: September 29, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Australia—GBU–53/B Small Diameter Bomb Increment II (SDB II) The Government of Australia has re-quested a possible sale of up to three thou-sand nine hundred (3,900) GBU–53/B Small Di-ameter Bomb Increment II (SDB II), up to thirty (30) GBU–53/B Guided Test Vehicles (GTV), up to sixty (60) GBU–53/B Captive Carry Reliability Trainers (CCRT). Also in-cluded in this sale are Weapon Load Crew Trainers (WLCT), Practical Explosive Ordi-nance Disposal Trainers (PEST), containers, support and ground crew test equipment, site survey, transportation, warranties, repair and return, maintenance, publications and technical documentation, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor representative engineering, logistics, and technical support services, and other related elements of logistics and pro-gram support. The estimated total case value is $815 million. This sale will support the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the security of a major non-NATO ally that continues to be an important force for political stability and economic progress in the Western Pacific. It is vital to the U.S. national interest to assist our ally in developing and maintaining a strong and ready self-defense capability. The proposed sale of SDB II supports and complements the ongoing sale of the F–35A to the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). This capability will strengthen combined op-erations, particularly air to ground strike missions in all-weather conditions, and in-crease interoperability between the United States and the RAAF. Australia will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale will improve Australia’s F–35 survivability and will enhance its capa-bility to deter global threats, strengthen its homeland defense and cooperate in coalition defense initiatives. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor will be Raytheon Missile Systems, Tucson, AZ. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connec-tion with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government personnel or contractor representatives to Australia. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–44 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The GBU–53/B Small Diameter Bomb In-crement H (SDB II) is a 250-lb class preci-sion-guided air-to-ground munition used to defeat moving or mobile targets through ad-verse weather from standoff range. SDB II has deployable wings and fins and uses Iner-tial Navigation System/Global Positioning System (INS/GPS) guidance, network-en-abled datalink, (Link–16 and UHF) and a multi-mode seeker to autonomously search, acquire, track, and defeat targets from a standoff range. SDB II employs a multi-ef-fects warhead for maximum lethality against armored and soft targets. Sensitive areas include operating manuals and mainte-nance technical orders containing perform-ance information, operating and test proce-dures, and other information related to sup-port operations and repair. The GBU–53/B SDB II hardware, including guidance, multi- mode seeker, and datalink, is UNCLASSI-FIED. The software is UNCLASSIFIED. a. SDB II Guided Test Vehicles (GTV) are telemetry test vehicles used for land or sea range based testing of the SDB II weapons system. The GTV have common flight char-acteristics of an SDB H but with an inert warhead. In place of the multi-effects war-head is a Flight Termination, Tracking, and Telemetry (FTTT) subassembly that mirrors the multi-effects warhead’s size and mass properties, but provides safety flight termi-nation, free flight tracking and telemetry, and transmission of encrypted data from the vehicle to the ground. The SDB II GTV can have either inert or live fuses. All other flight control, guidance, data-link, and seek-er functions are representative of the SDB II. The hardware, including guidance, multi- mode seeker, and datalink, is UNCLASSI-FIED. The software is UNCLASSIFIED. b. SDB II Captive Carry Reliability Test (CCRT) vehicles are SDB II variants pri-marily used for captive flight reliability testing. The CCRT has common characteris-tics of an SDB II but with an inert warhead and fuze. The CCRT does not have an FTTT subassembly in place of the warhead; it in-stead uses ballast to mimic the warhead’s mass properties. The CCRT is a flight capa-ble representative of the SDB II and, al-though not its primary objective, could be dropped as a test round on ranges not requir-ing telemetry, digital tracking, or a Flight Termination System (FTS). All other flight control, guidance, data-link, and seeker functions are representative of the SDB II. The hardware, including guidance, multi- mode seeker, and datalink, is UNCLASSI-FIED. The software is UNCLASSIFED. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary obtains knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the information could be used to develop countermeasures or equivalent systems that might reduce weap-on system effectiveness or be used in the de-velopment of a system with similar or ad-vanced capabilities. 3. A determination has been made that the Commonwealth of Australia can provide sub-stantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Commonwealth of Aus-tralia. f 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to voice my support for the victims of the horrific mass shoot-ing in Las Vegas. This mass shooting was the worst in our Nation’s history. There are more than 50 dead and more than 500 wound-ed. It should shock every American that one individual, with easy access to weapons and ammunition, can inflict such devastation. Sadly, it was only a little more than a year ago that we also experienced what had then been the worst mass shooting in our Nation’s history. That was when 49 people who were enjoying an evening of dancing with friends and loved ones were massacred in Orlando. Just 6 months before that, 14 people were killed and more than 20 injured in San Bernardino. Two years ago, on October 1, 2015, an assistant professor and eight students were murdered at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg, OR. In 2013, 12 people were fatally shot at the Navy Yard, less than 2 miles from where I stand today. On December 14, 2012, 20 children had their lives taken at Sandy Hook Ele-mentary School. These massacres have not and will not stop unless we do something. I be-lieve we must acknowledge that these shootings are possible because of our Nation’s weak gun laws. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC6.025 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6258 October 2, 2017 
Our laws permit criminal and domes-tic abusers to easily obtain weapons at gunshows and on the internet without a basic background check. We know background checks work. States that require background checks on private handgun sales see fewer women killed by their partners and fewer law enforcement officers killed with handguns. It is time we expand background checks to cover sales at gunshows and on the Internet. We are still learning about what hap-pened in Las Vegas, but we do know that the shooter had more than 10 ri-fles in his hotel room and that he may have used an assault weapon. Today in the United States, military- style assault weapons may be sold le-gally to civilians. Assault weapons are not needed for either hunting or self- defense. They are weapons of war designed to kill large numbers of people in close quarters. This is not sustainable—and the pub-lic agrees. Just last year, a poll showed that 57 percent of Americans favor a ban on assault weapons. In fact, from 1994 and 2004, we had laws that prohibited anyone from get-ting an assault weapon. I believed then and I believe now that those laws made all of us safer. Unfortunately, right when the posi-tive effects of those laws were taking effect, they were allowed to expire. Now, time and again, we have felt the costs of our inaction. It is time that we finally take steps to ensure that other communities do not experience the pain that Sandy Hook, Washington, San Bernardino, Roseburg, Orlando, and now Las Vegas have gone through. I hope my colleagues will join me in remembering the victims of this attack and will support legislation to prevent any of us from once again having to rise to remember what will be another worst mass shooting in our Nation’s history. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
60TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CONNECTICUT STATE AFL–CIO ∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Con-necticut State Labor Council AFL–CIO as they celebrate 60 years of extraor-dinary and exemplary advocacy on be-half of Connecticut workers and their families. Since its formation in 1957 with the merging of the Connecticut Federation of Labor and the Connecticut State In-dustrial Union Council, the Con-necticut State AFL–CIO has dem-onstrated an impressive dedication to the wellbeing of workers across the State. The organization seeks fair and equal treatment for workers through collective bargaining on their behalf and promoting legislation to create good jobs and provide people with the skills needed for them. Simply, they strengthen the middle class, allowing tens of thousands of people to own a home, raise their fami-lies, and retire with financial security. Uniting workers and their families toward these common goals, the Con-necticut AFL–CIO has fought continu-ously and ceaselessly for better wages, benefits, and conditions for the work-ing families of the State. Throughout its six decades, the Connecticut AFL– CIO has facilitated union member ac-cess to insurance plans, credit cards, and beneficial mortgage programs. Always looking for ways to raise the standard of living for our middle-class workers, the Connecticut AFL–CIO was one of the early leaders in the fight to achieve affordable and accessible qual-ity healthcare, pay equity, and paren-tal and medical leave for all employ-ees. The Connecticut AFL–CIO also helps those who have lost their jobs, supporting fair unemployment com-pensation laws and education and job training programs. Since its formation, the Connecticut AFL–CIO continuously puts the needs of workers and their families first. I applaud their numerous achievements and hope my colleagues will join me in congratulating the Connecticut State AFL–CIO on 60 years of service and commitment to Connecticut employ-ees.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO BRIGADIER GENERAL BOBBI DOORENBOS ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and congratulate an exceptional airman, Brig. Gen. Bobbi Doorenbos, on her selection for pro-motion to the rank of brigadier general in the Air National Guard. This pro-motion means she will leave behind her role as commander of the Arkansas Air National Guard’s 188th Wing in Fort Smith, AR, to assume her new respon-sibilities in Washington, DC, as part of the leadership team within the Penta-gon’s Total Force Continuum Office. Brigadier General Doorenbos clearly epitomizes the finest qualities of a military leader as evidenced by her dis-tinguished career. After graduating from Iowa State University, she en-tered the U.S. Air Force in 1995 and ini-tially served as an F–16 pilot in the Iowa Air National Guard’s 185th Fight-er Wing. She continued her honorable service by holding various positions in the Maryland, Washington, DC, and Virginia areas, including Air National Guard Crisis Action Team member; White House Fellow; executive officer/ speechwriter for the Air National Guard Director; chief of Airborne Intel-ligence, Surveillance, and Reconnais-sance; special adviser to Vice President Joe Biden for Defense Policy and Intel-ligence Programs; and chief of program requirements and integration at the National Guard Bureau. She has flown combat missions in support of Oper-ations Noble Eagle, Southern Watch, and Iraqi Freedom. Brigadier General Doorenbos is also a senior pilot with more than 1,200 flight hours in the F– 16C Fighting Falcon and MQ–1B Pred-ator. She is truly a trailblazer. As the first female to command the 188th Wing at Ebbing Air National Guard Base in Ar-kansas, she simultaneously held the title of air commander with responsi-bility for over 1,000 Federal techni-cians, Active Guard, and Reserve mem-bers in the execution of three distinct mission sets: remotely piloted aircraft; intelligence, surveillance, and recon-naissance operations; and targeting. Her wing in comprised of the most dedicated, loyal, and highly trained airmen that the National Guard has to offer. As a team, they have taken im-mense pride in fulfilling their roles and obligations to the State of Arkansas and to the Nation. As a testament of Brigadier General Doorenbos’s superior leadership, the 188th Wing was awarded the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award for its incredible accomplishments dur-ing her tenure as wing commander. Brigadier General Doorenbos has dis-played an extraordinary amount of dedication and passion throughout her life and career. As a mother of three daughters, it is my pleasure to watch Brigadier General Doorenbos excel in her career and show young women that they are capable of achieving anything. She will continue to be a major asset to the U.S. Air Force in her new role at the Pentagon. I want to extend my sincere con-gratulations to her on this well-de-served promotion. I am very proud of her many accomplishments and wish her all the best in her future service to our country.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEVE FARNHAM ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the service of an extraor-dinary individual in northern Maine. Mr. Stephen M. Farnham, of Mapleton, has been a driving force behind the Aroostook Area Agency on Aging. Steve began with the Aroostook agen-cy in its infancy in the mid-1970s and is stepping down after having led the agency for the last 40 years. Steve attended the University of Maine in Presque Isle, where he earned his bachelor of arts and went on to earn his master of public administra-tion degree from the University of Maine in Orono. He also received a number of certificates and attended specialized courses that helped him continuously improve services and col-laboration at the agency. While serving as an adjunct professor, he taught courses at public and private institu-tions in Maine, as well as health and safety courses with the American Red Cross. He also held many different posi-tions with the Katahdin Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America, for which he has been recognized with mul-tiple awards. As chief executive officer of the not- for-profit corporation Aroostook Area 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:51 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC6.023 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6259 October 2, 2017 
Agency on Aging, Steve oversaw its ex-pansion to 140 employees, an annual budget of $3.4 million, and the responsi-bility for a congregate housing project which the agency developed, owned, and managed. His professional appoint-ments and boards on which he served insured that the State of Maine, as well as the Nation, were able to cap-italize on his expertise on aging related policies. These ranged from being a del-egate to the White House Conference on Aging three times, serving with the Federal Council on Aging, and helping incorporate, lead, and direct the Aroos-took Regional Transportation System. In addition to the entities already mentioned, Steve also served his home-town on the budget committee and has received a number of meritorious awards, including the Presque Isle Area Chamber of Commerce Citizen of the Year Award, the Maine State Bar Asso-ciation John Ballou Distinguished Service Award, and was named a Ro-tary International Paul Harris Fellow. Despite all the very public recognition for a job well done at work and beyond, the most telling recognition is the strength of the programs and the high praise by clients and collaborators. Steve is universally respected, well- loved, and will be greatly missed, but the solid structure that he put in place and strengthened over the years will stand. I thank Steve both for his work at the helm of the Area Agency on Aging and his work serving commu-nities across Aroostook County. ∑ 
f 
35TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ALASKA QUARTERLY REVIEW ∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize one of our Nation’s finest literary journals, the Alaska Quarterly Review, now marking its 35th year of literary excellence. Alaska Quarterly Review was first published in 1982 at the University of Alaska Anchorage and has evolved to be a joint publication of the university and the Center for Narrative and Lyric Arts. From the beginning, it was de-signed to highlight the work of strong literary voices from Alaska and be-yond. Publishing fiction, short plays, poetry, photo essays, and literary non-fiction, the journal has an especially strong commitment to promote new and emerging writers. The founding editor and editor-in- chief of Alaska Quarterly Review, Ron-ald Spatz, envisioned the journal as a way to break through stereotypes and present Alaska to the greater literary community. That goal was far sur-passed, as Alaska Quarterly Review has won accolades from some of the most prestigious reviewers and publications in the country. Pulitzer Prize-winning critic Michael Dirda wrote in The New York Review of Books that the Alaska Quarterly Review ‘‘remains one of our best, and most imaginative, literary magazines.’’ The New York Times Book Review labeled it ‘‘fresh treas-ure.’’ Alaska Quarterly Review has also been featured and supported by the Na-tional Endowment for the Arts, the Alaska Humanities Forum, Alaska State Council on the Arts, and the Ras-mussen Foundation, and honored by Alaska Center for the Book and others. A number of works originally published in the journal have been subsequently selected for inclusion in The Best American Essays, The Best American Poetry, The Best American Mystery Stories, The Best Creative Nonfiction, The Best American Short Stories, The Best American Nonrequired Reading, Prize Stories: The O. Henry Awards, The Beacon Best, and The Pushcart Prize: The Best of the Small Presses. In addition to its literary influence on the national level, Alaska Quarterly Review brings a strong focus to the de-velopment and importance of Alaska Native and indigenous literatures. Alaska Native language survival and resilience are portrayed as a national and global concern. Mr. Spatz writes that Alaska Quar-terly Review ‘‘has been and is of Alas-ka but not Alaskan. We have a global perspective, and, although we have published primarily American authors, our writers hail from a wide range of nations.’’ The journal’s 35th anniver-sary observance in October reaches across the Pacific Ocean by featuring ‘‘In the Footprint of the Crocodile Man: Memories, Myths and Contem-porary Art of the Sepik River, Papua New Guinea,’’ a reflection of the com-monalities of human experience. At the same event, the universal elements of birth and language are celebrated in a beautiful film, ‘‘Shaawatke’es Birth,’’ performed in English and Tlingit, one of Alaska’s precious indigenous lan-guages. The impact of Alaska Quarterly Re-view extends far from its origins in my home State and is worthy of celebra-tion by this body and all Americans who recognize the power of the literary arts to shape our thoughts, our ideals, and our country. I commend Alaska Quarterly Review and its editor, Ron-ald Spatz, its contributors, and its sup-porters for 35 years of excellence. I hope for many more to come. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING ALTO ‘‘BUD’’ ADAMS, JR. ∑Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I would like to recognize the legacy of an ex-traordinary Floridian and friend who passed away this past weekend. Alto ‘‘Bud’’ Adams, Jr., owner of Adams Ranch, died this weekend at age 91. Born in Fort Pierce, FL, in 1926, Bud was known in Florida and around the Nation for developing the Braford breed, a new breed of heavy-yielding cattle, crossed between the Herefords and the Brahmans, that was better able to handle the heat of south Florida. For 75 years, Bud Adams tended the family-owned Adams Ranch, which has grown to 50,000 acres of land across St. Lucie, Madison, Okeechobee, and Osce-ola Counties. The family’s land is home to one of the largest cow-calf ranches in the country. This land was also one of the first sets of conservation easements to be added to the Everglades. Today thousands of acres of Adams Ranch land have been placed into permanent land trust, including part of the Ever-glades Headwaters National Wildlife Refuge and Conservation Areas. Adams Ranch was first purchased in 1937 for $1.50 an acre by Bud’s father, Florida Supreme Court Judge Alto Adams, Sr. Since then, Adams Ranch has re-ceived multiple environmental awards from Audubon Florida, the Farmers Conservation Alliance, and the Na-tional Cattlemen’s Beef Association for the owners’ leadership in land, water, and wildlife management. Bud was also honored with the Pete Hegener Leadership Award by the Eco-nomic Development Council of St. Lucie County, an honor presented every year to a dedicated business lead-er who makes a significant contribu-tion to St. Lucie County’s economy and quality of life. Bud Adams was not just a cattleman and businessman; he was a devoted en-vironmental conservationist and a phi-lanthropist. Bud founded the United Way of St. Lucie County and supported causes like the A.E. Backus Museum & Gallery and Heathcote Botanical Gar-dens. He also sat on the board of the Indian River State College Foundation. In Bud’s own words, ‘‘It is not enough for us to just do a good job breeding and caring for cattle. We must have a more holistic approach that keeps man, cattle, wildlife, and the land in a relationship that is profitable, produc-tive and can be continued indefi-nitely.’’ Bud showed us what it truly meant to be an environmental steward and a cowboy. He always took pride in his management of land, water, and wild-life, and Florida is better because of it. I extend my deepest condolences to his family, particularly his wife, Doro-thy. He is also survived by his sister Elaine Harrison; his children Alto Lee Adams, III, and his wife, Cindy, Mi-chael L. Adams and his wife, Rachael, and Robert Adams and his wife, Cindee; his grandchildren; and great-grand-children.∑ 
f 
37TH ANNIVERSARY OF ‘‘I LOVE LIFE’’ RADIO SHOW ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize one of radio broadcasting’s longest running shows, ‘‘I Love Life.’’ Created by South Dakota native, Jerry Dahmen, the show has hosted several of country music’s biggest stars and been featured on a number of local and national television programs. Since the program began airing on KXRB Radio in Sioux Falls, the show has featured more than 1,600 guests who have shared inspirational stories of what it takes to turn adversity into victory. ‘‘I Love Life’’ has also given 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC6.024 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6260 October 2, 2017 
back to the community by providing donations from book and CD sales. I offer my congratulations to Jerry Dahmen and wish the show continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on September 29, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ARRIS ) had signed the following en-rolled bills: 
H.R. 2519. An act to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion. H.R. 3823. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, to provide disaster tax relief, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bills were signed on September 29, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. M
CCONNELL ). 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 1894. A bill to exempt Puerto Rico from the coastwise laws of the United States (commonly known as the ‘‘Jones Act’’). f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on September 28, 2017, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1141. An act to ensure that the United States promotes the meaningful participa-tion of women in mediation and negotiation processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or re-solve violent conflict. 
The Secretary of the Senate reported that on September 29, 2017, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: S. 327. An act to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe har-bor related to certain investment fund re-search reports, and for other purposes. S. 1866. An act to provide the Secretary of Education with waiver authority for the re-allocation rules and authority to extend the deadline by which funds have to be reallo-cated in the campus-based aid programs under the Higher Education Act of 1965 due to Hurricane Harvey, Hurricane Irma, and Hurricane Maria, to provide equitable serv-ices to children and teachers in private schools, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. ROBERTS for the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. *Stephen Censky, of Missouri, to be Dep-uty Secretary of Agriculture . *Ted McKinney, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Trade and For-eign Agricultural Affairs. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ): S. 1901. A bill to require global economic and political pressure to support diplomatic denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, including through the imposition of sanc-tions with respect to the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and any enablers of the activities of that Govern-ment, and to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. L EE, and Mr. P ERDUE ): S. 1902. A bill to specify the state of mind required for conviction for criminal offenses that lack an expressly identified state of mind, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: S. 1903. A bill to assist communities af-fected by stranded nuclear waste, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Ms. CANTWELL: S. 1904. A bill to promote the use of smart technologies and systems in communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 1905. A bill to increase the number of States that may conduct Medicaid dem-onstration programs to improve access to community mental health services; to the Committee on Finance. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Mr. K ENNEDY ): S. Res. 278. A resolution expressing condo-lences to the victims of Hurricane Harvey, Hurricane Irma, and Hurricane Maria, com-mending the resiliency of the people of Texas, Louisiana, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands, and ex-pressing gratitude to other neighboring States willing to stand by the people of the affected areas during the relief and recovery efforts; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 538 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 538, a bill to clarify re-search and development for wood prod-ucts, and for other purposes. 
S. 548 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 548, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form the low-income housing credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 794 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 794, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to im-prove the process whereby Medicare ad-ministrative contractors issue local coverage determinations under the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 928, a bill to prohibit, as an unfair or deceptive act or practice, commercial sexual orientation conver-sion therapy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedi-cated service during World War II. 
S. 1064 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1064, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to prohibit the stigmatiza-tion of children who are unable to pay for meals. 
S. 1157 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Minnesota 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC6.030 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6261 October 2, 2017 
(Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1157, a bill to establish the Vulnerability Equities Review Board, and for other purposes. 
S. 1162 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1162, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for the refinancing of certain Federal student loans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1301 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1301, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of addi-tional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1522 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 1522, a bill to establish an Every Kid Outdoors program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1718 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1718, a bill to authorize the minting of a coin in honor of the 75th anniversary of the end of World War II, and for other purposes. 
S. 1738 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1738, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a home infusion therapy services temporary transitional pay-ment under the Medicare program. 
S. 1754 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1754, a bill to reauthorize section 340H of the Public Health Service Act to continue to encourage the expan-sion, maintenance, and establishment of approved graduate medical residency programs at qualified teaching health centers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1766 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1766, a bill to reauthor-ize the SAFER Act of 2013, and for other purposes. 
S. 1768 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1768, a bill to reauthorize and amend the National Earthquake Haz-ards Reduction Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1783 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. FRANKEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1783, a bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to require each State to implement a process under which individuals who are 16 years of age may apply to reg-ister to vote in elections for Federal of-fice in the State, to direct the Election Assistance Commission to make grants to States to increase the involvement of minors in public election activities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1803 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1803, a bill to improve medical research on marijuana. 
S. 1808 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1808, a bill to extend temporarily the Federal Perkins Loan program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1816 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1816, a bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to en-hance fraud alert procedures and pro-vide free access to credit freezes, and for other purposes. 
S. 1827 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1827, a bill to extend funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 1829 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1829, a bill to amend title V of the Social Security Act to extend the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Pro-gram. 
S. 1838 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1838, a bill to repeal the au-thority under the National Labor Rela-tions Act for States to enact laws pro-hibiting agreements requiring member-ship in a labor organization as a condi-tion of employment, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1868 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1868, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide tax credits for energy storage technologies, and for other purposes. 
S. 1895 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. HIRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1895, a bill to reauthorize the Native American Housing Assistance and Self- Determination Act of 1996, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 19 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Con. Res. 19, a concurrent resolution commemorating the 50th an-niversary of the Smithsonian Folklife Festival. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 278—EX-PRESSING CONDOLENCES TO THE VICTIMS OF HURRICANE HAR-VEY, HURRICANE IRMA, AND HURRICANE MARIA, COM-MENDING THE RESILIENCY OF THE PEOPLE OF TEXAS, LOU-ISIANA, FLORIDA, PUERTO RICO, AND THE UNITED STATES VIR-GIN ISLANDS, AND EXPRESSING GRATITUDE TO OTHER NEIGH-BORING STATES WILLING TO STAND BY THE PEOPLE OF THE AFFECTED AREAS DURING THE RELIEF AND RECOVERY EF-FORTS Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. C ASSIDY , and Mr. K
ENNEDY ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs: 
S. R ES. 278 Whereas, in August and September of 2017, Hurricanes Harvey and Irma reached the shores of the United States and wreaked havoc on the States of Texas, Louisiana, and Florida; Whereas, in September of 2017, Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands; Whereas, as a result of these hurricanes, a major Federal disaster was declared for Texas on August 25, 2017, for the United States Virgin Islands on September 7, 2017, and for Florida and Puerto Rico on Sep-tember 10, 2017; Whereas a Federal emergency was declared for Louisiana on August 28, 2017; Whereas, as of September 2017, Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria have been respon-sible for the deaths of more than 150 individ-uals; Whereas, as a result of Hurricane Harvey— (1) many communities in Texas and Lou-isiana were flooded and without electrical power for extended periods of time and an entire city in Texas, with a population of 118,000, lost access to drinking water; (2) some weather gauges in the State of Texas measured more than 50 inches of rain-fall between the evening of Thursday, Au-gust 24, 2017, and the afternoon of Tuesday, August 29, 2017; (3) more than 4,500,000,000,000 liters of water fell in Harris County in Texas in only 100 hours; (4) in the State of Texas alone, more than 130,000 residences were destroyed; and (5) more than 1,000,000 vehicles in Texas were destroyed; Whereas, as a result of Hurricane Irma— (1) nearly 13,000,000 people in Florida were left without electrical power; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC6.013 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6262 October 2, 2017 
(2) an estimated 90 percent of the homes in the Florida Keys were damaged or destroyed; (3) Florida’s $8,600,000,000 citrus industry faces crop losses of 70 percent, with some growers experiencing losses of 90 percent or more; (4) the maritime culture of Florida has been severely impacted, including— (A) the disruption of commercial fishing, trapping, and aquaculture; (B) the loss of recreational fishing opportu-nities for residents and tourists; (C) widespread debris limiting safe naviga-tion in waterways and channels; and (D) reports of more than 850 displaced or sunken vessels; and (5) property insurance claims in Florida have exceeded $3,600,000,000 and are still ris-ing; Whereas the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency has estimated that flood dam-age claims as a result of these 3 hurricanes could total several billion dollars; Whereas refinery closures along the Gulf Coast after Hurricane Harvey resulted in a temporary loss of 20 percent of the capacity of the United States to refine crude oil into gasoline, diesel, and other fuels; Whereas, as a result of Hurricane Maria— (1) some parts of Puerto Rico may be with-out electrical power for 6 months; (2) more than 1,500,000 individuals were left without access to clean drinking water; (3) critical infrastructure was damaged, hindering recovery efforts; (4) thousands of residents of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands face an extreme housing crisis; and (5) approximately 80 percent of the agricul-tural crop value in Puerto Rico was de-stroyed, with an estimated $780,000,000 loss in agricultural yields; Whereas the devastation of these 3 hurri-canes, which caused a disruption in the dis-tribution of gasoline, has been felt on a glob-al scale; and Whereas, after these 3 hurricanes— (1) numerous localities in all of the af-fected areas were forced to close schools due to power outages and dangerous road condi-tions; (2) flights were cancelled in Texas, Lou-isiana, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands; (3) doctors, nurses, and other medical per-sonnel worked expeditiously to provide care and ensure that patients were safe under ex-treme circumstances; (4) hospitals, medical centers, and triage units provided needed care; (5) volunteer organizations and charities supplied hurricane victims with food, water, and shelter; (6) immediate humanitarian aid and long- term rebuilding assistance is needed in the many devastated regions; and (7) thousands of volunteers and Federal, State, and local government employees from across the United States committed time and resources to help with recovery efforts: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses condolences to the victims of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria; (2) commends the resiliency and courage of the people of Texas, Louisiana, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands; (3) applauds the work and commitment of emergency responders and law enforcement officers on the ground in the aftermath of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria; and (4) commits to provide the necessary re-sources to stand by the people of Texas, Lou-isiana, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands as they rebuild their communities. AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1109. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C ORNYN ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1616, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, and for other purposes. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1109. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C
ORNYN ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1616, to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to authorize the National Computer Forensics Insti-tute, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-ening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF THE NATIONAL COM-PUTER FORENSICS INSTITUTE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 381 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 822. NATIONAL COMPUTER FORENSICS IN-STITUTE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized for fiscal years 2017 through 2022 within the United States Secret Service a National Computer Forensics Institute (in this section referred to as the ‘Institute’). The Institute shall disseminate information related to the investigation and prevention of cyber and electronic crime and related threats, and educate, train, and equip State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The functions of the In-stitute shall include the following: ‘‘(1) Educating State, local, tribal, and ter-ritorial law enforcement officers, prosecu-tors, and judges on current— ‘‘(A) cyber and electronic crimes and re-lated threats; ‘‘(B) methods for investigating cyber and electronic crime and related threats and con-ducting computer and mobile device forensic examinations; and ‘‘(C) prosecutorial and judicial challenges related to cyber and electronic crime and re-lated threats, and computer and mobile de-vice forensic examinations. ‘‘(2) Training State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers to— ‘‘(A) conduct cyber and electronic crime and related threat investigations; ‘‘(B) conduct computer and mobile device forensic examinations; and ‘‘(C) respond to network intrusion inci-dents. ‘‘(3) Training State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges on methods to obtain, process, store, and admit digital evidence in court. ‘‘(c) P
RINCIPLES .—In carrying out the func-tions specified in subsection (b), the Insti-tute shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that timely, actionable, and relevant exper-tise and information related to cyber and electronic crime and related threats is shared with State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers and prosecu-tors. ‘‘(d) E
QUIPMENT .—The Institute may pro-vide State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers with computer equip-ment, hardware, software, manuals, and tools necessary to conduct cyber and elec-tronic crime and related threat investiga-tions and computer and mobile device foren-sic examinations. ‘‘(e) ELECTRONIC CRIME TASKFORCES .—The Institute shall facilitate the expansion of the network of Electronic Crime Task Forces of the United States Secret Service through the addition of State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers educated and trained at the Institute. ‘‘(f) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—All authorized ac-tivities and functions carried out by the In-stitute at any location as of the day before the date of the enactment of this section are authorized to continue to be carried out at any such location on and after such date.’’. (b) F
UNDING .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, amounts appropriated for United States Secret Service, Operations and Support, may be used to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 821 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 822. National Computer Forensics In-stitute.’’. 
SEC. 3. PREVENTION, INVESTIGATION, AND PROS-ECUTION OF ECONOMIC, HIGH TECHNOLOGY, INTERNET, AND OTHER WHITE COLLAR CRIME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART MM—PREVENTION, INVESTIGA-TION, AND PROSECUTION OF WHITE COLLAR CRIME 
‘‘SEC. 3030. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘National White Collar Crime Control Act of 2017’. 
‘‘SEC. 3031. ESTABLISHMENT OF GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance is authorized to enter into a cooperative agreement with or make a grant to an eligible entity for the purpose of improving the identification, in-vestigation, and prosecution of white collar crime (including each category of such crimes set forth in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b)) by providing comprehen-sive, direct, and practical training and tech-nical assistance to law enforcement officers, investigators, auditors and prosecutors in States and units of local government. ‘‘(b) W
HITE COLLAR CRIME DEFINED .—For purposes of this part, the term ‘white collar crime’ includes— ‘‘(1) high-tech crime, including cyber and electronic crime and related threats; ‘‘(2) economic crime, including financial fraud and mortgage fraud; and ‘‘(3) Internet-based crime against children and child pornography. 
‘‘SEC. 3032. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) To ensure that training is available for State, local, tribal and territorial law en-forcement agencies and officers nationwide to support local efforts to identify, prevent, investigate, and prosecute cyber and finan-cial crimes, including those crimes facili-tated via computer networks and other elec-tronic means, and crimes involving financial and economic impacts such as intellectual property crimes. ‘‘(2) To deliver training to State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement offi-cers, and other criminal justice professionals concerning the use of proven methodologies to prevent, detect, and respond to such crimes, recognize emerging issues, manage electronic and financial crime evidence and to improve local criminal justice agency re-sponses to such threats. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC6.015 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6263 October 2, 2017 
‘‘(3) To provide operational and technical assistance and training concerning tools, products, resources, guidelines, and proce-dures to aid and enhance criminal intel-ligence analysis, conduct cyber crime and fi-nancial crime investigations, and related justice information sharing at the local and State levels. ‘‘(4) To provide appropriate training on protections for privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties in the conduct of criminal intel-ligence analysis and cyber and electronic crime and financial crime investigations, in-cluding in the development of policies, guidelines, and procedures by State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement agen-cies to protect and enhance privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties protections and identify weaknesses and gaps in the protec-tion of privacy, civil rights, and civil lib-erties. 
‘‘SEC. 3033. AUTHORIZED PROGRAMS. 
‘‘A grant or cooperative agreement award-ed under this part may be made only for the following programs, with respect to the pre-vention, investigation, and prosecution of certain criminal activities: ‘‘(1) Programs to provide a nationwide sup-port system for State and local criminal jus-tice agencies. ‘‘(2) Programs to assist State and local criminal justice agencies to develop, estab-lish, and maintain intelligence-focused polic-ing strategies and related information shar-ing. ‘‘(3) Programs to provide training and in-vestigative support services to State and local criminal justice agencies to provide such agencies with skills and resources need-ed to investigate and prosecute such crimi-nal activities and related criminal activities. ‘‘(4) Programs to provide research support, to establish partnerships, and to provide other resources to aid State and local crimi-nal justice agencies to prevent, investigate, and prosecute such criminal activities and related problems. ‘‘(5) Programs to provide information and research to the general public to facilitate the prevention of such criminal activities. ‘‘(6) Programs to establish or support na-tional training and research centers region-ally to provide training and research services for State and local criminal justice agencies. ‘‘(7) Programs to provide training and oversight to State and local criminal justice agencies to develop and comply with applica-ble privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties related policies, procedures, rules, laws, and guidelines. ‘‘(8) Any other programs specified by the Attorney General as furthering the purposes of this part. 
‘‘SEC. 3034. APPLICATION. 
‘‘To be eligible for an award of a grant or cooperative agreement under this part, an entity shall submit to the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance an application in such form and manner, and containing such information, as required by the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Justice Assistance. 
‘‘SEC. 3035. ELIGIBILITY. 
‘‘States, units of local government, not- for-profit entities, and institutions of higher- education with demonstrated capacity and experience in delivering training, technical assistance and other resources including di-rect, practical laboratory training to law en-forcement officers, investigators, auditors and prosecutors in States and units of local government and over the Internet shall be eligible to receive an award under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 3036. RULES AND REGULATIONS. 
‘‘The Director of the Bureau of Justice As-sistance shall promulgate such rules and reg-ulations as are necessary to carry out this part, including rules and regulations for sub-mitting and reviewing applications under section 3035.’’. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated $13,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out — (1) part MM of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by subsection (a); and (2) section 401(b) of the Prioritizing Re-sources and Organization for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 (34 U.S.C. 30103(b)). f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have 1 request for a committee to meet during today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Majority and Mi-nority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Monday, October 2, 2017 at 5:45 p.m., in S–216, Capitol (President’s Room), in order to conduct a business meeting to report the following nominations: Ste-phen Censky, of Missouri, to be Deputy Secretary of Agriculture and Ted McKinney, of Indiana, to be Under Sec-retary of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 1894 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand that there is a bill at the desk due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1894) to exempt Puerto Rico from the coastwise laws of the United States (commonly known as the ‘‘Jones Act’’). 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
MAKING TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO CERTAIN MARINE FISH CON-SERVATION STATUTES Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of calendar No. 224, S. 396. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 396) to make technical amend-ments to certain marine fish conservation statutes, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate on the bill? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 396) was passed, as fol-lows: 
S. 396 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. BILLFISH CONSERVATION ACT OF 2012. 
Section 4(c)(1) of the Billfish Conservation Act of 2012 (16 U.S.C. 1827a(c)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and retained’’ after ‘‘landed’’. 
SEC. 2. SHARK CONSERVATION ACT OF 2010. 
The Act entitled ‘‘An Act to amend the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Pro-tection Act and the Magnuson-Stevens Fish-ery Conservation and Management Act to improve the conservation of sharks’’, ap-proved January 4, 2011 (Public Law 111–348; 124 Stat. 3668), is amended— (1) by striking section 104 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 104. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘Nothing in this title or the amendments made by this title shall be construed as af-fecting, altering, or diminishing in any way the authority of the Secretary of Commerce to establish such conservation and manage-ment measures as the Secretary considers necessary and appropriate under sections 302(a)(3) and 304(g) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852(a)(3), 1854(g)).’’; and (2) in section 1, by striking the item relat-ing to section 104 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 104. Rule of construction.’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
STRENGTHENING STATE AND LOCAL CYBER CRIME FIGHTING ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1616 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1616) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Na-tional Computer Forensics Institute, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Cor-nyn amendment at the desk be consid-ered and agreed to, and the bill, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC6.017 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6264 October 2, 2017 
amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 1109) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-ening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF THE NATIONAL COM-PUTER FORENSICS INSTITUTE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 381 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 822. NATIONAL COMPUTER FORENSICS IN-STITUTE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized for fiscal years 2017 through 2022 within the United States Secret Service a National Computer Forensics Institute (in this section referred to as the ‘Institute’). The Institute shall disseminate information related to the investigation and prevention of cyber and electronic crime and related threats, and educate, train, and equip State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The functions of the In-stitute shall include the following: ‘‘(1) Educating State, local, tribal, and ter-ritorial law enforcement officers, prosecu-tors, and judges on current— ‘‘(A) cyber and electronic crimes and re-lated threats; ‘‘(B) methods for investigating cyber and electronic crime and related threats and con-ducting computer and mobile device forensic examinations; and ‘‘(C) prosecutorial and judicial challenges related to cyber and electronic crime and re-lated threats, and computer and mobile de-vice forensic examinations. ‘‘(2) Training State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers to— ‘‘(A) conduct cyber and electronic crime and related threat investigations; ‘‘(B) conduct computer and mobile device forensic examinations; and ‘‘(C) respond to network intrusion inci-dents. ‘‘(3) Training State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges on methods to obtain, process, store, and admit digital evidence in court. ‘‘(c) P
RINCIPLES .—In carrying out the func-tions specified in subsection (b), the Insti-tute shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that timely, actionable, and relevant exper-tise and information related to cyber and electronic crime and related threats is shared with State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers and prosecu-tors. ‘‘(d) E
QUIPMENT .—The Institute may pro-vide State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers with computer equip-ment, hardware, software, manuals, and tools necessary to conduct cyber and elec-tronic crime and related threat investiga-tions and computer and mobile device foren-sic examinations. ‘‘(e) E
LECTRONIC CRIME TASKFORCES .—The Institute shall facilitate the expansion of the network of Electronic Crime Task Forces of the United States Secret Service through the addition of State, local, tribal, and terri-torial law enforcement officers educated and trained at the Institute. ‘‘(f) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—All authorized ac-tivities and functions carried out by the In-stitute at any location as of the day before the date of the enactment of this section are authorized to continue to be carried out at any such location on and after such date.’’. (b) FUNDING .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, amounts appropriated for United States Secret Service, Operations and Support, may be used to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 821 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 822. National Computer Forensics In-stitute.’’. 
SEC. 3. PREVENTION, INVESTIGATION, AND PROS-ECUTION OF ECONOMIC, HIGH TECHNOLOGY, INTERNET, AND OTHER WHITE COLLAR CRIME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART MM—PREVENTION, INVESTIGA-TION, AND PROSECUTION OF WHITE COLLAR CRIME 
‘‘SEC. 3030. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘National White Collar Crime Control Act of 2017’. 
‘‘SEC. 3031. ESTABLISHMENT OF GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance is authorized to enter into a cooperative agreement with or make a grant to an eligible entity for the purpose of improving the identification, in-vestigation, and prosecution of white collar crime (including each category of such crimes set forth in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b)) by providing comprehen-sive, direct, and practical training and tech-nical assistance to law enforcement officers, investigators, auditors and prosecutors in States and units of local government. ‘‘(b) W
HITE COLLAR CRIME DEFINED .—For purposes of this part, the term ‘white collar crime’ includes— ‘‘(1) high-tech crime, including cyber and electronic crime and related threats; ‘‘(2) economic crime, including financial fraud and mortgage fraud; and ‘‘(3) Internet-based crime against children and child pornography. 
‘‘SEC. 3032. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) To ensure that training is available for State, local, tribal and territorial law en-forcement agencies and officers nationwide to support local efforts to identify, prevent, investigate, and prosecute cyber and finan-cial crimes, including those crimes facili-tated via computer networks and other elec-tronic means, and crimes involving financial and economic impacts such as intellectual property crimes. ‘‘(2) To deliver training to State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement offi-cers, and other criminal justice professionals concerning the use of proven methodologies to prevent, detect, and respond to such crimes, recognize emerging issues, manage electronic and financial crime evidence and to improve local criminal justice agency re-sponses to such threats. ‘‘(3) To provide operational and technical assistance and training concerning tools, products, resources, guidelines, and proce-dures to aid and enhance criminal intel-ligence analysis, conduct cyber crime and fi-nancial crime investigations, and related justice information sharing at the local and State levels. ‘‘(4) To provide appropriate training on protections for privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties in the conduct of criminal intel-ligence analysis and cyber and electronic crime and financial crime investigations, in-cluding in the development of policies, guidelines, and procedures by State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement agen-cies to protect and enhance privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties protections and identify weaknesses and gaps in the protec-tion of privacy, civil rights, and civil lib-erties. ‘‘SEC. 3033. AUTHORIZED PROGRAMS. 
‘‘A grant or cooperative agreement award-ed under this part may be made only for the following programs, with respect to the pre-vention, investigation, and prosecution of certain criminal activities: ‘‘(1) Programs to provide a nationwide sup-port system for State and local criminal jus-tice agencies. ‘‘(2) Programs to assist State and local criminal justice agencies to develop, estab-lish, and maintain intelligence-focused polic-ing strategies and related information shar-ing. ‘‘(3) Programs to provide training and in-vestigative support services to State and local criminal justice agencies to provide such agencies with skills and resources need-ed to investigate and prosecute such crimi-nal activities and related criminal activities. ‘‘(4) Programs to provide research support, to establish partnerships, and to provide other resources to aid State and local crimi-nal justice agencies to prevent, investigate, and prosecute such criminal activities and related problems. ‘‘(5) Programs to provide information and research to the general public to facilitate the prevention of such criminal activities. ‘‘(6) Programs to establish or support na-tional training and research centers region-ally to provide training and research services for State and local criminal justice agencies. ‘‘(7) Programs to provide training and oversight to State and local criminal justice agencies to develop and comply with applica-ble privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties related policies, procedures, rules, laws, and guidelines. ‘‘(8) Any other programs specified by the Attorney General as furthering the purposes of this part. 
‘‘SEC. 3034. APPLICATION. 
‘‘To be eligible for an award of a grant or cooperative agreement under this part, an entity shall submit to the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance an application in such form and manner, and containing such information, as required by the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Justice Assistance. 
‘‘SEC. 3035. ELIGIBILITY. 
‘‘States, units of local government, not- for-profit entities, and institutions of higher- education with demonstrated capacity and experience in delivering training, technical assistance and other resources including di-rect, practical laboratory training to law en-forcement officers, investigators, auditors and prosecutors in States and units of local government and over the Internet shall be eligible to receive an award under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 3036. RULES AND REGULATIONS. 
‘‘The Director of the Bureau of Justice As-sistance shall promulgate such rules and reg-ulations as are necessary to carry out this part, including rules and regulations for sub-mitting and reviewing applications under section 3035.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated $13,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out — (1) part MM of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by subsection (a); and (2) section 401(b) of the Prioritizing Re-sources and Organization for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 (34 U.S.C. 30103(b)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.041 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6265 October 2, 2017 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (H.R. 1616), as amended, was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, October 3; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Cissna nomination; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senators Gillibrand and Blumenthal. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from New York. 
f 
LAS VEGAS MASS SHOOTING Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to speak about the horrific mass murders last night. My heart is obvi-ously with the victims and their fami-lies, and I thank all of our brave first responders who acted so quickly. These senseless mass shootings must end. We cannot allow this to be the new normal, where tragedy after trag-edy happens, and we do absolutely nothing to address it. It is not good enough to just send thoughts and pray-ers and extend our condolences when people are losing their lives to gun vio-lence every day. We still have to learn the details about what happened, but what we do know is this: This violence, this mass murder, is one of the worst massacres we have ever seen in this country. It is yet another reminder of Congress’ fail-ure to act to protect Americans from gun violence. It is another disturbing and painful example of how Congress is too weak and too cowardly to stand up to the gun industry. The news reports are saying that the gun was shooting in rapid-fire bursts, a military-style weapon specifically de-signed to kill as many people as pos-sible in the shortest amount of time, a weapon of war. We have to pass laws that protect the American people from this kind of hor-rific violence. It should not be legal for a civilian on American soil to own and use a weapon of war like an assault weapon. Our military is highly trained to use such weapons. It should not be easy for any person to buy a sup-pressor—known by many people as a si-lencer—to attach to their guns, which makes it harder for police to do their jobs and catch violent criminals. The people of Nevada voted in No-vember to require background checks on all weapons, but the politicians in that State are refusing to implement the will of the people. The violence in Las Vegas is only the latest tragedy like this. Mass shootings get all the news, but every single day in my home State, gun violence on a much smaller scale is destroying more and more lives. We really need to act. We must take gun violence as seriously as we take the threat of terrorism, wherever it is happening. We will get to the facts and the bot-tom of this. And when we do, let’s honor the lives of those we have lost by doing something about it, doing every-thing we can to make sure this never happens again. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, we have been here before. We have been here in the wake of Virginia Tech, Sandy Hook, Orlando, numerous other mass shootings, and now Las Vegas. We can all agree that our hearts and prayers, mourning and condolences go out to the families of loved ones who have suffered this senseless, horrific vi-olence. We can also agree that many of the details are unknown about the shooter, and a lot of investigation will be done. We can all agree that Las Vegas was struck by evil; call it pure evil. We know what it looks like in Con-necticut because we saw it firsthand in Newtown. We lived through the heart-breaking, unspeakable violence of that day, just a few years ago, when evil vis-ited Newtown and caused the death of 26 beautiful human beings, including 20 children. America came together in support of us in Connecticut, and today we should come together in support of the people of Nevada. My heart and prayers are with them, but thoughts and prayers are not enough. We know the evil that visited Connecticut also brought forth good in other people—in the first responders, the doctors, and countless members of the community and people of America who united. I will never forget that day in New-town when the community came to-gether in St. Rose of Lima Church for an evening of mourning. I said then that the whole world was watching. In-deed, what the world saw was courage and resilience of truly heroic propor-tions—some of the good along with the evil. When I saw those images today in Las Vegas—the sound of that gunfire, the pandemonium, the reports of inju-ries and deaths—it brought back to me that day in Newtown. I was not there for the shooting, as I had gone later in the day, but the memories of that day and of the successive days, weeks, and years had been brought back. My heart broke, but my stomach also churned with anger. I was frustrated and furi-ous. I am now furious because Congress has failed to act. Nothing has changed since Newtown. Congress has been complicit when we have had numerous opportunities and many reasons to make America safer and adopt com-monsense measures that 90 percent of Americans support. So thoughts and prayers are not enough. Hand-wringing and soul-searching is needed, but it is insufficient. What is needed now is ac-tion. I am under no illusions. Nobody needs to tell me where the votes are at this moment. We need to be realistic about what the agenda is in our going forward. We need to be very clear-eyed and realistic, but we also need to rec-ognize that we can win this fight. Be-tween the time that Ronald Reagan had almost been assassinated and the day that the Brady bill had passed, it had been almost 10 years. We need to be in this fight as a marathon, not as a sprint, and that is the determination and resolve that must be brought to this effort. It was 5 years ago when a man wield-ing a semiautomatic rifle murdered 20 children and 6 adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown. The cries of grief echoed around this coun-try, and there was a moment when ac-tion could have been taken. We need to seize this moment. Then, the vote, shamefully, failed to reach 60 for com-monsense measures, like background checks. We needed 60, and we had a ma-jority, and our colleagues in the House of Representatives told us that that measure would have passed there. Since then, every day in this country an average of 92 Americans die due to gun violence, which is 33,000 Americans every year, and 59 is the death toll as of this moment in Las Vegas. Day after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8472 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.042 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6266 October 2, 2017 
day, 92 Americans are killed as a result of gun violence, and 60 of them are sui-cides, but that is no less a death, and it is a preventable death if there are com-monsense measures that will stop this carnage. I would be happy never to speak about this topic, never to complain again about Congress’s complicity, but our hearts break, and our stomachs churn with fury. America’s should as well. After Newtown, Aurora, Blacksburg, Charleston, Chattanooga, Lafayette, San Bernardino, Orlando, and, now, Las Vegas, these cities have become synonymous with mass shoot-ings—unjustly tarnished. What is need-ed is national resolve. For anyone who says that we should only mourn or offer condolences, let me just say, very simply: Let us honor those victims and keep faith with their memories, so that their lives and losses will not be in vain, by taking action that makes America safer. Let us re-double our determination. The bills are ready to go, the agenda is set, and the action is clear. Let us honor their memories through action. If the Presi-dent believes this carnage was pure evil, let him lead—if not today, tomor-row, and if not tomorrow, Wednesday, when he visits Las Vegas. If these ac-tions were pure evil, let us all lead by our example, and let us move forward to stop this carnage in the future. We grieve these losses, but we need to rec-ognize that the measures now before Congress are a travesty and a dishonor to those lives that were lost. One of these proposals is an innoc-uous-sounding Hearing Protection Act—let me repeat: the Hearing Pro-tection Act—which could come to a vote as early as this week in the House of Representatives. This measure would gut regulations on gun silencers. Now, let’s be very clear. Silencers are already widely available to hundreds of sportsmen who pay the fee, register, and wait for a short period. This legis-lation would make it terrifyingly easy to buy a gun silencer. Hunters and rec-reational shooters deserve to have si-lencers but only if they comply with those regulations. This measure would pose an unacceptable risk to public safety and make it more difficult for law enforcement, especially in urban areas, to identify gunshots, locate shooters, and protect civilians. In one interview after another of the victims of last night’s shooting, there was a common refrain: They ran, and they escaped because they heard those gunshots. The only supposed reform measure before the Congress right now that has been given a chance of passage is a proposal to make it easier to buy gun silencers. The only thing that led those individuals to escape—or one of the only things—was, in fact, the sound of gunshots. How many lives would have been taken last night if the shoot-er had had a silencer? Another proposal is the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act, which would es-sentially eliminate the States’ ability to regulate concealed-carry permits in their States, undermining the laws that States like Connecticut have put in place to keep our residents safe. In the wake of Newtown, Charleston, Orlando, and, now, Las Vegas, Members of Congress should come together to protect our lives from these senseless killings. It is not about Republicans or Democrats. It is not about politics. It is not even about policy. It is about public safety, simply. We should not be undermining protection. What a trav-esty and tragedy and what a dishonor to the memories of those victims in Las Vegas to now be on the verge of weakening rather than strengthening our public safety laws. Let’s join hands across the aisle and across both Houses to stand up to the gun lobby, the NRA, and other special interests and release and break their grip on Congress. More than thoughts and prayers are necessary, although they fulfill a vitally important func-tion. Talk must be turned into action. Waiting simply means more deaths, and delay means time. Time is not on our side with there being 92 deaths, on average, every day as a result of gun violence. Let us join together and combat evil. Certainly, it was there in Las Vegas, but it will visit other communities, as it does every day. Those 92 deaths and mass shootings will continue unless commonsense, sensible measures, like a ban on assault weapons and high-ca-pacity magazines, are adopted, as well as there being mandatory background checks for all gun sales. Until this is adopted, America will be more at risk. We must make America safer, and that is an obligation that we share across the aisle and across the two bodies of Congress. Thank you. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:31 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, October 3, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
THE JUDICIARY  
GREGORY E. MAGGS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS TO EXPIRE ON THE DATE PRESCRIBED BY LAW, VICE CHARLES E. ERDMANN, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
DIANA FURCHTGOTT–ROTH, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION. (NEW PO-SITION) 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
NAZAKHTAR NIKAKHTAR, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF COMMERCE, VICE MARCUS DWAYNE JADOTTE, RESIGNED. 
UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL TRADE  
COMMISSION  
DENNIS M. DEVANEY, OF MICHIGAN, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL TRADE COM-MISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 16, 2023, VICE IR-VING A. WILLIAMSON, TERM EXPIRED. RANDOLPH J. STAYIN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL TRADE COM-MISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 16, 2026, VICE MER-EDITH M. BROADBENT, TERM EXPIRED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
BARRY W. ASHE, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF LOU-ISIANA, VICE L. R. LEMELLE, RETIRED. DANIEL DESMOND DOMENICO, OF COLORADO, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLORADO, VICE ROBERT E. BLACKBURN, RETIRED. STUART KYLE DUNCAN, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT, VICE W. EUGENE DAVIS, RETIRED. IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. PAUL J. LACAMERA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. TWANDA E. YOUNG THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ROGER D. MURDOCK 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO BE A FOR-EIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: JULIE P. AKEY, OF VIRGINIA DULCE M. AYOUBI–ACOSTA, OF VIRGINIA HENRY N. BAKER, JR., OF KENTUCKY JEFFREY S. BARRUS, OF UTAH BENJAMIN J. BAUGHMAN, OF TEXAS SARAH M. BELOUSOV, OF FLORIDA STRAUN W. BOSTON, OF CALIFORNIA SHANNON M. BRINK, OF COLORADO ANTHONY C. BROSNAN, OF MISSOURI TUCKER A. BROWN, OF TEXAS JOEL BURGER, OF PENNSYLVANIA THOMAS G. CECIL, OF FLORIDA MOLLY MCCABE CHINCHILLA, OF ALASKA VINCENT G. CILLI, OF FLORIDA EVA COFFEY, OF TEXAS ADAM R. COLVIN, OF ALABAMA SYDNEY A. CROSS, OF MISSOURI STACI RAAB DAWSON, OF VIRGINIA CRAIG A. DENNISON, OF IOWA RISHI PRAFUL HAYWAR DESAI, OF WEST VIRGINIA COLIN J. DONOVAN, OF WISCONSIN KATRINA N. DRAYTON, OF MICHIGAN EDWARD A. EICHLER, OF MAINE ELIZABETH LAUREEN EVANS, OF VIRGINIA MANDY Z. FEUERBACHER, OF CALIFORNIA ERIC K. FONG, OF CALIFORNIA DARIN FOSTER, OF TEXAS MARINA O. GALKINA, OF FLORIDA DANIELA GARRETON, OF CALIFORNIA JONAS B. GIL, OF NEVADA PHILLIP M. GUTHRIE, OF TEXAS RUSSELL C. HEADLEE, OF NEBRASKA TODD A. JURKOWSKI, OF FLORIDA NICHOLAS A. KLINGER, OF FLORIDA FAITH E. KROEKER–MAUS, OF SOUTH DAKOTA ABRAHAM YISUNG LEE, OF MARYLAND RUBY V. MARCELO, OF MARYLAND COURTNEY M. MAZZONE, OF NEW YORK TIMOTHY S. MCNALLY, OF ILLINOIS CHRISTOPHER I. MERRIMAN, OF VIRGINIA BRIAN C. PHELPS, OF FLORIDA RICHARD E. PINKHAM II, OF OHIO CHRISTOPHER J. PISTULKA, OF SOUTH DAKOTA JAMISON F. PIXLEY, OF MASSACHUSETTS CALEB D. PORTNOY, OF MASSACHUSETTS RYAN M. REYNOLDS, OF UTAH ROYAL S. RIPLEY, OF FLORIDA LEAH J. SEVERINO, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AMELIA R. SHAW, OF NEW YORK CRYSTAL DAWN SHERIDAN, OF TEXAS GENEVIEVE C. SIEBENGARTNER, OF OREGON NICHOLAS S. SIEGEL, OF VIRGINIA HELEN ELISABETH SOCOLOW, OF NEW YORK SARAH R. STEPHENS, OF OKLAHOMA SCOTT C. TUTTLE, OF NEW YORK MERRY M. WALKER, OF WASHINGTON JESSICA ELLEN WARDER, OF FLORIDA MICHAEL Y. WARDER, OF FLORIDA MICHELLE KRISTINE WARREN, OF NEW JERSEY JOSEPH N. YACKLEY, OF ILLINOIS VERA N. ZDRAVKOVA, OF IDAHO 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate October 2, 2017: 
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  
AJIT VARADARAJ PAI, OF KANSAS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS FROM JULY 1, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G02OC6.044 S02OCPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1297 October 2, 2017 
RECOGNIZING TAIWAN’S NATIONAL DAY 
HON. CHARLES J. ‘‘CHUCK’’ FLEISCHMANN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish both the people of Taiwan and Americans celebrating Taiwan’s National Day this October 10th a Happy Double Ten Day. In the decades preceding and following the Taiwan Relations Act of 1979, the United States and Taiwan have built a solid bond that cannot be broken—born out of our shared val-ues and our cooperation with each other in times of crisis, and in times of advancement. During the years, this key ally in the Asia- Pacific has transformed itself into a multiparty democracy which is a significant contributor to the global economy and humanitarian assist-ance. This is chiefly due to the hard work of the 23.5 million people on Taiwan, who value education, science, and progress. Americans share these values, which is why we have also contributed to Taiwan’s success not only through our support and friendship, but through the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances, cornerstones of our relations with Taiwan. In 2016, Taiwan ranked as the United States’ 10th largest trading partner and 7th largest export market for U.S. agricultural products. Moreover, Tennessee’s exports to Taiwan reached $265.19 million in the same year. Taiwan is Tennessee’s 7th largest export market in Asia. Tennessee companies have substantial opportunities to expand their busi-ness and cooperation with Taiwan. I will, to-gether with Taiwan, work to find areas where we can partner to our mutual benefit. This is a day to celebrate, and to be opti-mistic. I ask my colleagues to join me in re-committing ourselves to the U.S.-Taiwan rela-tionship, and in wishing Taiwan a Happy Dou-ble Ten Day. 
f 
HONORING ROBERT REESE 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Robert Reese, an outstanding con-stituent in my district on the Central Coast of California. Robert has served as the executive director for the Carl Cherry Center for the Arts for over 30 years. His dedication to preserving a vibrant artistic culture that pays homage to the traditions of the original artists’ colony of Carmel, CA has served to make the central coast a hub of innovative art and science. Whether it be through sculptures, paintings, concerts, poetry readings, recitals, or multi- media performances, the Center for the Arts has consistently provided the invaluable serv-ice of allowing residents the opportunity to see themselves, and their community, through a different lens. Throughout his tenure as executive director, Robert has remained true to the founding vi-sion of Jeanne D’Orge, who founded the Carl Cherry Center for the Arts in the 1940’s. Fa-mous for producing and hosting some of the world’s greatest artists, poets, and writers since the turn of the 20th century, Carmel-by- the-Sea continues to nurture original art and new forms of theater, a wonderful public serv-ice that Robert has contributed to tirelessly over the past three decades. His keen eye for fully exploring the ‘‘ethos’’ behind any given piece of artistic expression is a gift that served him well at bringing the community the best kind of art—that which challenges our pre-conceived notions, and changes the way we think. In addition to being an expert curator of fine arts, Robert is also a former journalist and award-winning writer. His writing earned him an anthology in the publication Best Spiritual Writing, and the Monterey County Cultural Arts Benefactor Award. A man of great civic virtue, he also regularly volunteers as a chaplain for the Monterey County Jail, and at the Commu-nity Hospital of the Monterey Peninsula. Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in recognizing Robert Reese for his many accomplishments and contributions to his community. In these polarized times, bringing people together in any way possible is of the utmost importance, and there is no better way to accomplish this than through appreciation of great art, whatever form that may take. f 
RECOGNITION OF DEPUTY LIBRAR-IAN OF CONGRESS, ROBERT NEWLEN 
HON. GREGG HARPER 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I am so hon-ored to rise today to recognize and commend the Deputy Librarian of Congress, Robert Newlen, who is leaving the Library of Con-gress after more than 43 years of distin-guished service to accept a position with a pri-vate foundation. Before being named Deputy Librarian last year, Mr. Newlen served as chief of staff, as-sistant law librarian in the Law Library, and held several leadership positions within the Congressional Research Service. Mr. Newlen is literally an institution within an institution. He has provided exceptional lead-ership and counsel across the Library of Con-gress since the mid-1970’s and is admired and respected widely by his many colleagues and friends there. His knowledge, energy, and wisdom have enabled him to be an enthusi-astic champion for the Library, both across the nation and the world. It has been my honor to serve as Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Joint Committee on the Library of Congress in the current Con-gress and in previous terms, and in those ca-pacities I have always been impressed with Mr. Newlen’s dedication to the world’s premier library and his personal warmth and self-effac-ing manner. Robert Newlen is a classic exam-ple of what a public servant should be. I thank him for his service to the Library of Congress, to the United States Congress, and to the American people. He will be missed on Capitol Hill. I wish him well. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TIMOTHY J. WALZ 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for Roll Call Nos. 542 (on the passage of H.R. 3823), and 543 (on the passage of H.R. 2792). Had I been present, I would have voted No on both these votes. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF THE 106TH NATIONAL DAY OF THE REPUB-LIC OF CHINA (TAIWAN) 
HON. MIKE BISHOP 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the 106th National Day of the Republic of Taiwan (China), or the ‘‘Double-Ten’’ celebration. Since the signing of the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA), the United States and Taiwan have forged a strong part-nership based on our shared values of democ-racy, freedom, and rule of law. Over the years, Taiwan’s economy has de-veloped into one of the most innovative and advanced in the world. Taiwan has also proved itself to be a model of democracy in the Asia-Pacific region. The relationship be-tween Taiwan and the United States is par-ticularly strong when it comes to trade be-tween the two countries, having created roughly half-a-million jobs in the United States. Taiwan’s role and importance as a trading partner with the United States continues to grow every day. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to further strengthening our relationship to create even more prosperity for our two countries. I stand ready to work with this administration in order to do so. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02OC8.001 E02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1298 October 2, 2017 
WE MUST ROOT OUT RACISM 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first let me thank my colleagues, for organizing this important spe-cial order hour and for their dedicated leader-ship in the fight to take racism and discrimina-tion head on in America. I’d also like to thank Chairman R
ICHMOND  for his mighty leadership of our caucus as we work in resistance to this Administration. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to stand with my colleagues in the fight to Root Out Racism from our society. Our country was founded on the values of freedom, justice and equality. Right now, those very same values are under attack from the highest levels of our government where the President of the United States and Republicans are openly embracing racist and discriminatory policies and actions. As we speak the Trump Administration is actively supporting a Presidential Voting Com-mission which is rooted in voter suppression and racism. As we speak, Attorney General Jeff Ses-sions is undoing consent decrees, funding pri-vate prisons and reviving the failed War on Drugs which is rooted in racism. As we speak, this Administration is waging an all-out attack on affirmative action on cam-puses across the country which is rooted in racism. As we speak, the President of the United States is being advised by individuals with ties to white supremacists, white nationalists and Neo-Nazis. And to make matters worse, the President takes to Twitter nearly every morning to fan the flames of division and discrimination. Choosing to tacitly speak out against racially motivated killings in Charlottesville but finding ample time to insult athletes who are pro-testing in solidarity with Colin Kaepernick. Mr. Speaker, a recent NBC News/Wallstreet Journal poll found that 70 percent of Ameri-cans believe race relations in America are poor. This should come as a surprise to no one. I am convinced that the public wants us to root out racism. Attacks against communities of color seem to have no end under the Trump Administra-tion. Racism, unfortunately is alive and well in the United States. We need look no further than the dev-astating budget cuts Republicans have pro-posed which would disproportionately impact African Americans. We must also acknowledge that systematic racism permeates these policies. Last year then-presidential candidate Don-ald Trump asked African Americans what do we have to lose? The answer is clearer than ever before: ev-erything. Critical programs that help the most vulner-able such as Meals on Wheels, heating and energy assistance, and nutrition aid to women and children are on the chopping block in the President’s budget. The President’s budget eliminates: Commu-nity Development Block Grants; HOME pro-grams that provide affordable housing for low- income residents; Legal Services Corporation, which helps those who cannot afford legal rep-resentation; and the Minority Business Devel-opment Agency, which helps promote minor-ity-owned businesses. And Republicans are determined to continue their crusade against the Affordable Care Act which would rip healthcare from millions of Af-rican Americans. For over 50 years our progress as a nation has been measured by how we reckon with the remaining vestiges of slavery, how we root out racism when it rears its ugly head. Administrations have been judged by their support for civil rights, voting rights, advances in health care, public education, social justice and strengthening ladders of opportunity to enter the middle for African Americans. This Administration is failing on all accounts. That is why as the ‘‘Conscience of the Con-gress’’, Members of the Congressional Black Caucus have united to resist the rollback of progress. We will resist this cruel hearted political agenda, which exudes racism at its core. We will stand united in defense of our com-munities. And we will exercise our God-given constitu-tional rights. From Jamestown to Jim Crow, we’ve fought to root out racism in this country and we have won amazing victories. So right now, despite the challenges we face with this President and Republicans in Congress, the Congressional Black Caucus will continue to fight. Whether it’s standing up to the alt right agenda in the White House or taking a knee in solidarity with courageous Americans, we will not lose heart in the fight to root out rac-ism. Because in the words of that old negro spiritual, ‘‘We aint gonna let nobody, turn us around’’. 
f 
HONORING THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF ST. PAUL’S LUTHERAN CHURCH 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize St. Paul’s Lutheran Church of Troy, Illi-nois, on the occasion of its 150th anniversary. St. Paul’s had its beginning in 1864 when local Lutheran families first came together for worship. In 1865 a new church building was dedicated, which served both as a place to worship and as a school, and on January 25, 1867, St. Paul’s Lutheran Congregation was officially established. Since then, St. Paul’s has had a strong presence in Troy. Whether by providing an el-ementary school education to its children, giv-ing back to Troy through its community-based services, or simply ministering to its congrega-tion, St. Paul’s has been a focal point for the religious and spiritual needs of the community. In the years since the first church building was dedicated, St. Paul’s has undergone many changes: a second house of God was dedicated in 1888, German and English serv-ices began in 1900, an extensive remodeling occurred in 1938, and construction on the cur-rent church began in 1961. But what has not changed over the past 150 years has been the spirit of love and joy in God’s work that first animated St. Paul’s and is present in to-day’s congregation. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge an important milestone for St. Paul’s Lutheran Church, and I wish it, and its pastor, the Rev-erend Michael Schuessler, the very best as they celebrate the church’s 150th anniversary. f 
HAPPY DOUBLE TEN DAY (TAIWAN) 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish both the people of Taiwan and Ameri-cans celebrating Taiwan’s National Day this October 10th a Happy Double Ten Day. Our two countries’ partnership has flour-ished thanks to a mutual commitment to democratic values and constitutional govern-ment Taiwan has created a strong democracy, as evidenced by the six direct presidential elections the country has held since 1996 and the three peaceful passages of power from one political party to another in the wake of these elections, most recently in 2016. Taiwan now serves as a strong example of democracy for not only the Asia Pacific region, but also the world. The strength of this bond has also been demonstrated most recently by a series of common initiatives. In August, onr two nations collaborated on the launch of Taiwan’s first domestically built satellite, the Formosat-5, and Taiwan signed letters of intent to pur-chase approximately 365 million bushels of U.S. grains in 2018 and 2019 worth almost $3 billion. Additionally, Taipei pledged $800,000 to relief efforts in the wake of Hurricane Har-vey. I applaud Taiwan’s commitment to deep-ening ties with the United States, and the peo-ple of Taiwan should rest assured that Ameri-cans and this Congress share it. This is a day to celebrate, and to be opti-mistic. I ask my colleagues to join me in re-committing ourselves to the U.S.-Taiwan rela-tionship, and in wishing Taiwan a Happy Dou-ble Ten Day. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PAWNEE UNITED METHODIST CHURCH’S 165TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to recognize Pawnee United Methodist Church as they celebrate their 165th anniver-sary serving Pawnee, Illinois through ministry and service. In 1852, Pastor Rev. A. Bradshaw estab-lished the first Methodist class in Pawnee, IL, where they met in a home of a member of the congregation. Five years later, the first Meth-odist church was built in what is now the heart of downtown Pawnee. By 1966, an additional space was needed to accommodate the grow-ing congregation, thus a new sanctuary was built. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02OC8.002 E02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1299 October 2, 2017 
Pawnee United Methodist Church continues to serve the area with God’s enduring bless-ings and faithful watch. The congregation’s commitment to faith, service, and community embodies the virtues of true servants of God. I extend my sincere congratulations and grati-tude to Pawnee United Methodist Church for all they have done and continue to do. May they continue to make disciples of Jesus Christ in the world. 
f 
TAIWAN’S NATIONAL DAY 
HON. ANN WAGNER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to re-mind my colleagues that October 10th is Tai-wan’s National Day—also known as Double Ten Day. As this day approaches, I would like to congratulate the people of Taiwan, both on this occasion and on building one of the world’s great democracies. Over the past 30 years, Taiwan has come to embody the same principles we hold dear: constitutional government, democracy, free-dom, and entrepreneurship. Through the de-mocratization over the last three decades, Tai-wan now serves as a strong example of de-mocracy for not only the Asia-Pacific region, but also the world. Yet it is not just our com-mitment to democratic and constitutional val-ues that ties our two countries together. Taiwan and the United States have together faced a number of challenges, and have time and again displayed a steadfast commitment to one another’s security and prosperity. The Taiwan Relations Act (TRA) was enshrined in 1979, and later supplemented by the Six As-surances given by President Ronald Reagan in 1982. The TRA and the Six Assurances form the cornerstone of our relations with Tai-wan, and I would like to express my strong and continuing support for these foundations to our relations. I reaffirm it today, and again congratulate the people of Taiwan on this im-portant occasion. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BEN ROSE AND HIS SERVICE TO CABARRUS COUNTY 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ben Rose on nearly a decade of service to North Carolina’s 8th District as Cabarrus County Department of Social Serv-ices Director. Originally from Raleigh, Ben received his undergraduate degree in biology at Campbell University and went on to finish his Master’s in social work at Tulane University. Since fin-ishing school, he has applied his education to community service and helping those who need it most. Ben has been an integral part of helping me assist our shared constituents and provide them with the best services possible. Over the years, Ben has dedicated his life to furthering the state of North Carolina. He has served on the boards of the North Caro-lina Association of County Social Services Di-rectors, Cabarrus County Mental Health Advi-sory, Cabarrus County Transportation Advi-sory, Cabarrus County Conflict Resolution and Teen Court, Cabarrus Literacy Council, and on the Advisory Board of the State Employees Credit Union. As you can see, Ben’s servant heart never stops, no matter the day or time. Residing in North Carolina, he and his wife, Brenda, have one daughter. Ben has shown immense dedication to his career and his fam-ily over the years. I am extremely grateful for Ben’s service to our community and I wish him continued success. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in hon-oring Ben Rose for his service to our commu-nity. f 
HONORING CHIEF DONALD R. OLI-VER ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize my friend Donald R. Oliver as he re-tires as Chief of the City of Wilson, North Carolina Fire/Rescue Service located in my congressional district where he has led the de-partment since 1992. Chief Oliver began his firefighting career in Wichita, Kansas 50 years ago with the Wichita Fire Department. It was there that he met his wife Linda who worked at the Department as a fire-dispatcher. After serving the people of Wichita as a fire-fighter, the two moved to Thornton, Colorado where Chief Oliver served as a firefighter for nearly 20 years and moved up the ranks first as Lieutenant, then Training Officer, Assistant Chief and ultimately Chief. Mr. Speaker, in 1992, Chief Oliver moved to my hometown of Wilson, North Carolina and began serving as Chief of the Wilson Fire/ Rescue Service. He is the longest serving Chief of the Fire/Rescue Service in the history of our great City and I know I speak for resi-dents of the City in thanking Chief Oliver for working day and night to keep us safe. In addition to his duties as Chief of the City of Wilson’s Fire/Rescue Service, Chief Oliver represented his fellow firefighters on the Inter-national Association of Fire Chiefs Fire Pre-vention Committee where he served as Chair. The worldwide association represents the leadership of firefighters and emergency re-sponders. Chief Oliver served as President of the National Fire Protection Association from 1996 until 2004 and was a charter member of the National Society of Executive Fire Officers. He also was a member of the Board of Visi-tors for the National Fire Academy from 1996 until 2009. Mr. Speaker, for a quarter century, Chief Oliver has led the City of Wilson Fire/Rescue Service. He has been responsible not only for protecting the lives of the residents of our City, but also those who served under his capable leadership. I am grateful for his work. So on behalf of the United States House of Representatives and the residents of the First Congressional District of North Carolina, I thank Chief Donald R. Oliver for his enormous sacrifices over his great career and wish him well as he retires from honorable service. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, September 28, 2017, I missed Roll Call vote 543 on H.R. 2792, the Control Unlawful Fugitive Felons Act of 2017. Had I been present for this vote, I would have voted Nay on Roll Call vote 543. 
f 
HONORING ZAGATHON 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Zagathon and the stu-dents of Gonzaga University who are associ-ated with this annual event. Today, Gonzaga joins with more than 300 Miracle Network Dance Marathon programs across the country for Child Health Day. In 2013, this event, formerly known as Gon-zaga University Dance Marathon, set out to raise money for children in the community. In 2013, the group raised $6,000 for Children’s Miracle Network and last year raised an as-tounding $76,000. This money stays in East-ern Washington, benefitting the Sacred Heart Children’s Hospital in Spokane. Past dance marathon events have provided Vein Finder devices for less painful IV starts and a vital piece of equipment for the NICU that prevents premature infants from having to be moved to receive lifesaving treatments. Ac-cording to John Lauck, President and CEO of Children’s Miracle Network Hospitals, ‘‘the cal-iber of students who participate in Miracle Net-work Dance Marathon completely contradict the millennial stereotype. I appreciate the countless hours they contribute to this effort, the leadership skills they demonstrate through-out the process and the immense impact they have on local kids’’. I applaud the efforts of the students of Gon-zaga University for doing their part to raise money for some of the most vulnerable in our communities, our children. 
f 
TRIBAL HERITAGE AND GRIZZLY BEAR PROTECTION ACT 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, the Tribal Her-itage and Grizzly Bear Protection Act will en-sure continued respect for both the ecological and cultural values of the grizzly bear. It re-quires that conservation and management of the species is conducted in close consultation with federally recognized Indian Tribes, as many Tribes value the bear in ways that can-not be accounted for solely under Endangered Species Act (ESA) protections. Eagles have been recognized for their symbolic importance to our country and were protected by Con-gress under the Bald and Golden Eagle Pro-tection Act, even after these species had re-covered under the ESA. Similarly, grizzly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02OC8.005 E02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1300 October 2, 2017 
bears are essential to the culture and history of our nation’s Tribes and deserve strong pro-tections. The recent decision by the Department of the Interior to remove Endangered Species Act (ESA) protections from grizzly bears in the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem (GYE) re-mains controversial and is being challenged in court. While GYE grizzly bears have made significant progress towards recovery over the past forty two years, the population is still at risk of extinction from a suite of impacts, in-cluding habitat loss and fragmentation, climate change, decline of food sources, and human caused mortality. The best available science does not support the decision to delist the GYE grizzly bear population without putting in place strong safeguards to prevent population decline and maintain connectivity with other populations of grizzly bears. Removing protec-tions reverses the progress that has been made over the last four decades under the ESA. Over 50 Tribal Nations stand in opposi-tion to delisting and have raised concerns over the Department of the Interior’s decision, par-ticularly regarding the science, lack of trans-parency, and irreparable harm that delisting GYE grizzly bears would cause to Tribal sov-ereignty, sacred site protections, treaty rights, consultation mandates, and spiritual and reli-gious freedoms. To guarantee continued protection of all grizzly bears, the Tribal Heritage and Grizzly Bear Protection Act sets strong conservation standards for grizzly bears and their habitat. It bans trophy hunting and only permits the take of grizzly bears under a narrow set of cir-cumstances: scientific or exhibition purposes, religious purposes of federally recognized In-dian Tribes, and protection of agricultural inter-ests and public safety. Grizzly bears are im-portant top predators and help maintain eco-systems by keeping grazing populations in check, which prevents overgrazing of key habitats. They are a critical component of our landscapes and should not be hunted simply for sport. Additionally, grizzly bears have al-ready lost large expanses of their historic range and existing habitat should be protected against further destruction. Human caused mortalities of grizzly bears are a key threat to the species, including ag-gressive predator control of grizzly bears. This bill prohibits non-discriminatory predator con-trol measures, such as those used by many states, which may result in the taking of grizzly bears on U.S. public lands. The bill also in-creases annual funding for livestock loss pre-vention programs to add prevention of loss from grizzly bears; productive, precautionary measures like these can address human-griz-zly interactions much better than indiscrimi-nate measures that kill large numbers of griz-zly bears and result in few positive outcomes. Finally, this bill affirms Tribal sovereignty and spiritual and religious rights. The grizzly bear is considered an ancestor by many Na-tive American cultures, celebrated in numer-ous ceremonies, and is a key part of environ-ments that include sacred and historical sites. This bill recognizes the grizzly bear’s signifi-cance by requiring consultation with Tribes be-fore permitting grizzly bear take and before major federal actions that may impact bears or their habitat. It also adds Tribal members to the Interagency Grizzly Bear Committee and creates a much needed process and manage-ment partnership for reintroduction of grizzly bears to suitable land of willing Tribes. Grizzly bears are a core part of Tribal heritage and healthy ecosystems, and it is critical to protect this remarkable species and the culture they embody. 
f 
CONGRATULATING TEAM USA ON THEIR SOLHEIM CUP VICTORY 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Team USA for their victory over Team Europe in the Solheim Cup. Team USA includes our nation’s best women golfers, and they took home the title for the second consecutive time by defeating Team Europe 16
1⁄2to 111⁄2. The team was led by captain Juli Inkster and South Florida na-tive Lexi Thompson, the third best female golf-er in the world. The Americans went into the final day of the tournament with a five-point lead and they fought hard to maintain it. Im-portant final day victories by veteran Paula Creamer as well as South Florida’s own Christie Kerr helped seal the win for Team USA. All the members of Team USA played well throughout the tournament, and I am happy to congratulate them again on this impressive ac-complishment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 130TH AN-NIVERSARY OF SACRAMENTO CENTRAL SEVENTH-DAY AD-VENTIST CHURCH 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 130th Anniversary of Sac-ramento Central Seventh-Day Adventist Church. As the church community gathers to celebrate this momentous occasion, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring this well- established congregation in Sacramento. The Sacramento Central Seventh-Day Ad-ventist Church began as only a handful of Sacramento faithful who would meet every week near 14th and I Street. The first meeting occurred on November 9th, 1881, and the group grew all the way into the twentieth cen-tury. The congregation was then joined by a pastor and started a series of moves and con-struction projects as the burgeoning commu-nity necessitated ever more space for worship. This journey culminated in 1973, when the building that serves as the Central Church was constructed along the banks of the Amer-ican River. The members of the Sacramento Central Adventist Church have worked tirelessly to better the world around them, both at their doorstep with a host of services to benefit their local community and across the globe through mission trips. Their generosity and moral courage have won them many adher-ents in the course of their 130 years in Sac-ramento, and their journey is far from over. Mr. Speaker, as the congregation gathers in honor of the 130th Anniversary of Sacramento Central Seventh-Day Adventist Church, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring this staple of the Sacramento area and all it has provided to the community. f 
RECOGNITION OF DOUBLE TEN DAY, TAIWAN NATIONAL DAY 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Double Ten Day, the upcoming national day of Taiwan. Taiwan celebrates its national day every Oc-tober 10th. As this special day approaches, I would like to wish the people of Taiwan and all Taiwanese and Chinese Americans a happy Double Ten Day. These occasions remind us to reflect on our past successes and look forward with renewed commitment to what we may accomplish to-gether in the days and months ahead. The United States and Taiwan share a spe-cial bond, forged by mutual respect and a steadfast commitment to one another’s secu-rity and prosperity. Through the passage of the Taiwan Rela-tions Act of 1979 and the deliverance of the Six Assurances by President Ronald Reagan in 1982, the United States and Taiwan ce-mented a strong friendship deepened by mu-tual strength in the face of hardship. I believe the United States and Taiwan must continue to prioritize investment in defense ca-pabilities that will secure its peace, but also want to recognize that the commitment to the bond between our nations extends to humani-tarian support. In fact, recently, officials Taipei pledged to donate $800,000 to local governments and re-lief efforts in the wake of Hurricane Harvey, which touched the lives of thousands of Amer-icans. Taiwan rose up and carne to the aid of our struggling communities—showcasing Tai-wan’s leadership and dedication to its relation-ship with the United States. I would like to extend thanks to President Tsai Ing-wen and the people of Taiwan for their generosity and friendship, and again wish them a Happy Double Ten Day. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LAUNCH OF HABITAT FOR HUMANITY’S SOUTHERN ADIRONDACK RE-STORE 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate the opening of Habitat for Humanity’s Southern Adirondack ReStore. Habitat for Humanity has a long history of serving Northern Saratoga, Warren and Wash-ington counties by providing affordable hous-ing to those in need. In order to continue its mission, Habitat for Humanity is expanding its services to a new ReStore in Moreau, New York. At this location, Habitat for Humanity will sell furniture, appliances, home accessories, building materials and more for an affordable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02OC8.011 E02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1301 October 2, 2017 
price. Habitat for Humanity’s ability to offer these goods and services at the ReStore is made possible by the hard work of volunteers and donors throughout the community. By working on behalf of their neighbors, the vol-unteers of Habitat for Humanity continue to enrich the North Country community. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to thank Habitat for Humanity and its volun-teers for providing an invaluable service to the North Country. We are grateful for Habitat for Humanity’s commitment to this region, and look forward to the benefits that the ReStore will provide for years to come. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE 106TH NATIONAL DAY OF TAIWAN 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate President Tsai Ing-wen and the people of Taiwan as they celebrate the 106th anniversary of its National Day on October 10, 2017. With the success of its sixth direct presi-dential election, Taiwan continues to serve as a beacon of vibrant democracy in the Asia-Pa-cific region. We just celebrated the 38th anniversary of the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA) this past April. The TRA was intended by Congress to endure an important relationship between close friends and allies. I am heartened by the strengthening of ties that have taken place in recent years, from Taiwan’s admission to the U.S. Visa Waiver Program in 2012, and the first visit of a Cabinet-level official since the Clinton Administration in 2014. The bond be-tween the United States and Taiwan is strong-er than ever. Taiwan is also a great friend in times of de-spair. Following the recent devastation of Hur-ricane Harvey, Taiwan generously contributed $800,000 for relief efforts. In 2005, after Hurri-cane Katrina struck New Orleans, Taiwan, by the same token, offered a helping hand and donated $2 million. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating our friend, Taiwan, on this important oc-casion. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 15TH ANNIVER-SARY OF PPL’S FUSE PROGRAM 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to bring to the House’s attention the 15th anni-versary of FUSE, Pennsylvania Power and Light’s employee business resource group for members of the LGBTQ community and their allies. In 1920, eight Pennsylvania utilities came together to form the Pennsylvania Power and Light (PPL) Corporation. By 1928, the com-pany—headquartered in the iconic PPL build-ing in Allentown, Pennsylvania—would link with Philadelphia Electric Co. to form the world’s first fully-integrated power pool. For nearly a century, PPL has continued to grow and expand. Today, PPL services nearly 10 million customers in central and eastern Pennsylvania, Kentucky, and the United King-dom. Furthermore, the company employs over 13,000 people. PPL has demonstrated itself as an impres-sive business, based not only on its commit-ment to the greater Lehigh Valley and Penn-sylvania’s 15th District, but also on its commit-ment to its employees. The FUSE business resource group is a shining example of this commitment. FUSE was founded 15 years ago to pro-mote and provide an inclusive, considerate, and diverse work environment for PPL em-ployees who identify as part of the LGBTQ community. The program allows LGBTQ em-ployees and their allies to come together to tackle workplace projects and pursue mean-ingful professional development opportunities. Fifteen years removed from FUSE’s founding, PPL’s commitment to its LGBTQ employees was honored earlier this year when it was named a 2017 Best Place to Work for LGBT Equality by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation. PPL is a valued member of Pennsylvania’s 15th District and a respected corporate citizen, powering our communities and providing good jobs and good wages to our citizens. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to offer my congratulations to the men and women of Pennsylvania Power and Light, on the 15th anniversary of the FUSE program’s founding. May they continue to be champions of diver-sity and inclusion in the workplace. f 
CONGRATULATING HAR SINAI CON-GREGATION ON ITS 175TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, Maryland was founded as a haven for freedom of worship, and our state is proud to be home to religious institutions and communities that enrich the life of our state and our country. One of those is the Har Sinai Congregation in Owings Mills. Founded on May 15, 1842, it is the oldest continuously operating Reform Jewish con-gregation in the United States. This year marks the 175th anniversary of its establish-ment. Drawing on practices adopted by some of the first Reform synagogues in Europe, Har Sinai Congregation served a small community of immigrants first in Baltimore and later, as the community grew, in the suburbs. The syn-agogue’s first leader, Rabbi David Einhorn, ar-rived in 1855 and became one of the central voices of American Reform Judaism in the nineteenth century. The ‘Olath Tamid’ siddur he published in 1856 went on to become a template for the Union Prayer Book later adopted widely by Reform congregations across the country. Rabbi Einhorn also preached against slavery, a courageous act to undertake in a Southern state where that hor-rific institution was still practiced. His aboli-tionism eventually led him to flee to Philadel-phia in 1861, escaping a violent, pro-Confed-eracy riot in Baltimore during the Civil War. Among the clergy who followed in leading Har Sinai Congregation was Rabbi David Philipson, an American-born scholar and theo-logian who led the community from 1884 to 1888. A member of the first graduating class of the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati, he would go on to become one of the most prominent Reform rabbis of his age, authoring books on history, theology, and literature while speaking out against anti-Semitism and, in his later years, the rise of Nazism. Today, the congregation is led by Rabbi Linda Joseph, a native of Australia and the first woman to lead the community, having taken up the pulpit there last year. Now a congregation of more than 400 fami-lies, and with more than 200 students in its re-ligious school, Har Sinai Congregation has be-come one of Maryland’s most active and dy-namic synagogues. With the mantra of ‘wor-shipping together; caring together; working to-gether,’ its members are putting into practice the ancient Jewish precepts that call for social justice, charitable works, education, and com-munity engagement. On Shabbat and holi-days, congregants gather in worship and join in liturgical song, led by Cantor Robert Gerber, as they continue the traditions of American Reform Judaism that Har Sinai Congregation helped establish. I join in congratulating the clergy, lay leader-ship, and congregants of Har Sinai Congrega-tion on reaching this milestone in the commu-nity’s history, and I wish all of them a Shana Tovah U’Metuka—a sweet and happy new year for 5778. f 
CONGRATULATING THE CHINESE AMERICAN MEDICAL SOCIETY 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate the Chinese American Medical Society as they host their 54th Annual Sci-entific Symposium and Annual Red Lantern Gala. This year, CAMA is focusing on advancing women’s health. Throughout its history as one of the most successful national Chinese Amer-ican Medical Societies, CAMA has sought to eliminate health disparities for Chinese Ameri-cans and other underserved minority popu-lations. Each year, the Symposium is an op-portunity for many of medicine’s most fore-most experts to gather, collaborate and ulti-mately impact lives. Their annual Red Lantern Gala is a chance to celebrate the ground breaking work of all those who have dedicated their lives to ad-vancing health and well being for Chinese Americans. I’d especially like to salute this year’s honorees: Dr. Anna Suk-Fong Lok with the 2017 CAMS Scientific Award, and Mr. Mi-chael J. Dowling, Mr. Peter Lau and Dr. Wai Lap Leung with the Community Service Award. I applaud CAMA for their unwavering dedi-cation to improving health outcomes for Chi-nese Americans both in New York City and around the country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jan 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\OCTOBER\E02OC7.REC E02OC7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1302 October 2, 2017 
RECOGNIZING REVEREND WILLIAM GLUCK FOR FIFTY YEARS OF DEDICATED SERVICE TO COMMU-NITY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Reverend William Herbert Gluck, fondly known as ‘‘Preacher Bill,’’ of Andalusia for his fifty years of service to Community Baptist Church. Preacher Bill was born on October 15, 1936 to William and Catherine Gluck, and grew up in Moline. After graduating from Moline High School in 1954, Preacher Bill enlisted in the U.S. Army, where he served for eight years. After leaving the Army in 1962, Preacher Bill served as a pastor for a short time in Georgia, and volunteered at Central Baptist Church in Moline before finally beginning his impressive tenure at Community Baptist in Andalusia in October of 1967. In August of 1968, Preacher Bill married his wife, Carol, who sadly passed away in 2011. He has been blessed with six children, ten grandchildren, and one great- grandchild. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Preacher Bill once again for his dedicated service to Community Baptist Church over the last five decades. I wish him, his church, and his family nothing but the very best in all the years ahead. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CEDAR CREST COLLEGE’S 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Cedar Crest College on the occasion of its 150th anniversary. In 1867, Robert Em-mett Wright—a distinguished lawyer and pub-lic servant in Lehigh County—envisioned a school which his daughters could attend. On July 12, he joined members of the Reformed Church leadership at Allentown’s Zion’s Re-formed Church in putting a proposal forward to purchase property for Lehigh Female Acad-emy, which would later become Cedar Crest College. Classes were first held in September, with only eight students in attendance; however, in a year’s time, attendance grew, and the school relocated to Clover Nook, at Fourth and Turner Streets. Its name was once again changed to Allentown Female College. Addi-tional classrooms, a library, gymnasium, and a fully equipped art room were added to accom-modate the increasing educational interests of the college’s growing student body. In 1913, the school moved to its modern day location, and it officially became Cedar Crest College. Today, Cedar Crest College remains com-mitted to its original goal of providing higher education for women and preparing leaders for the increasingly global community. With a graduate and undergraduate count of over 1,500 students, Cedar Crest College provides a personable and high quality approach to education for local women and those in the nearby states of New York and New Jersey. It is my honor to recognize the students and faculty who comprise Cedar Crest College on this momentous occasion. Cedar Crest stu-dents are both bright and capable, but it is their approach to leadership as service to the community and the world around them that really makes them shine. May they experience continued growth and success over the next 150 years. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 106TH ANNIVERSARY OF TAIWAN 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate the people of Taiwan on the 106th anniversary of their republic, celebrated on October 10th. October 10th, known in Taiwan as ‘‘Double Ten Day’’, is revered by the Tai-wanese people—just as Fourth of July is here in the United States. It commemorates the Wuchang Uprising, which triggered a revolu-tion that led to the overthrow of China’s impe-rial regime and the establishment of the Re-public of China. Since the Republic of China was founded on January 1, 1912, the people of Taiwan have developed a democracy of which they should be proud. They are our 10th largest trading partner, including more than $200 mil-lion in purchases from my home state of Michigan. They are an economically and so-cially growing nation, that has recently imple-mented a single-payer National Health Insur-ance (NHI) system. This system is similar to legislation that I have been championing in the U.S. House for more than a decade, and which B
ERNIE SANDERS recently introduced in the U.S. Senate. I believe that America has much to learn from this work, and I am eager to see them succeed in guaranteeing their citi-zens a universal right to healthcare—a prac-tice America would do well to follow. I also want to commend the people of Tai-wan on their success this past year, in which they inaugurated their first female president— a first not only for the island, but also the first woman elected head of state in Asia in her own right, who was not related to a notable male politician. I want to congratulate my friends across the ocean and wish them a very happy 106th Double Ten Day. 
f 
CAPTAIN OSCAR MEDELLIN AN-NOUNCES RETIREMENT FROM THE CALIFORNIA HIGHWAY PA-TROL 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the exceptional law enforcement career of California Highway Patrol (CHP) Captain Oscar Medellin, who will retire on September 30, 2017. After serving honorably in the U.S. Air Force, Captain Medellin was hired by the CHP in 1988. Captain Medellin worked in a number of capacities during his CHP career, which in-clude the Inland Division Critical Incident Team, Inland Division Investigative Services Unit, and, most recently, Area Commander for Victorville. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, I would like to congratulate and thank Captain Medellin for his 28 years of service to the citizens of California. His professionalism and dedication to the profession of law en-forcement reflects great credit upon himself and the California Highway Patrol. f 
CELEBRATING 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE BLACK WOMEN’S TASK FORCE OF TUCSON 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I wish to rec-ognize the Black Women’s Task Force of Tuc-son on the event of its 40th anniversary. The Black Women’s Task Force of Tucson organized with the mission of ‘‘educating and empowering women through support and net-working for equality and success in the Tuc-son community.’’ Serving as a bedrock of the Tucson community for four decades, it has met its mission statement and more. The Black Women’s Task Force of Tucson provides much-needed access to information on healthcare and business, as well as hosting events and providing a space to share stories with the Tucson community. Part of its community support is assisting local students through a variety of programs and scholar-ships. For example, the Black Women’s Task Force donated over one hundred computers to students in the Tucson Unified School District and sponsored student trips to Africa and South America with an academic focus. There have been many changes throughout the last 40 years; and many fights won in the pursuit of social and economic equality for women. However, there is still much work to be done both in Tucson and throughout the na-tion. I know that the Black Women’s Task Force will continue to be a positive force for change. I cannot emphasize enough the im-pact that this organization has had on the Tuc-son community. From helping victims of domestic violence to feeding the hungry, the Black Women’s Task Force has worked tirelessly to make our city a better place for everyone. I look forward to seeing the impact the Black Women’s Task Force has on the next forty years. For that, it would be my honor to ask that the work done for the past forty years by the Black Women’s Task Force be known to this Congress as a force for good in the City of Tucson. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CORONADO THEATRE ON ITS 90TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the historic Coronado Theatre in Rockford, Illinois, on their 90th birthday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02OC8.020 E02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1303 October 2, 2017 
The Coronado Theatre was built in 1927, and over the years it has hosted many leg-endary performers including Frank Sinatra, Bob Hope, Louis Armstrong, and more re-cently, Jerry Seinfeld. Between 1999 and 2001 the theater under-went an $18.5 million renovation, thanks to the support of the community, the City of Rock-ford, and Friends of the Coronado, a non-profit dedicated to ensuring the theater will continue to be a community asset for all to use and share. The renovation preserved the theater’s history while making much-needed improve-ments to ensure future generations would be able to enjoy all the theater has to offer. The Coronado Theatre’s staff, Friends of the Coro-nado, and the entire Rockford community should be truly proud of this milestone birth-day. Mr. Speaker, I again want to congratulate Coronado Theatre on this momentous birth-day, and wish them much success over their next 90 years. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF THURGOOD MARSHALL 
HON. NANETTE DIAZ BARRAGA´N 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the R
ECORD the following Procla-mation to commemorate the extraordinary life of Thurgood Marshall and declare October 2, 2017 to be Thurgood Marshall Day in Califor-nia’s 44th Congressional District: Whereas in 1940 while an attorney for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, Thurgood Marshall won the case of The State of Connecticut v. Joseph Spell, which helped lay the groundwork for the Civil Rights Movement to come; and Whereas Thurgood Marshall was the Chief Counsel in the case of Brown v. Board of Edu-cation in 1954, the landmark Supreme Court decision that declared state laws establishing segregated public schools to be unconstitu-tional; and Whereas the Honorable Thurgood Marshall, on October 2, 1967, became the first African- American appointed to serve on the Supreme Court of the United States of America; and Whereas date of October 2, 2017, marks the 50th anniversary of this historic achieve-ment; and Whereas the legacy of Thurgood Marshall continues to serve as an example and inspira-tion to both individuals and groups that con-tinue to fight for justice and equality for all throughout the United States of America: and Now therefore I declare and hereby recognize October 2, 2017 to be Thurgood Marshall Day in the 44th Congressional District of California. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO COLONEL CHRISTOPHER J. BARRON 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Colonel Christopher J. Barron upon his retirement from the Army Corps of Engineers. For 27 years, Colonel Barron had dedicated himself to serving our nation with the Army Corps of Engineers. Colonel Barron, a native of Goshen, New York, was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Corps of Engineers in 1991. His overseas deployments include combat, reconstruction, and peacekeeping missions in Somalia, Haiti, Macedonia, Bosnia, and Iraq. In his last assignment, Colonel Bar-ron served as District Commander of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in New England from July 31, 2014 to July 19, 2017. Prior to this post, Colonel Barron served as the U.S. Army War College’s Visiting Defense Fellow at Queen’s University in Ontario, Canada. While serving as District Commander of the New England District, Colonel Barron had many accomplishments including dredging projects, navigation improvement, flood risk management, and environmental restoration. It was an honor to work with him on a wide array of dredging projects in my district and across the Connecticut coastline, and I will certainly miss his knowledge of and passion for water resource programs in our area. He was always accessible and open to input from my office which I greatly appreciated. Please join me in congratulating my friend, Colonel Barron, on an impressive career of service with the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers, and wishing him a wonderful retire-ment. f 
IN HONOR OF PIEDMONT HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM’S 500TH WIN 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the 500th win of the Piedmont High School Foot-ball Team in Piedmont, Alabama. On December 1, 2016, Piedmont High School won the Alabama High School Athletic Association (AHSAA) Class 3A football state title for the second year in a row. The team’s very first win was over Cave Spring High School in October of 1924 under Coach J.O. Ogle. Piedmont High School’s football team has had two All-American players, over 100 All- State players and 215 All-County players with six alumni players who have been inducted into the Calhoun County Hall of Fame. Congratulations to Coach Steve Smith, the football team, Piedmont City Schools and all their loyal fans. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the 500th win by the Piedmont High School Football Team. Go Bulldogs. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE CARTHAGE LODGE 197 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate the Carthage Lodge 197 on its 150th birthday. On the 7th of October, members of this Freemason lodge will gather to celebrate this landmark occasion. The first organized Grand Lodge met in 1717 in England. Freemasonry has promoted a strong sense of pride, family values and in-tellectual development in its members over the centuries. Furthermore, Freemasonry has deep roots in the United States, with George Washington himself being initiated into Free-masonry in the year of 1752. Freemasonry has been part of Missouri and the city of Carthage for generations. The Grand Lodge of Missouri chartered a lodge in Carthage, Missouri in 1849. In 1861 this lodge was destroyed, but no one is exactly sure how this lodge was destroyed. Most likely it was destroyed in the Battle of Carthage during the Civil War. In 1867, former members of the previous lodge and other Freemasons gath-ered to organize for the chartering of a new lodge to be located in the city. The current Carthage Lodge 197 was granted its charter on October 19, 1867. Members of the lodge meet in this location to this very day. I am honored to recognize the 150 years of the Carthage Lodge 197 in southwest Mis-souri. This is truly a historical achievement. On behalf of Missouri’s 7th Congressional Dis-trict, I ask all my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the members of Carthage Lodge 197 on its 150th birthday. f 
HONORING MR. GORDON KLASNA ON BEING SELECTED MONTANA’S PRINCIPAL OF THE YEAR 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Gordon Klasna on his recent selection as the Montana Principal of the Year by the Montana Association of Secondary School Principals. Mr. Klasna has been principal of Lockwood’s Eileen Johnson Middle School since 2011. Founded in 1954, it provides an education to over 1,250 students. Mr. Klasna is passionate about educating Montana’s stu-dents and is a positive influence on his stu-dents. He is renowned as a hard worker who dedicates much of his time to his vocation. Mr. Klasna is a strong advocate for his school, serving on the School District 2 High School Trustee Board representing Lockwood. Teachers and students at Eileen Johnson Middle School describe Mr. Klasna as a gra-cious, polite public servant who demonstrates his passion to help students every day. During his tenure as principal, Mr. Klasna has encour-aged the growth of special elective courses to include robotics and journalism. I wish Mr. Klasna the very best as he works to continue the pattern of excellence at Eileen Johnson Middle School. He is a great example of an educator going the extra mile to help our children succeed. I ask that my colleagues join me today in congratulating Gordon Klasna on his outstanding achievement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC8.025 E02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1304 October 2, 2017 
EXPRESSING CONDOLENCES FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE SENSE-LESS MASS SHOOTING IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my condolences to the victims of the Las Vegas country music show mass shooting massacre. I offer my deepest condolences to those personally affected by this cowardly act, and call for the restoration of federal law banning the sale and purchase of assault weapons and large capacity ammunition feeding devices. On October 1, 2017 the deadliest mass shooting in the history of the United States oc-curred in Las Vegas, Nevada when, in a hei-nous act of terror and hatred, 58 persons were killed and 515 others were injured in a shoot-ing at an outdoor concert near the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas. Until yesterday, June 13, 2016 marked the deadliest mass shooting in the history of the United States in Orlando, Florida, when, in an-other heinous act of terror and hatred, 49 per-sons were killed at Pulse, a popular nightclub, meeting place, and sanctuary for Central Flor-ida’s vibrant and dynamic LGBTQ community; sadly, the Las Vegas mass shooting sur-passed that dreadful shooting in numbers of dead and injured. The horrifying events in Las Vegas on Sun-day night mark the 273rd mass shooting in the U.S. in the 275 days that have passed so far in 2017, according to Gun Violence Archive. Mass shootings are a near daily occurrence in America, but what happened in Las Vegas stands out: It was the deadliest such incident in U.S. history, with more than 58 killed and 515 injured. Including that massacre, the four deadliest U.S. mass shootings have occurred over the past 10 years. A mass shooting is defined by Gun Violence Archive as any incident in which four or more are shot and/or killed in a single event, at the same general time and location not including the shooter. Recent U.S. mass shootings include: 1. Las Vegas, 2017: 50+ killed 2. Orlando, 2016: 50 killed 3. Virginia Tech, 2007: 32 killed 4. Sandy Hook, 2012: 27 killed 5. San Ysirdo, 1984: 21 killed 6. San Bernadino, 2015: 14 killed 7. Edmond, 1986: 14 killed 8. Fort Hood, 2009: 13 killed 9. Columbine, 1999: 13 killed There have been more than 11,600 deaths linked to gun violence so far in 2017, which is roughly equivalent to nearly four 9/11 attacks in terms of the total number killed on Sep-tember 11, 2001. Comparatively, more than 15 thousand were killed by gun violence in 2016, and there were 383 mass shootings. It is horrifying to admit that gun violence now seems to be a staple of American life. The United States ranks No. 1 in the world in terms of firearms per capita—with 88.8 guns per 100 people—and it has the highest homicide-by-firearm rate in the developed world. The problem is so endemic that gun vio-lence is now the third leading cause of death for children in the U.S. An average of 1,297 children die annually from gun-related injuries. Guns are linked to roughly 33 thousand deaths in the U.S. per year; about two-thirds of them are suicides. According to Pew Research Center, a ma-jority of Americans (across partisan lines) sup-port gun policy proposals such as barring peo-ple with mental illnesses from buying guns; prohibiting gun purchases by people on fed-eral no-fly or watch lists; and background checks for private gun sales and sales at gun shows. The majority must cut its close ties to the powerful gun lobby to facilitate useful gun con-trol legislation necessary immediately. America has six times as many firearm homicides as Canada, and nearly 16 times as many as Germany. United Nations data shows that America far and away leads other developed countries when it comes to gun-related homicides. America has 4.4 percent of the world’s pop-ulation, but almost half of the civilian-owned guns around the world. In December 2012, a gunman walked into Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, and killed 20 children, six adults, and himself. Since then, there have been at least 1,518 mass shootings, with at least 1,715 people killed and 6,089 wounded. The fairly broad definition of ‘‘mass shoot-ing’’ includes not only shootings in which four or more people were murdered, but shootings in which four or more people were shot at all (excluding the shooter). Even under this broad definition, mass shootings make up a tiny portion of America’s firearm deaths, which totaled more than 33,000 in 2014. On average, there is more than one mass shooting for each day in America. Whenever a mass shooting occurs, sup-porters of gun rights often argue that it is inap-propriate to bring up political debates about gun control in the aftermath of a tragedy. For example, former Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal, a strong supporter of gun rights, criticized former President Barack Obama for ‘‘trying to score cheap political points’’ when Obama mentioned gun control after a mass shooting in Charleston, South Carolina. But if this argument is followed to its logical end, then it will never be the right time to dis-cuss mass shootings. Under the broader definition of mass shoot-ings, America has nearly one mass shooting a day. So if Congress is forced to wait for a time when there is not a mass shooting to talk gun control, Congress could find itself waiting for a very long time. States with more guns have more gun deaths. Within the United States, a wide array of empirical evidence indicates that more guns in a community leads to more homicide. Higher populations, more stress, more immi-grants, and more mental illness does not cor-relate with more gun deaths. States with tighter gun control laws have fewer gun-related deaths. A 2016 review of 130 studies in 10 coun-tries, published in Epidemiologic Reviews, found that new legal restrictions on owning and purchasing guns tended to be followed by a drop in gun violence—a strong indicator that restricting access to guns can save lives. The good news is that all firearm homicides, like all homicides and crime, have declined over the past two decades—although that may have changed in 2015 and 2016, with a recent rise in murders nationwide. There is still active debate among criminal justice experts about why this crime drop is occurring—but one theory that researchers have widely debunked is the idea that more guns have deterred crime—in fact, the oppo-site may be true, based on research compiled by the Harvard School of Public Health’s Injury Control Center. Although America’s political debate about guns tends to focus on grisly mass shootings and murders, a majority of gun-related deaths in the U.S. are suicides. Research that shows greater access to guns dramatically increases the risk of suicide. The states with the most guns report the most suicides. Perhaps the reason access to guns so strongly contributes to suicides is that guns are much deadlier than alternatives like cutting and poison. Reducing access to guns can be so impor-tant to preventing suicides: stalling an attempt or making it less likely to result in death makes a huge difference—it opens the oppor-tunity for someone to help or for the suicidal person to reach out to someone to help. That is why limiting access to lethal means is so powerful. Since police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, on August 9, 2014, police have killed at least 2,902 people as of May 2017. Given that states with more guns tend to have more homicides, it is not too surprising that, as a study in the American Journal of Public Health found, states with more guns also have more cops die in the line of duty. Researchers looked at federal data for fire-arm ownership and homicides of police offi-cers across the U.S. over 15 years. They found that states with more gun own-ership had more cops killed in homicides: Every 10 percent increase in firearm owner-ship correlated with 10 additional officers killed in homicides over the 15-year study period. The findings could help explain why U.S. police officers appear to kill more people than cops in other developed countries. For police officers, the higher rates of guns 
and gun violence in America means they not only will encounter more guns and violence, but they can expect to encounter more guns and deadly violence, making them more likely to anticipate and perceive a threat and use deadly force as a result. Over the past 20 years, Americans have clearly shifted from supporting gun control measures to greater support of ‘‘protecting the right of Americans to own guns.’’ This shift has happened even as major mass shootings, such as the attacks on Col-umbine High School and Sandy Hook Elemen-tary School, have received more press atten-tion. Although mass shootings are often viewed as some of the worst acts of gun violence, they seem to have little effect on public opin-ion about gun rights. That helps explain why Americans’ support for the right to own guns appears to be rising 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02OC8.031 E02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1305 October 2, 2017 
over the past 20 years even as more of these mass shootings make it to the news. Although Americans say they want to pro-tect the right to bear arms, they are very much supportive of many gun policy proposals—in-cluding some fairly contentious ideas, such as more background checks on private and gun show sales and banning semi-automatic and assault-style weapons. This type of contradiction is not exclusive to gun policy issues. For example, although most Americans in the past said they do not support Obamacare, but most of them also said they like the spe-cific policies in the health-care law. On average, 7 children and adolescents lose their lives to gun violence each day, 75 percent of which are under the age of 12 years old. So many people die annually from gun vio-lence in the United States that the death toll between 1968 and 2011 eclipses the total lives lost in all the armed conflicts in the his-tory of the United States. On June 7, 2015, a gunman shot and killed nine people at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church Charleston, South Carolina, one of the oldest and largest black congrega-tions in the South. On November 11, 2009, at Fort Hood, near Killeen, Texas, a gunman shot and killed 13 people, and wounded 30 others. On August 5, 2012 in Oak Creek, Wis-consin, a gunman shot and killed six people, and injured three others, at the Sikh Temple of Oak Creek. On July 7, 2015 in Chattanooga, Tennessee a gunman shot and killed five people, includ-ing two U.S. Marines and a Naval Officer, and shot and injured two others at a recruiting cen-ter and U.S. Naval Reserve Center. On December 2, 2015 in San Bernardino, California, two gunmen killed 14 people and injured 21 others at the Inland Regional Cen-ter. On December 14, 2012, a gunman mur-dered 26 persons, including 20 children and 6 school administrators and teachers, at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, Connecticut. On August 8, 2015, a gunman brutally mur-dered his ex-girlfriend and her six children and husband in one of the most notorious cases of domestic violence in the history of Houston, Texas. On April 16, 2007, a gunman killed 32 per-sons and injured 17 others at Virginia Poly-technic Institute and State University in Blacksburg, Virginia. Mass shootings occur more frequently in states that do not require background checks for all gun sales. Analyses of mass shootings in the United States between 2009 and 2015 document that the majority of mass shootings occur in venues where the carrying of firearm is not re-stricted. In states that require background checks for all handgun sales, including guns offered in unlicensed sales online and at gun shows, there are 52 percent fewer mass shootings. Congress must take action to prevent other incidents such as the recent act of terror and hatred in Las Vegas, Nevada that resulted in the tragic loss of 58 innocent lives. We extend our deepest sympathies to all those affected by this tragedy and recognize the skill and heroism of the law enforcement officers and first responders who came to the aid of others. We commend the efforts of those who are working to care for the injured and investigate this horrific incident. We extend our heartfelt condolences and prayers to the families of the fallen, and to all those affected in the community of Las Vegas and in the United States. And I pledge to continue to work to reduce gun violence and prevent mass shooting. 
f 
HONORING THE ANACOSTIA COORDINATING COUNCIL 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 2, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the Anacostia Coordinating Council (ACC) on its 25th anniversary and the retirement of its chairman Arrington Dixon, for his service to the ACC and the District of Co-lumbia. Arrington Dixon took his 25th boat ride down the Anacostia River while retiring as chair of the ACC on Saturday, September 30, 2017. A boatload of District of Columbia residents proudly celebrated the silver anniversary of the ACC boat ride and, particularly, the serv-ice of Arrington Dixon as chair of the ACC. Arrington Dixon has led not only the ACC, but also the ACC’s annual boat ride on the Anacostia River. This year’s boat ride provided a unique opportunity to celebrate Ward 8 and the one-of-a-kind fellowship offered by the boat ride. The boat ride also proudly celebrates its sponsoring organization, the ACC. The ACC has been deeply embedded in the life and work of the Ward 8 community since 1983, when it was founded to organize support for the Anacostia Metro. Arrington Dixon was born in Anacostia. Un-like many civic leaders, Arrington Dixon has held important elected offices in the District of Columbia. He was a member of the first D.C. Council of the District of Columbia (1978– 1979), representing Ward 4; chairman of the Council (1979–1983); and at-large member of the Council (1997). In 1995, he was appointed to the National Capital Planning Commission and remains on the Commission. After such distinguished service, most leaders often be-lieve they have done their work. However, Arrington Dixon has continued to serve without portfolio. His service as chair of the ACC is among his most notable civic achievements. He has built the ACC into a formidable organi-zation much-admired for its leadership and many contributions. Arrington Dixon’s decision to retire on the silver anniversary of the ACC boat ride offered an appropriate occasion to recognize his many distinguished contributions to his hometown and to his Anacostia community as well as the contributions of the ACC for its annual boat ride. Therefore, I ask the House of Representa-tives to join me in recognizing: Arrington Dixon for his outstanding official and civic contributions to the District of Colum-bia; The ACC for its civic and financial contribu-tions to the District of Columbia; and The silver anniversary of the ACC. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Oc-tober 3, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
OCTOBER 4 9 a.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine efforts to combat robocalls. SD–562 9:15 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To receive a closed briefing regarding or-dered departure of personnel from the U.S. Embassy in Havana, Cuba. SVC–217 9:30 a.m. Committee on Finance Business meeting to consider and origi-nal bill entitled, ‘‘Keep Kids’ Insurance Dependable and Secure (KIDS) Act of 2017’’. SD–215 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Equifax cybersecurity breach. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 1872, to authorize the programs of the Trans-portation Security Administration re-lating to transportation security, S. 1015, to require the Federal Commu-nications Commission to study the fea-sibility of designating a simple, easy- to-remember dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and men-tal health crisis hotline system, S. 1534, to direct the Federal Communica-tions Commission to amend its rules so as to prohibit the application to ama-teur stations of certain private land use restrictions, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘American Vision for Safer Transportation through Advancement of Revolutionary Technologies (AV START) Act’’, and the nominations of Ann Marie Buerkle, of New York, to be Chairman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, and to be a Com-missioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, Howard R. Elliott, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safe-ty Administration, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02OC8.032 E02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1306 October 2, 2017 
Transportation, and Walter G. Copan, of Colorado, to be Under Secretary for Standards and Technology, Timothy Gallaudet, of California, to be Assist-ant Secretary for Oceans and Atmos-phere, and David J. Redl, of New York, to be Assistant Secretary for Commu-nications and Information, all of the Department of Commerce. SH–216 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Michael Dourson, of Ohio, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances, and Matthew Z. Leopold, of Florida, David Ross, of Wisconsin, and William L. Wehrum, of Delaware, each to to be an Assistant Adminis-trator, all of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency, and Jeffery Martin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 146, to strengthen accountability for deploy-ment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, S. 1847, to amend the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 to ensure that the needs of children are considered in homeland security, trafficking, and disaster recovery planning, S. 1281, to establish a bug bounty pilot program within the Department of Homeland Security, S. 1769, to require a new or updated Federal website that is in-tended for use by the public to be mo-bile friendly, S. 1305, to provide U.S. Customs and Border Protection with adequate flexibility in its employment authorities, S. 1791, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allow-ance payable to a former President, S. 708, to improve the ability of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection to inter-dict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are illegally imported into the United States, H.R. 3210, to re-quire the Director of the National Background Investigations Bureau to submit a report on the backlog of per-sonnel security clearance investiga-tions, H.R. 70, to amend the Federal Advisory Committee Act to increase the transparency of Federal advisory committees, an original bill entitled, ‘‘TSA LEAP Pay Reform Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Direct Hire of Students and Recent Graduates Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Temporary and Term Appointments Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Voluntary Separation Incentive Pay-ment Adjustment Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘FITARA En-hancement Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Reporting Efficiently to Proper Officials in Response to Ter-rorism Act of 2017’’, an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Whistleblower Protection Co-ordination Act’’, and the nomination of John Marshall Mitnick, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Department of Homeland Security. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Stephanos Bibas, of Pennsyl-vania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Liles Clif-ton Burke, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Ala-bama, Michael Joseph Juneau, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina, Tilman Eugene Self III, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Georgia, and John C. Demers, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Depart-ment of Justice. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine pending nominations; to be immediately fol-lowed by a Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Ci-vilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues hearing to examine the future of Iraq’s minorities, focusing on what’s next after ISIS. SD–419 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Budget Business meeting to markup the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. SD–608 Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 943, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct an accurate comprehensive student count for the purposes of cal-culating formula allocations for pro-grams under the Johnson-O’Malley Act; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine Indian gaming, focusing on new issues and op-portunities for success in the next 30 years. SH–216 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology and the Law To hold hearings to examine Equifax, fo-cusing on continuing to monitor data- broker cybersecurity. SD–226 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Melissa Sue Glynn, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Enterprise Integration), Cheryl L. Mason, of Virginia, to be Chairman of the Board of Veterans’ Ap-peals, and Randy Reeves, of Mis-sissippi, to be Under Secretary for Me-morial Affairs, all of the Department of Veterans Affairs. SR–418 Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 3 p.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Cheryl Marie Stanton, of South Carolina, to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, and David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be As-sistant Secretary for Mine Safety and Health, both of the Department of Labor, and Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board. SD–430 OCTOBER 5 9:30 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Gregory Ibach, of Nebraska, to be Under Secretary for Marketing and Regulatory Programs, and William Northey, of Iowa, to be Under Sec-retary for Farm and Foreign Agricul-tural Services, both of the Department of Agriculture. SR–328A Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Paul Trombino III, of Wis-consin, to be Administrator of the Fed-eral Highway Administration, Depart-ment of Transportation. SD–406 10 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Jeffrey Gerrish, of Maryland, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Asia, Europe, the Mid-dle East, and Industrial Competitive-ness), Department of State, Gregory Doud, of Kansas, to be Chief Agricul-tural Negotiator, Office of the United States Trade Representative, and Jason Kearns, of Colorado, to be a Member of the United States Inter-national Trade Commission. SD–215 Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider S. 1118, to reauthorize the North Korea Human Rights Act of 2004, S. 832, to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of programs under the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the Millennium Challenge Corporation, S. Res. 245, calling on the Government of Iran to release unjustly detained United States citizens and legal perma-nent resident aliens, and S. Res. 211, condemning the violence and persecu-tion in Chechnya. SD–419 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the Federal response to the opioid crisis. SD–430 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Amy Coney Barrett, of Indi-ana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Joan Louise Larsen, of Michigan, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Cir-cuit, William L. Campbell, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, Thomas Lee Robinson Parker, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, Annemarie Car-ney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Ala-bama, Michael Lawrence Brown, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina, William M. Ray II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, to be an Assist-ant Attorney General, Robert M. Dun-can, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Kentucky for the term of four years, Charles E. Peeler, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Georgia for the term of four years, and Brian D. Schroder, to be United States Attorney for the District of Alaska, all of the Department of Justice. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M02OC8.000 E02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1307 October 2, 2017 
10:30 a.m. Committee on the Budget Business meeting to continue to markup the concurrent resolution on the budg-et for fiscal year 2018. SH–216 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine pending nominations. SD–419 OCTOBER 18 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Justice. SH–216 OCTOBER 25 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To receive a closed briefing on the major threats facing naval forces and the Navy’s current and planned capabili-ties to meet those threats. SVC–217 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M02OC8.000 E02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D1029 Monday, October 2, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6237–S6267 Measures Introduced: Five bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 1901–1905, and S. Res. 278.
                                                                        Page S6260 
Measures Passed: Marine Fish Conservation Statutes: Senate passed S. 396, to make technical amendments to cer-tain marine fish conservation statutes.
            Page S6263 
Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act: Committee on the Judiciary was dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 1616, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to au-thorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S6263–64 
McConnell (for Cornyn) Amendment No. 1109, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S6263 
Cissna Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consid-eration of the nomination of Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizen-ship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security.
                                                  Page S6250 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Wednesday, October 4, 2017.
                                                       Page S6250 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S6250 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, October 3, 2017.
                                                                        Pages S6264–65 
Hargan Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Eric D. Hargan, of Illinois, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services.                                                         Page S6251 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Lee Francis Cissna, of Mary-land, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Se-curity.
                                                                              Page S6251 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S6251 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S6251 
Quarles Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2004.
      Page S6251 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Eric D. Hargan, of Illinois, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
                                                                                            Page S6251 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S6251 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S6251 
Gingrich Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Callista L. Gingrich, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Holy See, De-partment of State.
                                                      Page S6251 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02OC7.REC D02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1030 October 2, 2017 
Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Randal Quarles, of Colorado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System for the unexpired term of four-teen years from February 1, 2004.
                    Page S6251 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S6251 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S6251 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 52 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. EX. 209), Ajit Varadaraj Pai, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission for a term of five years from July 1, 2016.
   Pages S6237–49, S6266–67 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Gregory E. Maggs, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces for the term of fifteen years to expire on the date prescribed by law. Diana Furchtgott-Roth, of Maryland, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Transportation. Nazakhtar Nikakhtar, of Maryland, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Commerce. Dennis M. Devaney, of Michigan, to be a Member of the United States International Trade Commission for a term expiring June 16, 2023. Randolph J. Stayin, of Virginia, to be a Member of the United States International Trade Commission for a term expiring June 16, 2026. Barry W. Ashe, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana. Daniel Desmond Domenico, of Colorado, to be United States District Judge for the District of Colo-rado. Stuart Kyle Duncan, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. 3 Army nominations in the rank of general. A routine list in the Foreign Service.        Page S6266 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6260 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S6260 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S6260 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S6260 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6260–61 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6261–62 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6258–60 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6262–63 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6263 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—209)
                                                                Page S6249 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:31 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Oc-tober 3, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6265.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Stephen Censky, of Missouri, to be Deputy Secretary, and Ted McKinney, of Indiana, to be Under Sec-retary for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs, both of the Department of Agriculture. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 19 pub-lic bills, H.R. 3894–3912; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. were introduced.
                                      Pages H7670–71 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7672–73 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2229, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board decisions re-lating to whistleblowers, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–337, Part 1); and H. Res. 548, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–338).        Page H7670 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Byrne to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H7639 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02OC7.REC D02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1031 October 2, 2017 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:02 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H7639 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:05 p.m. and recon-vened at 5 p.m.
                                                          Page H7640 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act of 2017: H.R. 2316, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act and the Energy Policy Act of 1992 to repeal provisions relating only to the Allegheny National Forest;
                                                                      Pages H7640–41 
Udall Park Land Exchange Completion Act: H.R. 1547, to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tuc-son, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by conveyance of the Federal reversionary interest to the City, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 401 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 544; 
                                                                Pages H7641–42, H7650–51 
Saint-Gaudens National Historical Park Redes-ignation Act: H.R. 965, amended, to redesignate the Saint-Gaudens National Historic Site as the ‘‘Saint-Gaudens National Historical Park’’, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 401 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 545;
                         Pages H7642–43, H7651 
Confirming State Land Grants for Education Act: H.R. 2582, amended, to authorize the State of Utah to select certain lands that are available for dis-posal under the Pony Express Resource Management Plan to be used for the support and benefit of State institutions;
                                                          Pages H7643–44 
Community Reclamation Partnerships Act: H.R. 2937, to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to authorize partnerships between States and nongovernmental entities for the purpose of reclaiming and restoring land and water resources adversely affected by coal mining activities before August 3, 1977; and
                         Pages H7645–46 
Guides and Outfitters Act: H.R. 289, amended, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to issue permits for recre-ation services on lands managed by Federal agencies. 
                                                                                    Pages H7646–50 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:51 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H7650 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment of silence in memory of the victims of the attack in Las Vegas.
                                                                      Page H7651 
Senate Referral: S. 770 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H7640 Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H7640, H7669. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H7650, H7651. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:39 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 36, the ‘‘Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protec-tion Act’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a closed rule for H.R. 36. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit. Testimony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte and Representative Cohen. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1026) 
H.R. 3819, to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. Signed on September 29, 2017. (Public Law 115–62) H.R. 3823, to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport im-provement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, to provide disaster tax relief. Signed on September 29, 2017. (Public Law 115–63) S. 1866, to provide the Secretary of Education with waiver authority for the reallocation rules and authority to extend the deadline by which funds have to be reallocated in the campus-based aid pro-grams under the Higher Education Act of 1965 due to Hurricane Harvey, Hurricane Irma, and Hurricane Maria, to provide equitable services to children and teachers in private schools. Signed on September 29, 2017. (Public Law 115–64) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02OC7.REC D02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1032 October 2, 2017 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the political and security situation in Afghanistan, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine Wells Fargo one year later, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the status of energy storage technologies, reviewing today’s technologies, and understanding inno-vation in tomorrow’s technologies, 10:30 a.m., SD–366. Subcommittee on Energy, to hold hearings to examine S. 186, to amend the Federal Power Act to provide that any inacation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion that allows a rate change to go into effect shall be treated as an order by the Commission for purposes of re-hearing and court review, S. 1059, to extend the author-ization of the Uranium Mill Tailings Radiation Control Act of 1978 relating to the disposal site in Mesa County, Colorado, S. 1337, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to make certain strategic energy infrastructure projects eligible for certain loan guarantees, S. 1457, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to direct the Sec-retary of Energy to carry out demonstration projects relat-ing to advanced nuclear reactor technologies to support domestic energy needs, S. 1799, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to facilitate the commercialization of energy and related technologies developed at Department of Energy facilities with promising commercial potential, and S. 1860 and H.R. 1109, bills to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine inter-national tax reform, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Kenneth Ian Juster, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of India, Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Larry Edward Andre, Jr., of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Djibouti, Peter Henry Barlerin, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Cameroon, Eric P. Whitaker, of Illinois, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Niger, Michael James Dodman, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Islamic Republic of Mauritania, Nina Maria Fite, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Angola, Daniel L. Foote, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Zam-bia, and David Dale Reimer, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mauritius, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Seychelles, all of the Department of State, 2 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the Every Student Succeeds Act, focusing on unleashing State innovation, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of John Mar-shall Mitnick, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, De-partment of Homeland Security, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Administration’s decision to end Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, 10 a.m., SH–216. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Defense Strategy in South Asia’’, 1 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Securing the Peace After the Fall of ISIL’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of the Equifax Data Breach: Answers for Consumers’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Patient Access to Investigational Drugs’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Part II: Powering America: Defining Reliability in a Trans-forming Electricity Industry’’, 2 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Sustainable Housing Finance: An Update from the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability’’, 12 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining DHS’s Cybersecurity Mission’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Online Sex Trafficking and the Communica-tions Decency Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 3400, the ‘‘Recreation Not Red- Tape Act’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Full Committee, begin markup on H.R. 210, the ‘‘Na-tive American Energy Act’’; H.R. 424, the ‘‘Gray Wolf State Management Act of 2017’’; H.R. 717, the ‘‘Listing Reform Act’’; H.R. 1274, the ‘‘State, Tribal and Local Species Transparency and Recovery Act’’; H.R. 1488, the ‘‘Indiana Dunes National Park Act’’; H.R. 2600, to pro-vide for the conveyance to the State of Iowa of the rever-sionary interest held by the United States in certain land in Pottawattamie County, Iowa, and for other purposes; H.R. 2603, the ‘‘SAVES Act’’; H.R. 2897, to authorize the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into cooperative management agreements for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the National Park System in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02OC7.REC D02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1033 October 2, 2017 the District of Columbia, and for other purposes; and H.R. 3131, the ‘‘Endangered Species Litigation Reason-ableness Act’’, 4 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Intergovernmental Affairs; and Sub-committee on Transportation and Protective Security of the House Committee on Homeland Security, joint hear-ing entitled ‘‘Innovations in Security: Examining the Use of Canines’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Information Technology, hearing en-titled ‘‘Cybersecurity of the Internet of Things’’, 2 p.m., 2247 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and set-ting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Resiliency: The Electric Grid’s Only Hope’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: Coast Guard Stakeholders’ Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine tax reform and entrepreneurship, 10 a.m., 1100, Long-worth Building. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold hearings to examine combating kleptocracy with incorpo-ration transparency, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of October 3 through October 6, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Im-migration Services, Department of Homeland Secu-rity. On Wednesday, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Lee Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security. Following disposition of the nomination of Lee Francis Cissna, Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Eric D. Hargan, of Illinois, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: October 5, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Greg-ory Ibach, of Nebraska, to be Under Secretary for Mar-keting and Regulatory Programs, and William Northey, of Iowa, to be Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Ag-ricultural Services, both of the Department of Agri-culture, 9:30 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Armed Services: October 3, to hold hearings to examine the political and security situation in Afghan-istan, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Octo- ber 3, to hold hearings to examine Wells Fargo one year later, 10 a.m., SD–538. October 4, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the Equifax cybersecurity breach, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on the Budget: October 4, business meeting to markup the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, 2:30 p.m., SD–608. October 5, Full Committee, business meeting to con-tinue to markup the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, 10:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Octo- ber 4, business meeting to consider S. 1872, to authorize the programs of the Transportation Security Administra-tion relating to transportation security, S. 1015, to re-quire the Federal Communications Commission to study the feasibility of designating a simple, easy-to-remember dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system, S. 1534, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to amend its rules so as to prohibit the application to amateur stations of certain private land use restrictions, an original bill en-titled, ‘‘American Vision for Safer Transportation through Advancement of Revolutionary Technologies (AV START) Act’’, and the nominations of Ann Marie Buerkle, of New York, to be Chairman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, and to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, Howard R. Elliott, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Depart-ment of Transportation, and Walter G. Copan, of Colo-rado, to be Under Secretary for Standards and Tech-nology, Timothy Gallaudet, of California, to be Assistant Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, and David J. Redl, of New York, to be Assistant Secretary for Communica-tions and Information, all of the Department of Com-merce, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: October 3, to hold hearings to examine the status of energy storage technologies, reviewing today’s technologies, and under-standing innovation in tomorrow’s technologies, 10:30 a.m., SD–366. October 3, Subcommittee on Energy, to hold hearings to examine S. 186, to amend the Federal Power Act to provide that any inacation by the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission that allows a rate change to go into effect shall be treated as an order by the Commission for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02OC7.REC D02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1034 October 2, 2017 purposes of rehearing and court review, S. 1059, to ex-tend the authorization of the Uranium Mill Tailings Ra-diation Control Act of 1978 relating to the disposal site in Mesa County, Colorado, S. 1337, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to make certain strategic energy infra-structure projects eligible for certain loan guarantees, S. 1457, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out demonstration projects relating to advanced nuclear reactor technologies to support domestic energy needs, S. 1799, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to facilitate the commer-cialization of energy and related technologies developed at Department of Energy facilities with promising commer-cial potential, and S. 1860 and H.R. 1109, bills to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: October 4, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Michael Dourson, of Ohio, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances, and Matthew Z. Leopold, of Florida, David Ross, of Wisconsin, and William L. Wehrum, of Delaware, each to to be an Assistant Administrator, all of the Environmental Protection Agency, and Jeffery Mar-tin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 10 a.m., SD–406. October 5, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Paul Trombino III, of Wisconsin, to be Administrator of the Federal Highway Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: October 3, to hold hearings to ex-amine international tax reform, 10 a.m., SD–215. October 4, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider and original bill entitled, ‘‘Keep Kids’ Insurance Dependable and Secure (KIDS) Act of 2017’’, 9:30 a.m., SD–215. October 5, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Jeffrey Gerrish, of Maryland, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Asia, Eu-rope, the Middle East, and Industrial Competitiveness), Department of State, Gregory Doud, of Kansas, to be Chief Agricultural Negotiator, Office of the United States Trade Representative, and Jason Kearns, of Colorado, to be a Member of the United States International Trade Commission, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: October 3, to hold hear-ings to examine the nomination of Kenneth Ian Juster, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of India, Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. October 3, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Larry Edward Andre, Jr., of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Djibouti, Peter Henry Barlerin, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Cameroon, Eric P. Whitaker, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Niger, Michael James Dodman, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Islamic Republic of Mauritania, Nina Maria Fite, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Angola, Daniel L. Foote, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Zambia, and David Dale Reimer, of Ohio, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Mauritius, and to serve con-currently and without additional compensation as Ambas-sador to the Republic of Seychelles, all of the Department of State, 2 p.m., SD–419. October 4, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing regarding ordered departure of personnel from the U.S. Embassy in Havana, Cuba, 9:15 a.m., SVC–217. October 4, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine pending nominations; to be immediately followed by a Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues hearing to examine the future of Iraq’s minorities, focusing on what’s next after ISIS, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. October 5, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider S. 1118, to reauthorize the North Korea Human Rights Act of 2004, S. 832, to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of programs under the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the Millennium Chal-lenge Corporation, S. Res. 245, calling on the Govern-ment of Iran to release unjustly detained United States citizens and legal permanent resident aliens, and S. Res. 211, condemning the violence and persecution in Chechnya, 10 a.m., SD–419. October 5, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine pending nominations, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Oc- tober 3, to hold hearings to examine the Every Student Succeeds Act, focusing on unleashing State innovation, 10 a.m., SD–430. October 4, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Cheryl Marie Stanton, of South Carolina, to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour Di-vision, and David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Mine Safety and Health, both of the Department of Labor, and Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board, 3 p.m., SD–430. October 5, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the Federal response to the opioid crisis, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: October 3, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of John Marshall Mitnick, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Department of Homeland Security, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. October 4, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider S. 146, to strengthen accountability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, S. 1847, to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to ensure that the needs of children are considered in homeland security, trafficking, and dis-aster recovery planning, S. 1281, to establish a bug boun-ty pilot program within the Department of Homeland Se-curity, S. 1769, to require a new or updated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mo-bile friendly, S. 1305, to provide U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection with adequate flexibility in its employ-ment authorities, S. 1791, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, S. 708, to improve the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02OC7.REC D02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1035 October 2, 2017 ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to inter-dict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are illegally imported into the United States, H.R. 3210, to require the Direc-tor of the National Background Investigations Bureau to submit a report on the backlog of personnel security clearance investigations, H.R. 70, to amend the Federal Advisory Committee Act to increase the transparency of Federal advisory committees, an original bill entitled, ‘‘TSA LEAP Pay Reform Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Direct Hire of Students and Recent Graduates Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Temporary and Term Appointments Act of 2017’’, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Voluntary Separation Incentive Payment Adjust-ment Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘FITARA Enhancement Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Reporting Efficiently to Proper Officials in Response to Terrorism Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Whis-tleblower Protection Coordination Act’’, and the nomina-tion of John Marshall Mitnick, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Department of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: October 4, business meet-ing to consider S. 943, to direct the Secretary of the Inte-rior to conduct an accurate comprehensive student count for the purposes of calculating formula allocations for pro-grams under the Johnson-O’Malley Act; to be imme-diately followed by an oversight hearing to examine In-dian gaming, focusing on new issues and opportunities for success in the next 30 years, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. Committee on the Judiciary: October 3, to hold an over-sight hearing to examine the Administration’s decision to end Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, 10 a.m., SH–216. October 4, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Stephanos Bibas, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Liles Clifton Burke, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Michael Joseph Ju-neau, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina, Tilman Eugene Self III, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Georgia, and John C. Demers, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. October 4, Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology and the Law, to hold hearings to examine Equifax, focusing on continuing to monitor data-broker cybersecurity, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. October 5, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Amy Coney Barrett, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Joan Louise Larsen, of Michigan, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, William L. Campbell, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, Thomas Lee Robinson Parker, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Mi-chael Lawrence Brown, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern Dis-trict of North Carolina, William M. Ray II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Geor-gia, Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, to be an Assistant At-torney General, Robert M. Duncan, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Kentucky for the term of four years, Charles E. Peeler, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Georgia for the term of four years, and Brian D. Schroder, to be United States Attorney for the District of Alaska, all of the De-partment of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: October 4, to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Melissa Sue Glynn, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Enterprise Integration), Cheryl L. Mason, of Virginia, to be Chairman of the Board of Veterans’ Appeals, and Randy Reeves, of Mississippi, to be Under Secretary for Memorial Affairs, all of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: October 3, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. October 4, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. October 5, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: October 4, to hold hearings to examine efforts to combat robocalls, 9 a.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, October 4, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3441, the ‘‘Save Local Business Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, October 4, Sub-committee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Air Quality Impacts of Wildfires: Perspectives of Key Stakeholders’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. October 5, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Powering America: Consumer-Oriented Perspectives on Improving the Nation’s Electricity Markets’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, October 4, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the SEC’s Agenda, Operations, and Budget’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. October 5, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the Equifax Data Breach’’, 9:15 a.m., 2128 Ray-burn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, October 4, Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘State Department’s Antiterrorism Assistance Program: The GAO Review’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. October 4, Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonprolifera-tion, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Iranian Backed Mili-tias: Destabilizing the Middle East’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Ray-burn. October 5, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Rohingya Crisis: U.S. Response to the Tragedy in Burma’’, 9 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02OC7.REC D02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1036 October 2, 2017 Committee on Homeland Security, October 4, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 3548, the ‘‘Border Security for America Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, October 4, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3711, the ‘‘Legal Workforce Act’’; and legislation on the Agricultural Guest worker Act, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, October 4, Full Com-mittee, continue markup on H.R. 210, the ‘‘Native American Energy Act’’; H.R. 424, the ‘‘Gray Wolf State Management Act of 2017’’; H.R. 717, the ‘‘Listing Re-form Act’’; H.R. 1274, the ‘‘State, Tribal and Local Spe-cies Transparency and Recovery Act’’; H.R. 1488, the ‘‘Indiana Dunes National Park Act’’; H.R. 2600, to pro-vide for the conveyance to the State of Iowa of the rever-sionary interest held by the United States in certain land in Pottawattamie County, Iowa, and for other purposes; H.R. 2603, the ‘‘SAVES Act’’; H.R. 2897, to authorize the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into cooperative management agreements for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the National Park System in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes; and H.R. 3131, the ‘‘Endangered Species Litigation Reason-ableness Act’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. October 4, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alas-ka Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 146, the ‘‘Eastern Band Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act’’; H.R. 2402, the ‘‘San Juan County Settlement Implementation Act’’; and H.R. 2606, the ‘‘Stigler Act Amendments of 2017’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, October 4, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘Powering Ex-ploration: An Update on Radioisotope Production and Lessons Learned from Cassini’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee On Small Business, October 4, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Small Business Tax Reform: Modernizing the Code for the Nation’s Job Creators’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. October 5, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Energy, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘High-Tech Agriculture: Small Firms on the Frontier of Agribusiness’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, October 4, Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century In-frastructure for America: Rail Stakeholders’ Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, October 4, Subcommittee on Oversight, hearing entitled ‘‘IRS Reform: Challenges to Modernizing IT Infrastructure’’, 9 a.m., 2020 Ray-burn. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: October 3, to hold hearings to examine tax reform and entrepreneurship, 10 a.m., 1100, Longworth Building. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: October 3, to hold hearings to examine combating kleptocracy with incorporation transparency, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02OC7.REC D02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST, Vol. 159, Pt. 4 D1037 October 2, 2017 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 163 reports have been filed in the Senate, 336 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through September 30, 2017 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 143 139 . . Time in session ................................... 863 hrs., 50 ′ 622 hrs., 47′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 6,235 7,638 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,295 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 18 46 64 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 297 476 773 Senate bills .................................. 77 16 . . House bills .................................. 34 308 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 8 6 . . House joint resolutions ............... 15 19 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 7 6 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 6 10 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 150 111 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *220 *331 551 Senate bills .................................. 170 1 . . House bills .................................. 24 248 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 2 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 4 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 24 76 . . Special reports ..................................... 13 5 . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 162 92 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 2,240 4,640 6,880 Bills ............................................. 1,890 3,893 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 49 117 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 24 83 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 277 547 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 3 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 208 230 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 312 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through September 30, 2017 
Civilian nominations, totaling 457, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 162 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 262 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 33 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 715, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 699 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 16 Air Force nominations, totaling 5,457, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 5,436 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 21 Army nominations, totaling 5,513, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 5,503 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 10 Navy nominations, totaling 2,842, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 2,840 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 2 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,313, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,313 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 16,297 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 15,953 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 311 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 33 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D02OC7.REC D02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1038 October 2, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, October 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Francis Cissna, of Maryland, to be Director of United States Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services, Department of Homeland Security. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, October 3 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 36—Pain- Capable Unborn Child Protection Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barraga´n, Nanette Diaz, Calif., E1303 Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E1298 Bishop, Mike, Mich., E1297 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1302, E1302 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1299 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1300 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E1302 Cook, Paul, Calif., E1302 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1303 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E1301, E1302 Fleischmann, Charles J. ‘‘Chuck’’, Tenn., E1297 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1300 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E1303 Grijalva, Rau´l M., Ariz., E1299, E1302 Harper, Gregg, Miss., E1297 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E1301 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1299 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1304 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1298 Larson, John B., Conn., E1299 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1298 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1301 Long, Billy, Mo., E1303 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1300 McMorris Rogers, Cathy, Wash., E1299 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1305 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E1297 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1303 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1298 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1300 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1301 Wagner, Ann, Mo., E1299 Walz, Timothy J., Minn., E1297 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Oct 03, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D02OC7.REC D02OCPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST