Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Trenton Fire Department on the 90th Anniversary of its founding. The Trenton Fire Department has provided important fire prevention and lifesaving services to the City of Trenton and the surrounding communities. Founded in 1927 to replace the previous all volunteer system, the Trenton Fire Department initially consisted of seven fulltime firemen and one pumper truck. Since its inception, the Department has grown and expanded to accommodate the increased size and needs of the community. Today, the Fire Department has 29 personnel, three fire trucks and two Advanced Life Support ambulances housed in two stations that operate 24 hours a day. These resources help the department serve the approximately 2,500 calls for help that it receives each year with an onscene response time of less than four minutes. The Trenton Fire Department is also a member of the Downriver Mutual Aid Group, which offers surrounding communities emergency assistance in times of need. The Trenton Fire Department’s effectiveness plays a critical role in keeping the Trenton community safe from fires, hazards and other emergencies. In addition to its emergency services, the department has engaged in communitybased initiatives to further protect the wellbeing of Trenton residents. These include offering free smoke detectors to residents on fixed incomes, as well as operating the Trenton Firefighters Charity Organization, which provides financial support to over 100 organizations that serve the community. Collectively, these efforts have had a tremendous impact in keeping Trenton and its residents safe from danger. It is my hope that the Trenton Fire Department continues its outstanding legacy of public service and care for the sick and injured in Trenton and the surrounding areas. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Trenton Fire Department on the 90th Anniversary of its establishment. The Trenton Fire Department’s wide spectrum of services are key to protecting public health and providing emergency support to the city. 
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize United States Navy Captain Mike Steffen and his leadership as the 11th Commanding Officer of Naval Air Station Fort Worth Joint Reserve Base, which is located in the 12th District of Texas that I represent. Over his naval career, Captain Steffen has served numerous deployments overseas—including two combat tours conducting special operations forward deployed in Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, and earned a number of decorations for his service. In August 2015, I was pleased to speak at the ceremony when he assumed command of Naval Air Station Fort Worth Joint Reserve Base, Texas. Captain Steffen has since worked tirelessly to grow the base and ensure it fully supports the Army, Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps commands to help them prepare for deployment around the world in these dangerous times. He has also done an excellent job of fostering a spirit of collaboration to make sure the base and the communities surrounding it grow and thrive. Fort Worth is proud of our nation’s military and proud of our base. It’s in our genes since the city started as a fort. Like Captain Steffen says whenever the roar of a fighter jet is heard overhead, ‘‘Texans love the sound of freedom.’’ Captain Steffen will be turning over command of Naval Air Station Fort Worth Joint Reserve Base this month on new orders. He will leave the base wellpositioned for the future. On behalf of the people of the 12th Congressional District of Texas, I wish him and his family fair winds and following seas. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BOY SCOUT TROOP 1721 ON THE 90TH ANNIVERSARY OF ITS FOUNDING 
Mrs. DlNGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Boy Scout Troop 1721 on the 90th anniversary of its founding. Since its establishment, Boy Scout Troop 1721 has served the Downriver area through its community service projects and the activism of its members. Founded in 1927 as Boy Scout Troop TN– 1, Troop 1721 has compiled an outstanding record of service and engagement with Trenton and the surrounding areas. The troop holds regular food drives and collections for nearby food pantries through its Scouting for Food initiative and other events. Additionally, the troop has completed projects including the installation of bat houses at the International Wildlife Refuge, as well as seating and sign upgrades at the cultural center. The troop has also excelled at leadership development, with 126 Boy Scouts receiving Eagle Scout awards since 1962. The Troop 1721 adult leaders have also been recognized for their service, with several receiving the District Award of Merit and Silver Beaver award. As the oldest troop operating in Downriver, Troop 1721 has played a key role in providing area youth with leadership opportunities while teaching them skills that will serve them throughout their lives. The troop has also maintained a partnership with the Exchange Club of Trenton, a service organization that helps with events like ChristNet and Veterans Matter. Through this collaborative effort, troop members have received mentoring opportunities while providing community service to local organizations and nonprofits in need. It is my hope that Troop 4 continues to serve as a model for activism and helps inspire leadership and a spirit of service in the community in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Trenton’s Boy Scout Troop 1721 on the 90th anniversary of its founding. The troop has played an important role in the growth and development of the City of Trenton and inspired a new generation of young leaders. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE EXCHANGE CLUB OF TRENTON ON THE 90TH ANNIVERSARY OF ITS FOUNDING 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Exchange Club of Trenton on the 90th anniversary of its founding. The club has provided outstanding support to service projects and community initiatives since its establishment. Founded in 1927, the Exchange Club of Trenton began as a professional gathering of prominent businessmen in the Trenton area and has since evolved into a community organization that provides funding and support to a variety of different causes active in the city. The organization raises money through an annual spaghetti dinner, as well as other events like a 5K run and comedy night. Using these funds, the Exchange Club assists a multitude of initiatives to improve the Trenton area. These include supporting child abuse prevention services, as well as activities including an AdoptaHighway cleanup program on Fort Street and helping organize the Memorial Day and Christmas parades in the city. Additionally, the Exchange Club also works with Boy Scout Troop 1721 to provide community service and leadership opportunities for troop members. The Exchange Club of Trenton has been instrumental in helping the Trenton community grow and develop over the past 90 years. By bringing together local leaders and concerned citizens, the Exchange Club has not only provided an important forum to discuss solutions to issues facing the Trenton area, but also helped drive action to make the city a better place to live and work. The Exchange Club of Trenton’s longevity and record of success are testaments to the great work that it has done, 
and it is my hope that the organization continues to build on these achievements in the years ahead. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Exchange Club of Trenton on its 90th anniversary. The Exchange Club has successfully supported important local initiatives in Trenton since its founding. 
APRIL 26 9:30 a.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine democracy and human rights abuses in Russia. SD–124 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine reopening the American frontier, focusing on reducing regulatory barriers and expanding American free enterprise in space. SR–253 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 652, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hardofhearing newborns, infants, and young children, S. 849, to support programs for mosquitoborne and other vectorborne disease surveillance and control, an original bill entitled, ‘‘National Clinical Care Commission Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act’’, and the nomination of Scott Gottlieb, of Connecticut, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine duplication, waste, and fraud in Federal programs. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Amul R. Thapar, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, and Makan Delrahim, of California, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice. SD–226 Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship To hold hearings to examine the challenges and opportunities of running a small business in rural America. SR–428A Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Courtney Elwood, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency. SD–106 10:15 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the technical, scientific, and legal basis of the Waters of the United States Rule. SD–406 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine a review of National Guard and Reserve programs and readiness. SD–192 1:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Tulinabo Salama Mushingi, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Senegal, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of GuineaBissau, and Todd Philip Haskell, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of the Congo, both of the Department of State. SD–419 APRIL 27 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine United States Pacific Command and United States Forces Korea. SD–G50 9:45 a.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine aging without community, focusing on the consequences of isolation and loneliness. SH–216 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine countering Russia, focusing on further assessing options for sanctions. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine H.R. 339, to amend Public Law 94–241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Islands. SD–366 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine preventing veteran suicide. SD–124 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters. SH–219 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity To hold hearings to examine cyberenabled information operations. SR–222 MAY 2 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold an oversight hearing to examine federal payments to local governments provided through the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self Determination Act and the Payment in Lieu of Taxes program and the need to provide greater fiscal certainty for resourcedependent communities with taxexempt federal lands. SD–366 MAY 3 10 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To hold hearings to examine Department of Defense laboratories and their contributions to military operations and readiness. SR–222 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Multilateral International Development, Multilateral Institutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Policy To hold hearings to examine global philanthropy and remittances and international development. SD–419 MAY 4 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine the threat posed by electromagnetic pulse and policy options to protect energy infrastructure and to improve capabilities for adequate system restoration. SD–366 
Senate confirmed the nomination of Sonny Perdue, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Agriculture. 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2473–S2498 Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and three resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 912–924, and S. Res. 135–137.
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Summary of Legislative and Oversight Activities During the 114th Congress’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–33) S. 188, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Government. (S. Rept. No. 115–28) S. 500, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security related to food, agriculture, and veterinary defense against terrorism. (S. Rept. No. 115–29) S. 576, to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protections against prohibited personnel practices. (S. Rept. No. 115–30) H.R. 274, to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Government business. (S. Rept. No. 115–31) H.R. 366, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in managing the Department’s vehicle fleet, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–32)
Appointments: Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance: The Chair, on behalf of the Majority and Democratic Leaders of the Senate and the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, pursuant to Section 301 of Public Law 104–1, as amended by Public Law 108–349, Public Law 114–6, and as further amended by Public Law 115–19, announced the joint reappointment of the following individuals as members of the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance: Barbara Childs Wallace of Mississippi, Alan V. Friedman of California, Susan S. Robfogel of New York, Barbara L. Camens of the District of Columbia, and Roberta L. Holzwarth of Illinois.                                                                                     Pages S2496–97 
Acosta Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration the nomination of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor.
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General.
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Senate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legislative Session.
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Executive Session to consider the nomination.
Rosenstein Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General.
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 92 yeas to 6 nays (Vote No. 113), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
A unanimousconsent agreement was reached providing for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, April 25, 2017, with the time until 12:30 p.m., equally divided in the usual form; and that all time during adjournment, recess, morning business and Leader remarks count postcloture on the nomination.
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the following nomination: By 87 yeas 11 nays, 1 responding present (Vote No. EX. 112), Sonny Perdue, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Agriculture.
Nominations Received: Senate received the following nominations: Elaine McCusker, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense. Adam Lerrick, of Wyoming, to be a Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury. Brent James McIntosh, of Michigan, to be General Counsel for the Department of the Treasury. David James Glawe, of Iowa, to be Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, Department of Homeland Security. Vishal J. Amin, of Michigan, to be Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator, Executive Office of the President. Noel J. Francisco, of the District of Columbia, to be Solicitor General of the United States. 3 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 45 Army nominations in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Army, Marine Corps, and Navy.                                                                       Pages S2497–98 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—113)
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and adjourned at 6:53 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, April 25, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2497.) 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 1 public bill, H.R. 2115; was introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1372, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to ensure that the needs of children are considered in homeland security planning, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–92, Part 1); and H.R. 1694, to require additional entities to be subject to the requirements of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Freedom of Information Act), and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–93).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Comstock to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Vincent DeRosa, St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church, Washington, DC. 
                                                                                            Page H2815 Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yeaandnay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and adjourned at 12:02 p.m. 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D414) 
H.J. Res. 43, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by Secretary of Health and Human Services relating to compliance with title X requirements by project recipients in selecting subrecipients. Signed on April 13, 2017. (Public Law 115–23) 
H.J. Res. 67, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by qualified State political subdivisions for nongovernmental employees. Signed on April 13, 2017. (Public Law 115–24) H.R. 353, to improve the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of investment on affordable and attainable advances in observational, computing, and modeling capabilities to support substantial improvement in weather forecasting and prediction of high impact weather events, to expand commercial opportunities for the provision of weather data. Signed on April 18, 2017. (Public Law 115–25) S. 544, to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to modify the termination date for the Veterans Choice Program. Signed on April 19, 2017. (Public Law 115–26) S.J. Res. 30, providing for the reappointment of Steve Case as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. Signed on April 19, 2017. (Public Law 115–27) S.J. Res. 35, providing for the appointment of Michael Govan as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. Signed on April 19, 2017. (Public Law 115–28) S.J. Res. 36, providing for the appointment of Roger W. Ferguson as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. Signed on April 19, 2017. (Public Law 115–29) 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, to hold hearings to examine United States assistance for Egypt, 2:15 p.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine policy and strategy in the AsiaPacific, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider an original resolution waiving certain provisions of the Trade Act of 1974 relating to the appointment of the United States Trade Representative, and the nomination of Robert Lighthizer, of Florida, to be United States Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to examine the crisis in Libya, focusing on next steps and United States policy options, 9:45 a.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine intellectual property, focusing on making our lives healthier, safer, and more productive, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1694, the ‘‘Fannie and Freddie Open Records Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1695, the ‘‘Register of Copyrights Selection and Accountability Act of 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of April 25 through April 28, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General, postcloture. Upon disposition of the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor. During the balance of the week, Senate may consider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
Committee on Appropriations: April 25, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, to hold hearings to examine United States assistance for Egypt, 2:15 p.m., SD–124. April 26, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hearings to examine a review of National Guard and Reserve programs and readiness, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. April 27, Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine preventing veteran suicide, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: April 25, to hold hearings to examine policy and strategy in the AsiaPacific, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. April 27, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine United States Pacific Command and United States Forces Korea, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. April 27, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, to hold hearings to examine cyberenabled information operations, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: April 27, to hold hearings to examine countering Russia, focusing on further assessing options for sanctions, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: April 26, to hold hearings to examine reopening the American frontier, focusing on reducing regulatory barriers and expanding American free enterprise in space, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Appropriations, April 26, Subcommittee on Defense, oversight hearing on U.S. Pacific Command, 1:30 p.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. Committee on Armed Services, April 26, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Military Assessment of the Security Challenges in the IndoAsiaPacific Region’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. April 26, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Creating a Flexible and Effective Information Technology Management and Acquisition System: Elements for Success in a Rapidly Changing Landscape’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. April 27, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. April 27, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘PostTraumatic Stress Disorder/Traumatic Brain Injury’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. April 28, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Amphibious Warfare in a Contested Environment’’, 8 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, April 26, Full Committee, markup of H.R. 1180, the ‘‘Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. April 27, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening Accreditation to Better Protect Students and Taxpayers’’ 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, April 26, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing on ‘‘Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. April 27, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Outdoor Recreation: Vast Impact of the Great Outdoors’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, April 26, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘A Legislative Proposal to Create Hope and Opportunity for Investors, Consumers, and Entrepreneurs’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. April 27, Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance, hearing entitled ‘‘Safeguarding the Financial System from Terrorist Financing’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, April 26, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Questionable Case for Easing Sudan Sanctions’’, 2:30 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. April 26, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘China’s Technological Rise: Challenges to U.S. Innovation and Security’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: April 26, to hold hearings to examine democracy and human rights abuses in Russia, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, April 25 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General, postcloture. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Tuesday, April 25 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of the following measures under suspension of the Rules: (1) H. Con. Res. 35—Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition; (2) H. Con. Res. 36—Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby; (3) H.R. 455—To designate the United States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse’’; (4) S. 496—To repeal the rule issued by the Federal Highway Administration and the Federal Transit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Coordination and Planning Area Reform’’; (5) H.R. 876—Aviation Employee Screening and Security Enhancement Act of 2017; (6) H.R. 1372—Homeland Security for Children Act; (7) H.R. 534—U.S. Wants to Compete for a World Expo Act; and (8) H. Res. 187—Relating to efforts to respond to the famine in South Sudan. 
HOUSE Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E521, E521, E521 Granger, Kay, Tex., E521 