Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, February 2, 2017, Gainesville, Florida, and the State of Florida lost a favorite son in Mr. Perry C. McGriff. Perry was an icon in my hometown of Gainesville, Florida, and was known for his strong civic duty in helping people wherever and whenever they needed it. Perry was born in Arcadia, Florida, in 1937, and went to school at the University of Florida, where he became an allstar standout in both Gators football and baseball. His contributions on the field earned him entry into the prestigious Hall of Fame as a Gators Great in 1969. Perry was married to his wife, Noel, for 57 years, raised four children—Jana, Mark, Keith, and Matthew—and enjoyed the joy and laugher of their 15 grandchildren. A tremendous family man, Perry was also successful in business. He was an insurance agent for 48 years. He had the honor of being the youngest person ever elected as mayor of Gainesville, and he was a representative for the State of Florida. He was a tireless volunteer and doer in Gainesville, receiving countless awards and recognition for his community service. Two of those particularly stick out to me. He received the first ever Ethics in Business Award and the Service Above Self Award, given by the Gainesville Rotary for his lifetime of service. In addition to his time, Perry donated more than 60 gallons of blood and set an example for all to follow. For all the things Perry was and all the good things Perry did, I will always remember him most for his smile, his great attitude, and his notorious reputation to have his camera at the ready. He was always snapping pictures of people enjoying life and making sure to send to each individual a copy so they could remember the happy moments in the life that he captured. To Noel and the McGriff family, thank you for sharing Perry’s time. Thank you for sharing your husband and father with all of us. We will miss him forever, but we will never forget Perry. All of us, the city of Gainesville, the State of Florida, and I are all better for having known Perry. 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, this past weekend, North Korea said it had successfully completed the launch of a new ballistic missile. The Pukguksong 2, a mediumrange ballistic missile, was testfired on Sunday. The actions by the North Korean regime are unacceptable and in clear violation of the U.N. Security Council. It is imperative that the U.S. stand strong with Japan, South Korea, and all of our allies in the region against the provocative and threatening actions of the North Korean totalitarian regime. It is a regime that is determined to thumb their nose at the world by advancing their nuclear capabilities, thus threatening their neighbors, the region, and for that matter, the world. The United States and its world partners must continue to persuade North Korea to adhere to the U.N. Security Council resolutions or they choose to invite worldwide sanctions upon them. This is North Korea’s decision and nobody else’s. f 
CORETTA SCOTT KING LETTER TO SENATE JUDICIARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a letter and statement by Coretta Scott King from March 19, 1986. 
THEMARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. CENTER FOR NONVIOLENT SOCIAL  CHANGE , INC., Atlanta, GA, March 19, 1986. Re Nomination of Jefferson B. Sessions, U.S. Judge, Southern District of Alabama Hearing, March 13, 1986. Hon. STROM THURMOND , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. DEAR SENATOR THURMOND : I write to express my sincere opposition to the confirmation of Jefferson B. Sessions as a federal district court judge for the Southern District of Alabama. My professional and personal roots in Alabama are deep and lasting. Anyone who has used the power of his office as 
United States Attorney to intimidate and chill the free exercise of the ballot by citizens should not be elevated to our courts. Mr. Sessions has used the awesome powers of his office in a shabby attempt to intimidate and frighten elderly black voters. For this reprehensible conduct, he should not be rewarded with a federal judgeship. I regret that a longstanding commitment prevents me from appearing in person to testify against this nominee. However, I have attached a copy of my statement opposing Mr. Sessions’ confirmation and I request that my statement as well as this letter be made a part of the hearing record. I do sincerely urge you to oppose the confirmation of Mr. Sessions. Sincerely, CORETTA SCOTT KING. 
STATEMENT OF CORETTA SCOTT KING ON THE  NOMINATION OF JEFFERSON BEAUREGARD  SESSIONS FOR THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT  COURT , SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA — SENATE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE , THURSDAY , MARCH 13, 1986 MR. CHAIRMAN AND MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE : Thank you for allowing me this opportunity to express my strong opposition to the nomination of Jefferson Sessions for a federal district judgeship for the Southern District of Alabama. My longstanding commitment which I shared with my husband, Martin, to protect and enhance the rights of Black Americans, rights which include equal access to the democratic process, compels me to testify today. Civil rights leaders, including my husband and Albert Turner, have fought long and hard to achieve free and unfettered access to the ballot box. Mr. Sessions has used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens in the district he now seeks to serve as a federal judge. This simply cannot be allowed to happen. Mr. Sessions’ conduct as U.S. Attorney, from his politicallymotivated voting fraud prosecutions to his indifference toward criminal violations of civil rights laws, indicates that he lacks the temperament, fairness and judgment to be a federal judge. The Voting Rights Act was, and still is, vitally important to the future of democracy in the United States. I was privileged to join Martin and many others during the Selma to Montgomery march for voting rights in 1965. Martin was particularly impressed by the determination to get the franchise of blacks in Selma and neighboring Perry County. As he wrote, ‘‘Certainly no community in the history of the Negro struggle has responded with the enthusiasm of Selma and her neighboring town of Marion. Where Birmingham depended largely upon students and unemployed adults [to participate in nonviolent protest of the denial of the franchise], Selma has involved fully 10 per cent of the Negro population in active demonstrations, and at least half the Negro population of Marion was arrested on one day.’’ Martin was referring of course to a group that included the defendants recently prosecuted for assisting elderly and illiterate blacks to exercise that franchise. In fact, Martin anticipated from the depth of their commitment twenty years ago, that a united political organization would remain in Perry County long after the other marchers had left. This organization, the Perry County Civic League, started by Mr. Turner, Mr. Hogue, and others, as Martin predicted, continued ‘‘to direct the drive for votes and other rights.’’ In the years since the Voting Rights Act was passed, Black Americans in Marion, Selma and elsewhere have made important strides in their struggle to participate actively in the electoral process. The number of Blacks registered to vote in key Southern states has doubled since 1965. This would not have been possible without the Voting Rights Act. However, Blacks still fall far short of having equal participation in the electoral process. Particularly in the South, efforts continue to be made to deny Blacks access to the polls, even where Blacks constitute the majority of the voters. It has been a long up hill struggle to keep alive the vital legislation that protects the most fundamental right to vote. A person who has exhibited so much hostility to the enforcement of those laws, and thus, to the exercise of those rights by Black people should not be elevated to the federal bench. The irony of Mr. Sessions’ nomination is that, if confirmed, he will be given life tenure for doing with a federal prosecution what the local sheriffs accomplished twenty years ago with clubs and cattle prods. Twenty years ago, when we marched from Selma to Montgomery, the fear of voting was real, as the broken bones and bloody heads in Selma and Marion bore witness. As my husband wrote at the time, ‘‘it was not just a sick imagination that conjured up the vision of a public official, sworn to uphold the law, who forced an inhuman march upon hundreds of Negro children; who ordered the Rev. James Bevel to be chained to his sickbed; who clubbed a Negro woman registrant, and who callously inflicted repeated brutalities and indignities upon nonviolent Negroes peacefully petitioning for their constitutional right to vote.’’ Free exercise of voting rights is so fundamental to American democracy that we can not tolerate any form of infringement of those rights. Of all the groups who have been disenfranchised in our nation’s history, none has struggled longer or suffered more in the attempt to win the vote than Black citizens. No group has had access to the ballot box denied so persistently and intently. Over the past century, a broad array of schemes have been used in attempts to block the Black vote. The range of techniques developed with the purpose of repressing black voting rights run the gamut from the straightforward application of brutality against black citizens who tried to vote to such legalized frauds as ‘‘grandfather clause’’ exclusions and rigged literacy tests. The actions taken by Mr. Sessions in regard to the 1984 voting fraud prosecutions represent just one more technique used to intimidate Black voters and thus deny them this most precious franchise. The investigations into the absentee voting process were conducted only in the Black Belt counties where blacks had finally achieved political power in the local government. Whites had been using the absentee process to their advantage for years, without incident. Then, when Blacks, realizing its strength, began to use it with success, criminal investigations were begun. In these investigations, Mr. Sessions, as U.S. Attorney, exhibited an eagerness to bring to trial and convict three leaders of the Perry County Civic League including Albert Turner despite evidence clearly demonstrating their innocence of any wrongdoing. Furthermore, in initiating the case, Mr. Sessions ignored allegations of similar behavior by whites, choosing instead to chill the exercise of the franchise by blacks by his misguided investigation. In fact, Mr. Sessions sought to punish older black civil rights activists, advisors and colleagues of my husband, who had been key figures in the civil rights movement in the 1960’s. These were persons who, realizing the potential of the absentee vote among Blacks, had learned to use the process within the bounds of legality and had taught others to do the same. The only sin they committed was being too successful in gaining votes. The scope and character of the investigations conducted by Mr. Sessions also warrant grave concern. Witnesses were selectively chosen in accordance with the favorability of their testimony to the government’s case. Also, the prosecution illegally withheld from the defense critical statements made by witnesses. Witnesses who did testify were pressured and intimidated into submitting the ‘‘correct’’ testimony. Many elderly blacks were visited multiple times by the FBI who then hauled them over 180 miles by bus to a grand jury in Mobile when they could more easily have testified at a grand jury twenty miles away in Selma. These voters, and others, have announced they are now never going to vote again. I urge you to consider carefully Mr. Sessions’ conduct in these matters. Such a review, I believe, raises serious questions about his commitment to the protection of the voting rights of all American citizens and consequently his fair and unbiased judgment regarding this fundamental right. When the circumstances and facts surrounding the indictments of Al Turner, his wife, Evelyn, and Spencer Hogue are analyzed, it becomes clear that the motivation was political, and the result frightening—the widescale chill of the exercise of the ballot for blacks, who suffered so much to receive that right in the first place. Therefore, it is my stronglyheld view that the appointment of Jefferson Sessions to the federal bench would irreparably damage the work of my husband, Al Turner, and countless others who risked their lives and freedom over the past twenty years to ensure equal participation in our democratic system. The exercise of the franchise is an essential means by which our citizens ensure that those who are governing will be responsible. My husband called it the number one civil right. The denial of access to the ballot box ultimately results in the denial of other fundamental rights. For, it is only when the poor and disadvantaged are empowered that they are able to participate actively in the solutions to their own problems. We still have a long way to go before we can say that minorities no longer need be concerned about discrimination at the polls. Blacks, Hispanics, Native Americans and Asian Americans are grossly underrepresented at every level of government in America. If we are going to make our timeless dream of justice through democracy a reality, we must take every possible step to ensure that the spirit and intent of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and the Fifteenth Amendment of the Constitution is honored. The federal courts hold a unique position in our constitutional system, ensuring that minorities and other citizens without political power have a forum in which to vindicate their rights. Because of this unique role, it is essential that the people selected to be federal judges respect the basic tenets of our legal system: respect for individual rights and a commitment to equal justice for all. The integrity of the Courts, and thus the rights they protect, can only be maintained if citizens feel confident that those selected as federal judges will be able to judge with fairness others holding differing views. I do not believe Jefferson Sessions possesses the requisite judgment, competence, and sensitivity to the rights guaranteed by the federal civil rights laws to qualify for appointment to the federal district court. Based on his record, I believe his confirmation would have a devastating effect on not only the judicial system in Alabama, but also on the progress we have made everywhere toward fulfilling my husband’s dream that he envisioned over twenty years ago. I therefore urge the Senate Judiciary Committee to deny his confirmation. 
I thank you for allowing me to share my views. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, last Tuesday, Senator ELIZABETH WARREN  sought to bring to the attention of the Senate some material about an Attorney General nominee, Senator Jeff Sessions. She was silenced. She persisted. Ultimately, the RECORD of the Senate does not reflect the remarks she was trying to give. In particular, Senator WARREN was trying to bring to the attention of the Senate a statement and letter of Coretta Scott King from 1986. In 1986, then Jefferson B. Sessions was a U.S. Attorney, a Federal prosecutor who had been appointed for a position as a U.S. district judge. At that time, Coretta Scott King wrote to the thenchair of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Senator Strom Thurmond. While the Senate may not entertain these remarks and while the Senate may stifle a United States Senator, this is the people’s House and it is appropriate that the RECORD of this House, at least, reflect the comments of Coretta Scott King. So I would like to use the time remaining to read her cover letter from March 13, 1986, and to read excerpts from the statement she attached to it. ‘‘Dear Senator Thurmond: ‘‘I write to express my sincere opposition to the confirmation of Jefferson B. Sessions as a federal district court judge for the Southern District of Alabama. My professional and personal roots in Alabama are deep and lasting. Anyone who has used the power of his office as United States Attorney to intimidate and chill the free exercise of the ballot by citizens should not be elevated to our courts. Mr. Sessions has used the awesome powers of his office in a shabby attempt to intimidate and frighten elderly black voters. For this reprehensible conduct, he should not be rewarded with a federal judgeship. ‘‘I regret that a longstanding commitment prevents me from appearing in person to testify against this nominee. However, I have attached a copy of my statement opposing Mr. Sessions’ confirmation and I request that my statement as well as this letter be made part of the hearing record. ‘‘I do sincerely urge you to oppose the confirmation of Mr. Sessions.’’ The statement attached to that letter is fairly long and very convincing, and I will read parts of it here: ‘‘Mr. Sessions has used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens in the district he now seeks to serve as a federal judge. This simply cannot be allowed to happen. Mr. Sessions’ conduct as U.S. Attorney, from his politically motivated voting fraud prosecutions to his indifference toward criminal violations of civil rights laws, indicates that he lacks the temperament, fairness and judgment to be a federal judge.’’ ‘‘A person who has exhibited so much hostility to the enforcement of those laws, and thus, to the exercise of those rights by Black people should not be elevated to the federal bench. ‘‘The irony of Mr. Sessions’ nomination is that, if confirmed, he will be given life tenure for doing with a federal prosecution what the local sheriffs accomplished twenty years ago with clubs and cattle prods.’’ ‘‘The actions taken by Mr. Sessions in regard to the 1984 voting fraud prosecutions represent just one more technique used to intimidate Black voters and thus deny them this most precious franchise.’’ ‘‘In these investigations, Mr. Sessions, as U.S. Attorney, exhibited an eagerness to bring to trial and convict three leaders of the Perry County Civic League including Albert Turner despite evidence clearly demonstrating their innocence of any wrongdoing.’’ ‘‘In fact, Mr. Sessions sought to punish older black civil rights activists, advisors and colleagues of my husband, who had been key figures in the civil rights movement in the 1960’s.’’ ‘‘Therefore, it is my stronglyheld view that the appointment of Jefferson Sessions to the federal bench would irreparably damage the work of my husband, Al Turner, and countless others who risked their lives and freedom over the past 20 years to ensure equal participation in our democratic system.’’ Clearly, if these criticisms set forth in this statement—the entirety of which will be made part of the House Record—indicate, as they did to the United States Senate in 1986, that Mr. Sessions should not be a district court judge, they also argue that he should not have been confirmed as Attorney General of the United States. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, O God, for giving us another day. During this Black History Month, we are made aware again of the history that has formed our Nation and affects us still. With the craft of mass communication and the skill of good teachers and of artists, You have brought to life again powerful stories of African American heroes, scholars, artists, and outstanding leaders throughout our Nation’s history. Much of this artistry, delightful spirit, strong determination, and hard work, was inspired by religious faith in You and the promise of the Holy Bible and, in recent decades, for many, the Holy Koran. Their witness to undying hope and peaceful resolution carry the hope of forming a better United States forever. Lord, we praise and thank You for the AfricanAmerican communities across this landscape who have shared our past, bless our present, and endow our future with hope, laughter, memorable music, and other contributions to our common good. Bless them, and bless our Nation with peace and reconciliation. And here, in the people’s House, may all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. POE of Texas led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignation from the House of Representatives: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , February 10, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN: In order to serve as the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services in President Donald J. Trump’s administration, I hereby resign my seat in the United States House of Representatives effective 9:00 AM on February 10th, 2017. Please see the enclosed letter to the Honorable Nathan Deal, Governor of the State of Georgia. Yours truly, THOMAS PRICE, M.D. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , February 10, 2017. Hon. NATHAN DEAL, Governor, State of Georgia, Atlanta, GA. DEARGOVERNOR DEAL: In order to serve as the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services in President Donald J. 
Trump’s administration, I hereby resign effective 9:00AM on February 10th, 2017, from the United States House of Representatives. The opportunity to serve the citizens of the Sixth District of Georgia has truly been one of the greatest honors of my life. This job and my passion for serving would not have been possible without the support, love, and friendship of family, constituents, community, colleagues, and staff throughout the years. It has been a blessing to work with such talented and bright minds to advance real solutions to some of our nation’s toughest issues and challenges. My first professional calling was not that of an elected official, it was to care for patients—following in the footsteps of both my father and grandfather who were also physicians. The caring relationship a doctor has for their patients is what brought me into public service, and it is that caring approach I wish to continue at the Department of Health and Human Services. With the remarkable challenges that lay ahead for our great nation, I am enthusiastic for the opportunity to be a part of solving them on behalf of the American people. There is much work to be done to ensure we have a health care system that works for patients, families, and doctors; that leads the world in the cure and prevention of illness; and that is based on sensible rules to protect the wellbeing of the country while embracing its innovative spirit. It will be my honor to continue working with you and every other Governor of these great United States to ensure that that our health care system becomes one that is more patientcentered, innovative, responsive and affordable for all Americans. Thanks to you for your service, friendship, and support. Yours truly, THOMAS PRICE, M.D., Member of Congress. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would, first of all, like to thank the chairman for bringing H.R. 609 to the floor, and a very special thank you to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) for the honor and privilege to learn about this great American. You heard a little bit of the story, and you will hear more of it from Mr. KELLY . It is sometimes unimaginable that such as Mr. Abraham walked amongst us. I oftentimes hear that people disparage when Congress does naming bills. If anyone was ever deserving of having a VA center named after them, and the importance of attaching that name and the history for those who come after, this is the gentleman. You are going to hear more of this, but Mr. Abraham was born in Lyndora, Pennsylvania. The stories just keep coming up. Apparently he was gifted academically and, of course, was a boxer. Again, this is a point of personal privilege on this, he was actually a Regimental Sergeant Major for a time when he was in his service. He served in the Philippines, China, Germany, and Panama. He survived the Bataan Death March. Having been out on Corregidor Island and hearing the stories of the people who survived, unimaginable horrors that they survived, and then imagine after being rescued and being liberated and having a chance to come home, Mr. Abraham chose to make sure that all of his comrades came home. He was a recipient of the Purple Heart and a lifelong member of the VFW, the American Legion, the Military Order of the Purple Heart, the American ExPrisoners of War Organization, the Disabled American Veterans, and the American Defenders of Bataan; but I think the chairman brought up something truly remarkable: giving 40,000 hours of volunteer service to his fellow veterans. This Nation could ask no more of a single person, and Mr. Abraham continued to give. To the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the State of Pennsylvania is represented well here. They were represented well by Mr. Abraham. It is an honor and a privilege to support this piece of legislation. I encourage my colleagues to not only support this, but to maybe go read the bio of this great American. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ), my friend and colleague. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. I brought with me today a picture of Master Sergeant Abraham. Now, I never knew him when he looked like this. I knew him when he was much older. I have got to tell you that to know Master Sergeant Abraham, you would never have known what he had gone through in his life because all of these folks from that time period just did what they had to do. When you ask them, ‘‘Why did you do it?’’ they said, ‘‘It wasn’t an option. It wasn’t an option. We had to do it.’’ There is just certain times in our history that people rise up and they do things that are incredible, ordinary people doing extraordinary things. Just being around Mr. Abraham for a long time—I never called him Abie, by the way. I did not call him Abie. I always called him sergeant or Mr. Abraham—I was just always so impressed with him. It is such an honor and a privilege to be able to stand here in the people’s House to talk about a true American hero, somebody who was not just a patriot, but was compassionate, somebody who never stopped serving his country in so many different ways. When I first read ‘‘The Ghost of Bataan,’’ I went back and I talked to Mr. Abraham. I said: You never told me about these things. He said: Oh, don’t worry about that. Those were just things we had to do. I said: No, but what you did was incredible: to survive the Bataan Death March, to be in a Japanese prison camp for 3
1⁄2years, to be stabbed, to be shot, to be beaten, to survive malaria and starvation. Did you ever think of trying to get away? He said: Yeah, MIKE, I did, but here was the thing: if one of us were to escape, the Japanese soldiers would shoot 10 of the prisoners who were still in the camp; so we didn’t want to do that to any of our colleagues. I watched them die. I held them as they died. We tried to get them through the darkest times that we could. I said: How did you endure? He said: My faith. My faith. That is how we all get through the darkest time, on both knees, believing that God is there for us no matter what. But when you read his books and you understand who this man was—and 
I think the second book was the one that was incredible. Let me read this because I just thought if there was anything that somebody did out of love, it was Mr. Abraham. His second book was ‘‘Oh, God, Where Are You?’’ I want you to think of this as a prisoner of war who survived the Bataan Death March, who watched his colleagues killed along the way, and if they fell down, they got shot. Toward the end, when they fell down and they couldn’t move anymore, they were put into open graves, and they were told to go ahead and cover the graves. He refused to do it. He said: They are still moving. So we come to today and we think about what it is that we as Americans can do. What is it we can do? What is in our hearts? What is in our memory? What about all those who came before us and what they went through? Mr. Abraham, as a child, went to school barefoot. His family didn’t have money to even buy him shoes, but he had a love for our Nation. He had a love for his fellow man. He had a love for veterans that was just incredible. But imagine the despair of being in that prison camp and not knowing what was going on in the outside war. I asked him: What did you do? How did you keep people’s spirits up? He said: I made up stories. I would tell them that I just heard there was a rumor going through camp that our armies are close and they are going to rescue us. Think about that. They were clinging to a madeup story from this man because he knew that is how he could keep their spirits up in the darkest of times. He kind of smiled about it. I said: That is incredible. He said: Well, sometimes you have to do things a little different just to get people’s spirits up. I want you to fast forward to who this man was. I watched him walk with a cane as he got into his later years, in his eighties and nineties, going to VA Butler Healthcare Center every single day to help fellow veterans. His sole purpose in life was to help other American citizens, to help other veterans, to bring a little light into their life, to bring a little happiness into their life; 40,000 hours of service in a VA center. He could have spent his time doing other things, but he didn’t. He chose to stay with those he loved. He chose to serve those he loved. He chose to continue to serve even in his retirement this Nation that he loved so much. I can’t tell you how much it means to be able to look at that new health center going up and knowing that Mr. Abraham, from his new post, is looking down and is so thankful to a grateful nation that we are taking time to take care of those who have given everything they can to make sure our Nation remains free. This is an incredible time in our history. This has nothing to do with parties. It has nothing to do with who you vote for. It has to do with who we are, the fact that every single one of us has a role. I would just ask people to please look into Abie Abraham. Go online and see about Mr. Abraham. Go and see what Master Sergeant Abraham did, and say: If I could just be a little bit like Abie Abraham, the world would be a better place. For all those who have died in the service of our country, they will rest easier. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers and I am prepared to close. I would just like to thank the gentleman again for bringing this to our attention, honoring Master Sergeant Abraham’s life. Again, I think there is a little lesson here of how we conduct ourselves reflects on the sacrifice that people like Mr. Abraham gave; and the gentleman has done so honorably and nobly, and I thank him for that. I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 609. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I think this is an amazing story that Mr. KELLY shared before us. I had a history professor in college who survived the Bataan Death March. He spent 3
1⁄2 years in the same—I wonder if these two men knew each other. He, indeed, too, was a remarkable man. I can think of no better honor in Butler, Pennsylvania, than to honor his memory by naming this medical center. Once again, I encourage all Members to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 609. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
WORKING TO INTEGRATE NETWORKS GUARANTEEING MEMBER ACCESS NOW ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 512) to title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant access to their records in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Administration to certain designated congressional employees, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 512 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Working to Integrate Networks Guaranteeing Member Access Now Act’’ or the ‘‘WINGMAN Act’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 59 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5906. Access of certain congressional employees to veteran records ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—(1) The Secretary shall provide to each veteran who submits a claim for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary an opportunity to permit a covered congressional employee employed in the office of the Member of Congress representing the district where the veteran resides to have access to all of the records of the veteran in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Administration. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, upon receipt of the permission from the veteran under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide readonly access to such records to such a covered congressional employee in a manner that does not allow such employee to modify the data contained in such records or in any part of a database of the Veterans Benefits Administration. ‘‘(3) A Member of Congress may designate not more than two employees of the Member as covered congressional employees. ‘‘(b) REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary may not impose any requirement other than the requirements specified under subsection (e)(1) before treating an employee as a covered congressional employee for purposes of this section. ‘‘(c) NONRECOGNITION .—A covered congressional employee may not be recognized as an agent or attorney under this chapter. ‘‘(d) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—None of the amounts made available to carry out this section may be used to design, develop, or administer any training for purposes of providing training to covered congressional employees. ‘‘(e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered congressional employee’ means a permanent, fulltime employee of a Member of Congress— ‘‘(A) whose responsibilities include assisting the constituents of the Member with issues regarding departments or agencies of the Federal Government; ‘‘(B) who satisfies the criteria required by the Secretary for recognition as an agent or attorney under this chapter; and ‘‘(C) who is designated by the Member of Congress as a covered congressional employee for purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) The term ‘database of the Veterans Benefits Administration’ means any database of the Veterans Benefits Administration in which the records of veterans relating to claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary are retained, including information regarding medical records, compensation and pension exams records, rating decisions, statements of the case, supplementary statements of the case, notices of disagreement, Form–9, and any successor form. ‘‘(3) The term ‘Member of Congress’ means a Representative, a Senator, a Delegate to Congress, or the Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘5906. Access of certain congressional employees to veteran records.’’. (c) NOAUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA TIONS .—No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section or the amendments made by this section. This section and such amendments may only be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated, of which, during the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2021, not more than $10,000,000 may be obligated or expended for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from 
Tennessee (Mr. R OE) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. WALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and urge all Members to support H.R. 512, as amended, the WINGMAN Act. First, I want to say a special thanks to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS), our colleagues, for introducing the WINGMAN Act. This bill will help Members cut through the red tape and help constituents who have applied for benefits from VA. Isn’t that why we are here, to help our constituents? The problem is that when a constituent calls one of our offices to ask about the status of a claim for benefits, the only thing we can do is write VA and wait for the VA to respond. I know I get very frustrated, and I am sure my colleagues do as well, with how long it takes for the VA to get back to us. The WINGMAN Act provides a simple solution. The bill allows designated, permanent, fulltime congressional staffers to look up the status of a claim on VA’s database, but only if the veteran has given the staffer permission. Staffers would have readonly access to VA databases, meaning they wouldn’t be able to add or remove any information. Passing H.R. 512, as amended, would allow Members to help constituents who simply want to understand the status of their claim for benefits. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 512, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1645 Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 512, as amended, the WINGMAN Act. I, too, would like to thank the gentleman from Florida for trying to do all they can to speed constituent services to their folks. This legislation gives certain designated congressional office caseworkers access to veterans’ electronic disability claim records at the Veterans Benefits Administration, or VBA. It has broad support in this House, both Democrat and Republican. This bill would allow designated congressional employees to have readonly access to the Veterans Benefits Administration database to look at veterans’ records. Congressional staff would not be able to add or remove anything from a record, but simply check on the status of a veteran’s claim and check that evidence and documentation are submitted. The reason this is so important is that a veteran will, at times, wait months, only to be told a piece of document has been missing that could have been added months before. It makes sense. It tracks the system. It ensures that the veteran is getting the fastest, best possible claim adjudication. The purpose is to provide that faster status and let them know. There are privacy safeguards in the bill, which reinforce the necessity for getting prior consent from the veteran. Also, the bill clearly requires that congressional employees designated for this access must be fulltime employees who provide constituent services. Veterans service organizations have suggested that the VA should put a tracking system in place to ensure that these employees are only assisting constituents from their congressional district, and that congressional staff be held accountable if found to abuse any aspect of this new and unprecedented authority. I support that suggestion. In my district, county veterans service organizations have also asked to have readonly access to veterans’ records so they can assist veterans. I wish to work with Chairman ROEto examine whether that might be something that could be included down the road. There is broad bipartisan support for giving congressional staff access to veterans’ records so they can help veterans navigate a complex claims system. Often it takes too long to find out the status of a veteran’s claim from the VA. Allowing certain professional staff to do the checking themselves seems like a simple step in the right direction, and I support it. Last Congress, similar legislation to H.R. 512 unanimously passed this House. I urge my colleagues to support it today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) control the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BERGMAN ). Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 512, the WINGMAN Act. I am honored to represent the First District of Michigan, which, as a State, has a higher than average percentage of veterans, and the First District has double the percentage of veterans of the rest of the State. To advocate for these fine men and women who have served so honorably, we have the absolute imperative to make sure that they get the help that they need to cut through the bureaucratic red tape at agencies such as the Department of Veterans Affairs. I have been serving in Congress for just over a month now, and, already, my office has been flooded with requests from veterans seeking aid in navigating the benefits claims process. Unfortunately, the VA is notoriously plagued by a culture of complacency and inefficiency. Even something as simple as checking the status of a veteran’s claim means that congressional staff members have to circle back around numerous times with VA employees before being able to provide the veterans in the First District with an accurate update. As a veteran of the Vietnam war, I know that time is valuable to our veterans. We have to introduce more efficiency and transparency into the benefits claims process. H.R. 512 is designed to cut out the middle step. The WINGMAN Act provides congressional offices with read only access to veterans’ records within the Veterans Benefits Administration. This commonsense bill allows our veterans quicker access to simple status inquiries, provides greater transparency for congressional offices, and allows the VA employees more time to work on completing these claims. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ), my good friend, a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, and a stalwart supporter of this Nation’s veterans and those in uniform. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the ranking member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Mr. WALZ, for allowing me to speak in support of H.R. 512, the WINGMAN Act. I rise today in support of H.R. 512, the WINGMAN Act, introduced by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), my colleague, which would allow veterans to grant designated congressional office staff readonly access to their claim records within the VBA, Veterans Benefits Administration. Mr. Speaker, there are no Veterans Benefits Administration personnel in the Northern Marianas. The veterans in my district have no one to meet with, but for the very occasional, usually one 6hour visit to the Marianas from a VBA staff based in Guam or Hawaii. It usually comes once every 6 months if we are lucky. Staffs’ request for information on behalf of veterans sometimes takes months to receive a reply. This bipartisan bill would eliminate the delay by enabling permitted staff to obtain the information directly from VBA databases. This would be especially meaningful to veterans in my district who face additional challenges for disability claims due to the lack of VA presence. Mr. Speaker, I represent three islands. I work with Social Security and Selective Service, of course, like other Members. For Social Security, we are 
allowed to go and take data information, application forms, bring them to the main island of Saipan, where we go in line like everyone else and submit the applications on behalf of those constituents we serve. So having separate islands and having a post office in one island and no post office in another island is a little complicated and difficult. Can you just imagine for the veteran who needs access to his VBA records or who needs access to his Veterans Health Administration file? Because we only have one in the Northern Marianas. This one really would allow us to serve the veterans who deserve nothing else but the best. Our veterans responded to our call to serve and defend this country without hesitation. We must, in return, do everything we can to serve them in the same manner. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), a good friend and a strong advocate for our veterans. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. BILIRAKIS for the work that he has done. And I want to congratulate Chairman ROEfor taking over the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. I would also like to thank the committee staff for their diligence and help on this piece of legislation, as well as the coleads of this bill, Representatives RODNEY DAVIS, KYRSTEN SINEMA , and JOHNDELANEY . Last Congress, WINGMAN passed the Veterans’ Affairs Committee unanimously in the House due to the bipartisan support of the Members of this Chamber. While it was disappointing that we were unable to get it across the finish line in the Senate, I feel confident, given the support this bill has witnessed early on in this year, with 175 Members in the House and 7 Members in the Senate, I am encouraged, and my hope is that we will see it pass the Senate this Congress and be signed into law by the President. Congressional constituent advocates worked diligently in our district offices to help veterans navigate the VA claims appeals system. But, they are hampered by having to wait weeks, months, and sometimes even years to receive documents from the VA that are often vital to helping the veteran reach a favorable resolution. WINGMAN will help to expedite the process by cutting out the middleman and providing direct access to the files our office already has permission to obtain. Currently, advocates must have a privacy release form signed by the constituent prior to acting on their behalf. This doesn’t change. What changes is the wait time our offices, veterans, and their families must endure while the VA sends us the appropriate documents. WINGMAN will help veterans such as James, from my district, who had eight separate, but related, claims filed. He didn’t know which files were attached to which claims, the dates they were received, which department they were referred to, or that he could have filed one single, fully developed claim. Had my staff had access to the files, which WINGMAN permits, they would have been able to assess the issue and update his claims without having to go on a wild goose chase for the documents with the VA system. Getting his case on track could have happened in a matter of days, rather than years. He is more than deserving of this, especially since some of his claims are over 6 years old. Another constituent lost her husband while he was serving this Nation. The VA was mailing all correspondence to his widow to an incorrect address. This resulted in an overpayment, which she was unaware of since she was not receiving the mail. The longterm result was a veteran’s widow having her account sent to collections, which damaged her credit, and ended with her new spouse’s tax return being confiscated. With access to the system files, our office would have had a clearer picture of the timeline of events and been able to direct and streamline our inquiry. Instead, our staff had to hunt down the relevant files from numerous branches within the VA and reassemble them like a jigsaw puzzle. When I hear the story of Sergeant ABRAHAM or Colonel B ERGMAN or Staff Sergeant BRIAN MASTbehind me, these people have paid a price for their service to this country, and our country owes them a debt. As a country, we can do better by our veterans and their families. WINGMAN will not get rid of the claims backlog or solve all of the problems. What it will do, however, is make the process helping our veterans easier. Let’s put the words ‘‘customer service’’ into our government. So I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ) one of our warriors and a veteran of the war in Iraq, and a staunch advocate for this Nation’s veterans. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, one of the things I appreciate most about the job that I have to represent Hawaii’s Second District is to be able to respond to and provide assistance to the hundreds of veterans from across my State that contact our office every single year. They call to ask for help with things like compensation and pension issues, health care, mileage reimbursement, especially for our veterans who live on the neighboring islands where they don’t have a VA clinic on an island, education, home loan benefits, and more. This is a responsibility as a Member of Congress and as a fellow veteran that I take very seriously. Right now, if a veteran contacts my office for assistance, we are required to go directly through the congressional liaison at the VA. We act as the veterans advocate to try to get answers for them on things that they haven’t been able to get answers on, things that they haven’t heard back on. Too often, we are faced with the bureaucratic layers within the VA and a slow turnaround that leave congressional staff, like mine and my colleagues here, jumping through hoops to access basic, but critical, information on behalf of our veterans and their families. At times, we have waited for months to get answers from the VA on behalf of a Hawaii veteran for something that should be a quick turnaround, like a status update. This is unacceptable. I am proud to cosponsor the WINGMAN Act, legislation introduced by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), my friend and colleague, which allows us to cut through the red tape and ensure that our certified caseworkers within our offices can provide quicker, more efficient, and effective service to our veterans. It would help streamline the veterans claims process by allowing congressional offices on behalf of our veteran constituents to directly access the status of pending claims, rating decisions, statement of the case, and so on. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation so that all of us working here in the people’s House can better serve our veterans who have sacrificed so much for our communities and our country. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge support of H.R. 512. I yield back the balance of my time. b1700 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this legislation. Representative YOHO does outstanding work. He traveled to VISN 8 in St. Petersburg, Florida, which is about 3 hours away. We had a discussion about this particular issue. He came up with the suggestion, and he is following through with it. It is a good piece of legislation. Let’s get it through the Senate this time. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 512, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant access to their records in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Administration to certain designated congressional employees, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
HONORING INVESTMENTS IN RECRUITING AND EMPLOYING AMERICAN MILITARY VETERANS ACT OF 2017 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 244) to encourage effective, voluntary private sector investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual presidential awards to private sector employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 244 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Honoring Investments in Recruiting and Employing American Military Veterans Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘HIRE Vets Act’’. 
(a) P ROGRAM ESTABLISHED .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor shall establish, by rule, a HIRE Vets Medallion Program to solicit voluntary information from employers for purposes of recognizing, by means of an award to be designated a ‘‘HIRE Vets Medallion Award’’, verified efforts by such employers— (1) to recruit, employ, and retain veterans; and (2) to provide community and charitable services supporting the veteran community. (b) APPLICATION PROCESS .—Beginning in the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Secretary establishes the program, the Secretary shall annually— (1) solicit and accept voluntary applications from employers in order to consider whether those employers should receive a HIRE Vets Medallion Award; (2) review applications received in each calendar year; and (3) notify such recipients of their awards; and (4) at a time to coincide with the annual commemoration of Veterans Day— (A) announce the names of such recipients; (B) recognize such recipients through publication in the Federal Register; and (C) issue to each such recipient— (i) a HIRE Vets Medallion Award of the level determined under section 3; and (ii) a certificate stating that such employer is entitled to display such HIRE Vets Medallion Award. (C) TIMING .— (1) SOLICITATION PERIOD .—The Secretary shall solicit applications not later than January 31st of each calendar year for the Awards to be awarded in November of that calendar year. (2) END OF ACCEPTANCE PERIOD .—The Sec retary shall stop accepting applications not earlier than April 30th of each calendar year for the Awards to be awarded in November of that calendar year. (3) REVIEW PERIOD .—The Secretary shall finish reviewing applications not later than August 31st of each calendar year for the Awards to be awarded in November of that calendar year. (4) SELECTION OF RECIPIENTS .—The Sec retary shall select the employers to receive HIRE Vets Medallion Awards not later than September 30th of each calendar year for the Awards to be awarded in November of that calendar year. (5) NOTICE TO RECIPIENTS .—The Secretary shall notify employers who will receive HIRE Vets Medallion Awards not later than October 11th of each calendar year for the Awards to be awarded in November of that calendar year. (d) LIMITATION .—An employer who receives a HIRE Vets Medallion Award for one calendar year is not eligible to receive a HIRE Vets Medallion Award for the subsequent calendar year. 
(a) A PPLICATION REVIEW PROCESS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall review all applications received in a calendar year to determine whether an employer should receive a HIRE Vets Medallion Award, and, if so, of what level. (2) APPLICATION CONTENTS .—The Secretary shall require that all applications provide information on the programs and other efforts of applicant employers during the calendar year prior to that in which the medallion is to be awarded, including the categories and activities governing the level of award for which the applicant is eligible under subsection (b). (3) VERIFICATION .—The Secretary shall verify all information provided in the applications, to the extent that such information is relevant in determining whether or not an employer should receive a HIRE Vets Medallion Award or in determining the appropriate level of HIRE Vets Medallion Award for that employer to receive, including by requiring the chief executive officer or the chief human relations officer of the employer to attest under penalty of perjury that the employer has met the criteria described in subsection (b) for a particular level of Award. (b) AWARDS .— (1) LARGE EMPLOYERS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall establish two levels of HIRE Vets Medallion Awards to be awarded to employers employing 500 or more employees, to be designated the ‘‘Gold HIRE Vets Medallion Award’’ and the ‘‘Platinum HIRE Vets Medallion Award’’. (B) GOLD HIRE VETS MEDALLION AWARD .—No employer shall be eligible to receive a Gold HIRE Vets Medallion Award in a given calendar year unless— (i) veterans constitute not less than 7 percent of all employees hired by such employer during the prior calendar year; (ii) such employer has retained not less than 75 percent of the veteran employees hired during the calendar year preceding the preceding calendar year for a period of at least 12 months from the date on which the employees were hired; (iii) such employer has established an employee veteran organization or resource group to assist new veteran employees with integration, including coaching and mentoring; and (iv) such employer has established programs to enhance the leadership skills of veteran employees during their employment. (C) PLATINUM HIRE VETS MEDALLION  
AWARD .—No employer shall be eligible to receive a Platinum HIRE Vets Medallion Award in a given calendar year unless— (i) the employer meets all the requirements for eligibility for a Gold HIRE Vets Medallion Award under subparagraph (B); (ii) veterans constitute not less than 10 percent of all employees hired by such employer during the prior calendar year; (iii) such employer has retained not less than 85 percent of the veteran employees hired during the calendar year preceding the preceding calendar year for a period of at least 12 months from the date on which the employees were hired; (iv) such employer employs dedicated human resources professionals to support hiring and retention of veteran employees, including efforts focused on veteran hiring and training; (v) such employer provides each of its employees serving on active duty in the United States National Guard or Reserve with compensation sufficient, in combination with the employee’s active duty pay, to achieve a combined level of income commensurate with the employee’s salary prior to undertaking active duty; and (vi) such employer has a tuition assistance program to support veteran employees’ attendance in postsecondary education during the term of their employment. (D) EXEMPTION FOR SMALLER EMPLOYERS .— An employer shall be deemed to meet the requirements of subparagraph (C)(iv) if such employer— (i) employs 5,000 or fewer employees; and (ii) employs at least one human resources professional whose regular work duties include those described under subparagraph (C)(iv). (E) ADDITIONAL CRITERIA .—The Secretary may provide, by rule, additional criteria with which to determine qualifications for receipt of each level of HIRE Vets Medallion Award. (2) SMALL  AND MEDIUM SIZED EMPLOYERS .— The Secretary shall establish similar awards in order to recognize achievements in supporting veterans by— (A) employers with 50 or fewer employees; and (B) employers with more than 50 but fewer than 500 employees. (c) DESIGN BY SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall establish the shape, form, and design of each HIRE Vets Medallion Award, except that the Award shall be in the form of a certificate and shall state the year for which it was awarded. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The recipient of a HIRE Vets Medallion Award may— (1) publicly display such Award through the end of the calendar year following receipt of such Award; and (2) publicly display the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Certificate issued in conjunction with such Award. (b) UNLAWFUL DISPLAY PROHIBITED .—It is unlawful for any employer to publicly display a HIRE Vets Medallion Award, in connection with, or as a part of, any advertisement, solicitation, business activity, or product— (1) for the purpose of conveying, or in a manner reasonably calculated to convey, a false impression that the employer received the Award through the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program, if such employer did not receive such Award through the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program; or (2) for the purpose of conveying, or in a manner reasonably calculated to convey, a false impression that the employer received the Award through the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program for a year for which such employer did not receive such Award. 
(a) F UND ESTABLISHED .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund to be designated the ‘‘HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund’’. Amounts appropriated to the fund pursuant to subsection (c) shall remain available until expended. (b) FEEAUTHORIZED .—The Secretary may assess a reasonable fee on employers that apply for receipt of a HIRE Vets Medallion Award and the Secretary shall deposit such fees into the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund. The Secretary shall establish the amount of the fee such that the amounts collected as fees and deposited into the Fund are sufficient to cover the costs associated with carrying out this Act. 
(c) U SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts in the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund shall be available, subject to appropriation, to the Secretary to carry out the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program. 
The HIRE Vets Medallion Program shall begin to solicit applications on January 31 of the year that is two fiscal years after the fiscal year during which funds are first appropriated to carry out this Act. 
(a) R EPORTS .—Beginning not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress annual reports on— (1) the fees collected from applicants for HIRE Vets Medallion Awards in the prior year and any changes in fees to be proposed in the present year; (2) the cost of administering the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program in the prior year; (3) the number of applications for HIRE Vets Medallion Awards received in the prior year; and (4) the HIRE Vets Medallion Awards awarded in the prior year, including the name of each employer to whom a HIRE Vets Medallion Award was awarded and the level of medallion awarded to each such employer. (b) COMMITTEES .—The Secretary shall provide the reports required under subsection (a) to the Chairman and Ranking Member of— (1) the Committees on Education and the Workforce and Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committees on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate. 
In this Act: (a) The term ‘‘employer’’ means any person, institution, organization, or other entity that pays salary or wages for work performed or that has control over employee opportunities, except that such term does not include— (1) the Federal Government; or (2) any State government, as defined in such section. (b) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Labor. (c) The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning given such term under section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. WALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous materials. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 244, as amended, would require the Department of Labor to establish a HIRE Vets Medallion Program to recognize and award employers with a HIRE Vets Medallion for their efforts to recruit, employ, and retain veterans, as well as their work to provide community and charitable services to veterans and their local communities. While we still have work to do, it is important to note that the veteran unemployment rate has continued to decrease over recent years and, as of last month, was at the low rate of 4.5 percent. Again, we have more work to do. While many factors have led to the continued reduction of the unemployment rate for the men and women who have served, our Nation’s employers in both the public and private sectors deserve a lot of credit, and it is important that we highlight the work that these companies have done and that we publicly recognize their commitment to hiring our veterans—hiring our true American heroes. I commend them so much. With this idea in mind, H.R. 244, as amended, would authorize the Secretary of Labor to create the HIRE Vets Medallion Program, which would recognize employers who hire and retain veterans as well as companies that provide support services to the veterans and their communities. Employers would earn either platinum or gold status based on requirements that are related to the number of veterans hired each year, providing pay equity for guardsmen and Reserve employees who were called up to active military service and other requirements. Once these employers have earned HIRE Vets Medallions, they would be able to publicly display their awards to illustrate the work they have done on behalf of our veterans and the priorities they place on hiring veterans within their workforces. As we work to continue to decrease the national unemployment rate among our men and women who have served, it is vital that we highlight and thank the employers who have stepped up and have recognized the benefits of hiring a veteran, and there are many benefits as their work ethic is outstanding—their dedication, their integrity. They are really outstanding people, and I am glad that our employers have stepped up. I thank the staff of the Department of Labor and the Trump administration for working with us to make improvements to the legislation from what was passed last year. I also thank Colonel PAUL COOK of California for introducing and advocating for this bill, which, again, has my full support. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 244, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 244, as amended, the HIRE Vets Act. I give a special thankyou to my colleague from California, Colonel COOK, who, himself, is a Vietnam veteran. Since the first day he got into Congress, he has been our veterans’ stanchest supporter, and I appreciate that. Mr. Speaker, this is an innovative, bipartisan piece of legislation. The HIRE Vets Act directs the Department of Labor, or DOL VETS, to establish a HIRE Vets Medallion Program. This program solicits voluntary information from private sector employers, which we know they want to give—and we know they are out there hiring folks— and allows these employers to display, with other marketing materials, a recognized medallion as a symbol of their support and willingness to make sure we hire veterans. Employers who provide community and charitable services that support veterans will also be eligible. Hiring veterans isn’t just the right thing to do because it is morally and ethically right; it makes good business sense, and our folks know that. The men and women who have served in our military have received invaluable training and experience that has proven to help them thrive in post military employment. What they need is a foot in the door. Fortunately, we have been seeing encouraging trends in veterans’ employment. Thanks to the hard work of DOL VETS, combined with efforts within the private sector and Federal and State governments, the veterans’ unemployment rate in January of 2017 was 4.5 percent, which is lower than the national average. We also know that the unemployment rate for post9/11 veterans remains unacceptably high at 8 percent. We must remain vigilant to make sure that the men and women who signed up to defend our Nation enjoy opportunities for growth when they return home. The HIRE Vets Medallion Program represents an additional incentive for employers to hire and retain veterans, which is something we can all get behind. Again, I thank Colonel COOKfor offering this bipartisan legislation. Thank you to the vice chairman for bringing this up and throwing his support behind it. I am certainly proud to stand in support of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. COOK), a good friend and a great veterans’ advocate. I thank him for his service. Mr. COOK. I thank Mr. BILIRAKIS for yielding. Mr. Speaker, as a combat veteran, I am deeply concerned that the men and women of our Armed Forces continue to struggle to find jobs upon their return to civilian life. These individuals have not only displayed great courage in serving their country, but have acquired certain skills that make them ideal candidates for employment. I am not going to go over many of the things that were said about how the program is an incentive, as I think that has already been covered. I just want to underscore the fact that this is a problem. It is not a new problem. You can have the statistics, but one has to ask oneself: Why do we have a lower percentage of veterans who are getting the jobs? 
As was already mentioned, I am a product of the Vietnam war; and the veterans who were getting out there, a lot of people were afraid to hire them. They didn’t know whether they would be recalled back into the service, and they didn’t know whether they had posttraumatic stress disorder. They were not going to take a chance on them, and that was sad. That was many, many years ago, but the stats don’t lie. I am very, very supportive. I get passionate about these programs because the bottom line is we have to make sure that we take care of the troops, and this is a bill that, with the cooperation of private industry, has those incentives built in there. I am optimistic. We had bipartisan support the last time. We went all the way up there and were waiting the last time for the Senate—holding our breath. Everybody knows you don’t always get what you want. I am not going to give up and neither will the people who have been supporting this bill because we are all very, very passionate about veterans. I thank Chairman ROE. I thank Ranking Member WALZ for his great support and military service. I thank Representative TULSI GABBARD for, once again, being the original cosponsor of this important legislation and for always being there for the veterans and the military. I also thank Congressman BILIRAKIS for his great support. Once again, this passed out of the House last November and had unanimous support. I urge my colleagues to once again vote in favor of this bill. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ), who still serves this Nation in uniform. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of H.R. 244, the HIRE Vets Act, which I am so proud and honored to have worked on with my colleague and fellow veteran, Colonel PAULCOOKfrom California. This is personal for us. This is about our brothers and sisters in uniform— from different generations—who have been honored and thanked for their service in uniform but who, unfortunately, are often forgotten about when they lay that uniform down. Most people aren’t aware that every single day roughly 500 veterans are transitioning from military life to civilian life, joining more than 2.9 million veterans who have returned home since 9/11 alone. Through their service and training, these are men and women who are highly trained, who have experience in leading, in making decisions under pressure, in acting and working well as members of a team, and in accomplishing the mission. Data show that veterans are civic assets in our communities. They have higher rates of voting, of engaging with local governments and community organizations, of participating actively in community service, and more. Together, these qualities make our veterans especially valuable to employers, whether it be in the private sector, in the public sector, or in the nonprofit sector. Unfortunately, for them, returning to a civilian job market is not as easy as it should be. They often face an unfriendly job market or even an unfriendly culture that doesn’t fully understand them and what they bring to the table. Many people don’t understand that our veterans are not seeking pity or a handout but are simply looking for an opportunity to continue to serve—to continue to contribute to our communities and to our country. This legislation is focused on encouraging employers to hire more veterans. We have seen different programs and initiatives in my home State of Hawaii and in States across the country that focus on recruiting and retaining veterans, but the fact is that there are still more than 400,000 unemployed veterans across the country. We need to do more. This legislation, the HIRE Vets Act, gets directly at this need by setting up an incentive system to encourage employers to hire and retain veterans. It creates a standard of recognition for employers who go the extra mile to recruit and retain veterans and provide services that support our veteran community. We came together at the end of last year and passed this legislation unanimously. I am hopeful that my colleagues will once again stand and pass this important legislation and move it along through the Senate and to the President’s desk for his signature. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 244, as amended. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 244, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
BOOSTING RATES OF AMERICAN VETERAN EMPLOYMENT ACT Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 974) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a contract for the procurement of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ veterans. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 974 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employment Act’’ or the ‘‘BRAVE Act’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding after section 8128 the following new section: ‘‘§ 8129. Preference for offerors employing veterans ‘‘(a) PREFERENCE .—In awarding a contract for the procurement of goods or services, the Secretary may give a preference to offerors that employ veterans on a fulltime basis. The Secretary shall determine such preference based on the percentage of the full time employees of the offeror who are veterans. ‘‘(b) ENFORCEMENT PENALTIES FOR MISREPRESENTATION .—(1) Any offeror that is determined by the Secretary to have willfully and intentionally misrepresented the veteran status of the employees of the offeror for purposes of subsection (a) may be debarred from contracting with the Department for a period of not less than five years. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary carries out a debarment under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall commence debarment action against the offeror by not later than 30 days after determining that the offeror willfully and intentionally misrepresented the veteran status of the employees of the offeror as described in paragraph (1) and shall complete debarment actions against such offeror by not later than 90 days after such determination. ‘‘(3) The debarment of an offeror under paragraph (1) includes the debarment of all principals in the offeror for a period of not less than five years.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 8128 the following new item: ‘‘8129. Preference for offerors employing veterans.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) and the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. WALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. b1715 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, to improve employment opportunities for veterans and business opportunities for the companies that employ them, H.R. 974 would authorize the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs to consider how many veterans an offeror employs during a 
decision to award a contract. Under this bill, the Secretary may give a preference to such employers based on the percentage of the workforce made up of veterans. It makes sense. The bill would also allow the Secretary to debar any offeror who willfully and intentionally misrepresents the number of veterans they employ. I am glad that provision is in there. Mr. Speaker, the unemployment rate among certain age groups of veterans still exceeds their nonveteran peers, and this legislation is one commonsense step to incentivize employers to bring veterans into their workforce and increase job opportunities for veterans of all ages. I firmly believe that we should do all we can to encourage both small and large businesses to provide job opportunities for veterans as well as provide the Secretary the authority to consider such hires when making contracting decisions. This will further incentivize government contractors to make a positive investment in their companies by making investments in our Nation’s veterans. I thank Miss RICEfor her hard work on this bill, and it has my full support. I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 974. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of H.R. 947, the Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employment Act, or BRAVE Act. I thank the vice chairman for his kind words on this bill, and I especially would like to thank the gentlewoman from New York (Miss RICE), an unwavering advocate of our veterans and author of this smart piece of legislation. Both parties agree it is unacceptable that men and women returning home from our most recent conflicts don’t have good, reliable jobs waiting for them. We can start right here in the Federal Government. The VA establishes longterm contracts with private companies for medical equipment, construction, supplies, services, and more. Currently, the VA gives preferences to veteranowned small businesses. That is great. What this piece of legislation does is expand this contracting preference to allow the VA Secretary to give a preference to companies that actively search out and employ veterans, a policy that would incentivize companies to even hire more veterans. This is already a smart approach for those companies because veterans bring to a job the skills they have learned over the years and make the company even stronger. This bipartisan piece of legislation adds no cost to the taxpayers. It allows for debarment of any company that knowingly misrepresents its portion of veteran employees in order to receive the contracting preference. The BRAVE Act represents a winwin for the private sector, the Federal Government, and, most importantly, for our veterans. Again, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from New York (Miss RICE), who will tell us a little more about this in a few moments, and Chairman ROE of Tennessee and Vice Chairman BILIRAKIS for continuing to bring good pieces of veterans legislation to the floor. We are grateful for that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Miss RICE), the author, the lead sponsor of this piece of legislation, a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee since coming to Congress, and a fierce advocate for those warriors. Miss RICE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 974, the Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employment Act, which I introduced along with Congressman and Colonel PAUL COOKof California. The BRAVE Act is commonsense, bipartisan legislation that will authorize the VA Secretary, when awarding Federal contracts, to give preference to contractors with high concentrations of fulltime veteran employees. This bill will cost taxpayers absolutely nothing. It will, first, reward companies that actively hire and invest in our veterans, companies that seek out veterans and give them opportunities to bring their unique skills, training, and experience to the civilian workforce. Second, it will create an incentive for other companies to do the same and bring more veterans into their workforce. Most importantly, as more and more companies hire more and more veterans, they will ultimately see that investing in veterans is good for business. That is the real incentive here. It is not just an advantage in securing Federal contracts; it is getting the benefit of employees who have worn the uniform, who have been trained by the greatest military in the world, and who have learned to get the job done, no matter what that job is. We need more businesses in the private sector to recognize the value of investing in the men and women who have served our country. It is not an act of charity. Veterans are not looking for a handout; they just need an opportunity. The BRAVE Act will help ensure that more veterans have those opportunities. I want to thank Chairman ROEof Tennessee, Vice Chairman BILIRAKIS , and Ranking Member WALZ for supporting this bill and for helping to bring it to the floor today. This legislation passed unanimously in the last Congress, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to, once again, give it the bipartisan support it deserves. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on my side. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 974. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this legislation. I commend Representative RICEfor her good work. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 974. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS TO UNITED STATESCHINA ECONOMIC AND SECURITY REVIEW COMMISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to section 1238(b)(3) of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), as amended, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following individuals on the part of the House to the United StatesChina Economic and Security Review Commission for a term expiring on December 31, 2018: Mr. Larry Wortzel, Williamsburg, Virginia Mr. Robert Glenn Hubbard, New York, New York 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS TO THE CREATING OPTIONS FOR VETERANS’ EXPEDITED RECOVERY COMMISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to section 931(c) of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Pub. L. 114–198), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following individuals on the part of the House to the Creating Options for Veterans’ Expedited Recovery Commission: Captain John M. Rose, U.S. Navy, Retired, Kenosha, Wisconsin Lieutenant Colonel Jamil S. Khan, U.S. Marine Corps, Retired, Janesville, Wisconsin 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO THE NATIONAL COMMISSION ON MILITARY, NATIONAL, AND PUBLIC SERVICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to section 553(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub. L. 114– 328), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following individual 
on the part of the House to the National Commission on Military, National, and Public Service: Mr. Thomas Kilgannon, Centreville, Virginia 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS TO THE MEDAL OF VALOR REVIEW BOARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to section 3(b) of the Public Safety Officer Medal of Valor Act of 2001 (42 U.S.C. 15202), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following individuals on the part of the House to the Medal of Valor Review Board for a term of 4 years: Mr. Brandon Clabes, Choctaw, Oklahoma Mr. Brian Murphy, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE AMERICAN FOLKLIFE CENTER IN THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 2103(b), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following individual to the Board of Trustees of the American Folklife Center in the Library of Congress on the part of the House for a term of 6 years: Ms. Patricia A. Atkinson, Carson City, Nevada 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOODALL ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 66, DISAPPROVING RULE SUBMITTED BY DEPARTMENT OF LABOR RELATING TO SAVINGS ARRANGEMENTS BY STATES FOR NONGOVERNMENTAL EMPLOYEES, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 67, DISAPPROVING RULE SUBMITTED BY DEPARTMENT OF LABOR RELATING TO SAVINGS ARRANGEMENTS BY QUALIFIED STATE POLITICAL SUBDIVISIONS FOR NONGOVERNMENTAL EMPLOYEES Mr. BYRNE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–11) on the resolution (H. Res. 116) providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 66) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by States for nongovernmental employees, and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 67) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by qualified State political subdivisions for nongovernmental employees, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Speaker RYANfor yielding. He admonished us to be brief. So, Joyce, I will be brief. Often I rise on this floor when we have extraordinary staffers retire on either side of the aisle, Republican or Democrat, and observe what an extraordinary difference they make to the comity that does, in fact, exist but is rarely seen by the public. Joyce Meyer has been an extraordinary member of our family. Speaker RYANsays family is important to her. Family is important to all of us, and this is a family. It is sometimes a contentious family, but it is a family. Frankly, the peacemakers in the family are largely the members of the staff, particularly the highest ranking staffers, and particularly those staffers who have been with each of us and many of us for a significant period of time. They understand the tensions that can be created, but they also understand that there is a responsibility to the American people. Every time I went across the aisle and talked to Joyce Meyer, I knew that she understood that and that she wanted to be a positive force in making this institution work better. Let me say that Joyce Meyer now has an even bigger responsibility because she is going to the White House. May we all wish her the best in making that institution work better. Joyce, God bless you and Godspeed. 
BOOSTING RATES OF AMERICAN VETERAN EMPLOYMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 974) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a contract for the procurement of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ veterans, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 407, nays 0, not voting 24, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer 
Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Farenthold Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Boyle, Brendan F. Buchanan Delaney Duncan (TN) Ellison Faso Gallego Garamendi Gutie´rrez Jenkins (KS) LaMalfa McCaul Meeks Messer Moore Moulton Mulvaney Pingree Ratcliffe Rush Shuster Waters, Maxine Welch Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, my apologies for not being able to be present for today’s recorded votes. My flight from ALB to DCA was cancelled due to a winter storm, and I could make no other flight that would have gotten me to Washington in time. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea on rollcall No. 86, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 87. 
HONORING ISRAEL BONDS (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I am so honored that the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ) is here to listen to this important 1 minute, as he always does. Israel Bonds recently hosted its annual award ceremony at the Fontainebleau Hotel located in Miami Beach, in my congressional district. For over 30 years, Mr. Speaker, Israel Bonds has honored members of the Jewish community from all over the country who have made an incredible impact on the U.S.Israel relationship and who have helped make Israel’s economy one of the world’s strongest. I have had the privilege of working with Israel Bonds over the years and the many individuals who helped make its mission such a success. One of those individuals, who I know is a friend of the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), Alex Halberstein, was honored with the Israel69 Award for his commitment to strengthening the economy of the democratic Jewish State of Israel. Mr. Speaker, Alex is the chairman of Israel Bonds for south Florida. Alex and his wife, Monique, are deserving of such a high honor. I congratulate them both for such a tremendous achievement. f 
b1915 DRAINING THE SWAMP (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, President Trump said he was going to drain the swamp. Really? His actions speak louder than words. Check the facts. Wall Street’s gold diggers are in charge of the swamp already. The President’s senior strategist, Steve Bannon, spent half a decade working at Goldman Sachs. Trump’s National Economic Council Director, Gary Cohn, spent 25 years more there. He rose to be Goldman Sachs’ president. Trump’s Senior Counsel for Economic Initiatives, Dina Powell, was a partner since 2010 at Goldman Sachs. Steve Mnuchin, up for a vote tonight for Treasury Secretary, spent 17 years at Goldman. Dubbed the ‘‘Foreclosure King,’’ Mnuchin was the fastbuck artist who maneuvered OneWest out of IndyMac’s collapse with shady tactics that kicked hundreds of thousands of families out of their homes in Ohio and beyond. Mnuchin is the ultimate swamp dweller. His father worked at Goldman, his brother still works there, and they all return for alumni engagements. Come now. While millions of Americans lost their homes, with millions more underwater today, Goldman increased its profits. It is obvious, Wall Street’s trolls have squiggled their way through the White House transom even before the First Lady has remodeled the living quarters. When Wall Street rigs our economy again, does anyone seriously expect President Trump to drain the swamp? He is fast in it with them. 
CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, February is Career and Technical Education Month. As cochairman of the Career and Technical Education Caucus, and as a senior member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, I have long been aware of the importance of CTE programs that provide learners of all ages with careerready skills. From agriculture to the arts, from marketing to manufacturing, CTE programs work to develop America’s most valuable resource—its people. CTE is taught in a range of settings, from high schools and area technical centers, to technical and 2year community colleges. In total, 12.5 million 
high school and college students are enrolled in CTE programs across the Nation. Last Congress, I was proud to introduce the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. This bill, which passed the House by a vote of 405–5, aimed to close the skills gap by modernizing the Federal investment in CTE programs and connecting educators with industry stakeholders. I look forward to reintroducing similar legislation this Congress and I remain committed to working with the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ), my CTE Caucus cochair and good friend, to improve our Nation’s career and technical education system. 
CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased to join the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ), my friend and cochair of the Career and Technical Education Caucus, to recognize February as Career and Technical Education Month. In Rhode Island and across the country right now, employers are struggling to find workers with the skills that they need to fill jobs in STEM, in manufacturing, in IT, and so many other skilled trades. Hundreds of thousands of highskilled, highpaying jobs are open right now, going unfilled, and this number is growing. To close the skills gap, we must better align education and industry to make sure that what we are teaching in classrooms is better meeting the needs of realworld companies right now. We must increase workbased learning and build education pathways to help students become career and collegeready. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support investment in CTE in the 115th Congress, including by reauthorizing the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act to adapt our workforce to the 21st century economy. Mr. Speaker, this act passed with strong, bipartisan support in the last Congress, and I hope we can quickly bring it up again to pass it with strong bipartisan support in this Congress as well. I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for his leadership. 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF NICK LITTLEFIELD (Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening with a heavy heart to honor the memory of Nick Littlefield, a dear friend and dedicated public servant who passed away last week. Few in our country could match Nick’s career. From the stages of Broadway to classrooms at Harvard Law School, to courtrooms in New York City, and eventually to the Halls of this Capitol as an aide to my late uncle, Senator Ted Kennedy, Nick did it all. Always guided by the simple principle that our laws should help protect our citizens, his fingerprints can be found on landmark legislation such as the Children’s Health Insurance Program, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, and the 1996 minimum wage increase. Every day that he arrived at his Senate office, he brought a contagious enthusiasm for his work and extraordinary empathy for the people he served. Even while battling the multiple system atrophy that ultimately cost him his life, he considered himself ‘‘not entirely unlucky’’ to have this disease because it allowed him to ‘‘truly sympathize’’ with those who had disabilities. Nothing was ever more important to him than his family. In this difficult time, my thoughts and prayers are with Nick’s incredible wife, Jenny, as well as his stepchildren Frank, Tom, and Kate. f 
NATIONAL HEALTH AND WELLNESS COACH RECOGNITION WEEK (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I am glad to join my colleague, Congressman MARKWAYNE MULLIN today in introducing a resolution designating the week of February 13 as National Health and Wellness Coach Recognition Week. Lifestylerelated chronic diseases are causing a health crisis in this country. Chronic diseases are the leading cause of preventable deaths and disabilities, and they cost the U.S. economy more than $1 trillion per year. This crisis is so severe that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has deemed chronic disease to be ‘‘the public health challenge of the 21st century.’’ We can reduce lifestylerelated chronic disease and end this crisis, but that means improving and sustaining healthrelated behaviors. That is where the health coaches come in. They step in to fill the gap between healthcare provider recommendations and sustainable lifestyle changes. By helping to improve individual health and wellness, health coaches get to the root of this Nation’s health crisis. I want to give my deepest thanks to the health and wellness coaches who are making the people of this Nation healthier. We should all support them in their efforts. HONORING THE RICHMOND FREE PRESS (Mr. MCEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Richmond Free Press, an independent, Blackowned weekly newspaper that recently celebrated its 25th anniversary. The newspaper was founded by Raymond H. Boone, a former Howard University associate professor and reporter who tirelessly served as editor and publisher until his death in June of 2014. The Richmond Free Press serves as a voice for all people and, since its inception, has altered the media landscape of Richmond, the former Capital of the Confederacy. The paper has positively impacted the community through its news stories and its editorials. Through the leadership of Mrs. Jean Patterson Boone, advertising director and wife of the late founder, Raymond Boone, this is an awardwinning publication. Not only has the Richmond Free Press been a source of information for 25 years, but it has been a pillar in our community. Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate that this recognition come during Black History Month, for the Richmond Free Press does not only chronicle history, it has made history for the last 25 years. 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH (Mr. LAWSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Black History Month. It is especially meaningful to me this year as I am so proud to have the honor to represent the great people of Florida’s Fifth Congressional District. Now, more than ever, it is incumbent upon all of us to work to ensure we are protecting our beacons of democracy within our government institutions, from maintaining a vigilant and responsive Department of Justice, to a robust Department of Health and Human Services, to ensuring that our Department of Education is advancing public education and protecting our Historically Black Colleges and Universities. One AfricanAmerican who left a lasting legacy in education in Florida is John G. Riley, who was born a slave in 1857 and who died as a millionaire in 1954. Riley was a schoolteacher in Wakulla County, near Tallahassee, and later became the principal of Lincoln Academy in Tallahassee, Florida, serving the community as an educator for 49 years. Riley was also the first African American in Tallahassee to own property at the turn of the century. Today, we can all visit the John G. Riley Museum for African American History and Culture to learn more about his contributions to the fabric of African American history. 
In Jacksonville, we celebrate Mary Littlejohn Singleton, who became the first Black woman elected to the City Council in Jacksonville, Florida, and then elevated herself to be elected to the Florida Legislature, the first one since the Reconstruction era. Singleton paved the way for other Black women to follow in her footsteps in the Florida Legislature, like former Congresswoman Carrie Meek, and our colleague, FREDERICA WILSON , who serves now with us today. It is stories like John G. Riley’s and Singleton’s and countless others that remind me to work and lead us ahead in the future. We must think differently and act differently to affect change by working together to help our fellow men and women. I am committed to standing with the Congressional Black Caucus and to keep the fight for equality for all Americans. 
CELEBRATING THE 60TH BIRTHDAY OF OVERSEER ELVIS L. BOWMAN (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 60th birthday of my good friend, overseer Elvis L. Bowman, the senior pastor of the Greater Mt. Tabor Christian Center in my hometown of Fort Worth, Texas. Pastor Bowman was born February 23, 1957, and became a lifelong member of Greater Mt. Tabor Christian Center and their congregation; and the church was founded by his father, E.L. Bowman. Pastor Bowman graduated from the University of Texas in Arlington with a bachelor’s degree in business and a minor in music. He has since used his education to serve the congregation in so many wonderful ways. An accomplished musician, Pastor Bowman served as a staff musician under his father before being appointed minister of music in 1974. He then served as the Church business manager before he was appointed pastor in 2002. He was later elevated to full gospel district overseer of Tarrant County in 2008. Pastor Bowman, I wish you happy birthday, my friend, on your 60th birthday. I wish you nothing but health and happiness. Please enjoy your special day. 
LEGISLATION TO DEREGULATE GUN SILENCERS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on a warm Sunday morning, yesterday, six men in a blue truck and six men in a black truck began shooting along Griggs Road. Women and children fled. Families fled in fear of their lives. Because of the gunshot noise, police were able to come, and those who were hovering and sheltering could dial 911 on their cell phones. So today I want to join with the law enforcement coalition who are working with former Congresswoman Gabby Giffords and Mark Kelly, who are standing up against legislation that would deregulate and allow civilians to buy silencers. It indicates that the gun lobby applauds introduction of the Hearing Protection Act. A quote in an article says many gun owners and sportsmen suffer severe hearing loss after years of shooting. Yet, the tool necessary to reduce such loss is onerously neglected and taxed. What about the law enforcement officers who will suffer at the hands of those who want to do us harm with silencers on their guns? What will happen to those who will be murdered in the streets? What about them and their families? This is a legislation misdirected. This is a legislation that is unfortunate. I join with my fellow Americans and law enforcement officers, first responders, in standing up against a nonsensical and misdirected initiative. Let’s stand with those who are to protect us and let’s protect our families and not support this legislation. f 
b1930 BLACK HISTORY MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, W. E. B. Du Bois is quoted as saying: ‘‘The cost of liberty is the less than the price of repression.’’ And the cost of liberty has come at a steep price for members of the Black community. But despite this immense challenge the Black community has faced, our resiliency is what we celebrate every month during Black History Month. Every February, we get together to talk about it, highlight it, and share with school children, friends, and family the accomplishments of the men and women who changed the course of American history. We thank these pioneers for expanding what we believed possible and use them as an inspiration for the fight that remains. There have been so many African American pioneers in every field, including medicine. Dr. James McCune Smith was the first African American to earn a medical degree and practice medicine in the U.S.; Dr. Daniel Hale Williams owned the first Blackowned hospital and is credited with the first successful heart surgery performed by an African American; Dr. Charles Drew—many have heard of him—renowned for his research during World War II which allowed for us to better understand blood plasma and its storage for transfusions. More recently, Dr. Regina Benjamin became the first Black woman elected to the American Medical Association Board of Trustees and was appointed the 18th surgeon general by President Barack Obama in 2009. Each of these medical pioneers broke barriers for the betterment of the community, and each worked to use tools of their profession to improve the health of each patient they treat and also for future generations. The Secretary of Health and Human Services shared similar responsibilities, but on a much, much wider scale, Mr. Speaker. The agency, as you know, of HHS is tasked with enhancing and protecting the health of all American citizens. However, the recent appointment of Dr. Tom Price as HHS Secretary threatens to roll back the progress pioneered by Black medical professions and the progress made under President Barack Obama. Dr. Price, as many of you know and as has been documented and seen on television on the cable news shows, was very hostile, extremely hostile, and openly hostile to the Affordable Care Act during the time that he was in Congress, despite the law ultimately extending health insurance for close to 20 million Americans who didn’t have it before. That is what is so amazing that a doctor would take that view. Because of the ACA, 2.3 million African Americans between the ages of 18 and 64 gained coverage, and the uninsured rate, among African Americans, fell by nearly 7 percent. In the district that I represent, 47,000 more residents now have coverage thanks to the ACA. And for the district that I represent, that is pretty significant. People hear a lot about the Texas miracle and about all the jobs and the economic growth in the State of Texas. Despite living in DallasFort Worth— one of the most vibrant economies in the entire world, quite frankly—it had the highest uninsured rate out of any congressional district in the country. It is a shame that, with that type of prosperity, we would have such a large group of people—over 1 million people collectively when you include people outside of the district that I represent—in the DallasFort Worth metroplex who don’t have insurance. It is really a shame. We cannot let the progress forged by AfricanAmerican trailblazers be undermined by a Secretary of Health and Human Services who does not see how expanding healthcare access can help better health outcomes for African Americans. Similarly, in an area of history where we saw historic tenures of both 
Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch as Attorneys General, the recent confirmation of Jeff Sessions as Attorney General is very troubling and really a blatant reminder that we must remain vigilant for those who would like to turn back the clock on the civil rights progress that African Americans fought and died for, particularly when you start talking about voter fraud. It seems like right now what we are starting to see is the very beginning of people who are against the gains that have been made. They are trying to lay the groundwork so they can go in and do some really, really serious oppression. And that is absolutely scary just because that was a chapter in our country’s history that we don’t want to go back to. We want to know that the new Attorney General is going to be working for us and not trying to undermine us when it comes to people being able to exercise their suffrage. And in the Senate Chamber, a very esteemed colleague in Congress, Senator WARREN , brought much attention to a letter that Coretta Scott King wrote opposing Senator Session’s consideration for a Federal judgeship. This Chamber has yet to hear Mrs. King’s words in a letter that she used to highlight the brutal harm Sessions could wreak on voting rights. And if you look at her letter, it simply states: ‘‘Free exercise of voting rights is so fundamental to American democracy that we cannot tolerate any form of infringement of those rights. Of all the groups who have been disenfranchised in our nation’s history, none has struggled longer or suffered more in the attempt to win the vote than black citizens. No group has had access to the ballot box denied so persistently and intently.’’ And Mrs. King continued: ‘‘The actions taken by Mr. Sessions in regards to the 1984 voting fraud prosecutions represent just one more technique used to intimidate black voters and thus deny them this most precious franchise. The investigations into the absentee voting process were conducted only in the black belt counties where blacks had finally achieved political power in local government. Whites had been using the absentee process to their advantage for years, without incident. Then, when blacks, realizing its strength, began to use it with success, criminal investigations were begun.’’ Mrs. King went on to state: ‘‘In fact, Mr. Sessions sought to punish older black civil rights activists, advisers and colleagues of my husband, who had been key figures in the civil rights movement in the 1960’s. These were persons who, realizing the potential of the absentee vote among blacks, had learned to use the process within the bounds of legality and had taught others to do the same.’’ And that is what I am talking about, Mr. Speaker, is that sort of attitude, that sort of hostility towards the AfricanAmerican community when it comes to the right of suffrage, the right to vote that we hold so precious— that all of us are worried about. But Mrs. King went on to describe why she believes Jeff Sessions would do irreparable harm to her husband’s civil rights legacy. ‘‘The exercise of the franchise,’’ she states, ‘‘is an essential means by which our citizens ensure that those who are governing will be responsible. My husband called it the number one civil right. The denial of access to the ballot box ultimately results in the denial of other fundamental rights. For, it is only when the poor and disadvantaged are empowered that they are able to participate actively in the solutions to their own problems. ‘‘We still have a long way to go before we can say that minorities no longer need be concerned about discrimination at the polls. Blacks, Hispanics, Native Americans and Asian Americans are grossly underrepresented at every level of government in America. If we are going to make our timeless dream of justice through democracy a reality, we must take every step possible to ensure that the spirit and intent of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and the 15th Amendment to the Constitution is honored.’’ And with that, Mr. Speaker, I yield to a Member of this body that is no stranger when it comes to civil rights, knew Mrs. King, knew many of the key players and figures, and was a key player and figure himself, and that is the gentleman from South Carolina. I would like to recognize our assistant leader, JIMCLYBURN , to come and talk on this topic of Black History Month and some of the things that are so important to our community this month and why we are going to continue to talk about these issues. Mr. CLYBURN. Thank you very much for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to join my colleagues and people throughout the United States to celebrate Black History Month. It may come as a surprise to some that Black History Month is also celebrated in Canada and the United Kingdom, although they do so in the United Kingdom in the month of October. Thanks to the hard work and persistence of Carter G. Woodson and the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, known today as the Association for the Study of African American Life and History, the celebration of Black history was inaugurated in 1926. In response to Mr. Woodson’s advocacy, it was to be for 1 week, the second week in February, in order to envelope the birthdays of Abraham Lincoln, February 12, and Frederick Douglass, February 14. First proposed by students at Kent University in 1969 and 1970, the week was officially expanded to a month in 1976. Gerald Ford was President at the time. When the month was established, President Ford urged the country to ‘‘honor the toooften neglected accomplishments of black Americans.’’ There is a lot of talk about health care these days, and in no area has the contributions of African Americans been more neglected and dishonored as much as in the field of health care. How many people are aware of the contributions of Charles Drew who unlocked the secrets that led to the ability to perform blood transfusions; or Daniel Hale Williams who performed the first successful openheart surgery; or Samuel Kountz who performed the first successful kidney transplant not done on identical twins? Because of these and many other slights in many other fields, Mr. Speaker, I have not always celebrated this occasion with pleasure. During those discussions back in the late 1960s and early 1970s, I, and many others, felt that the appropriate action was not just to expand from 1 week to a month but to mandate the incorporation of AfricanAmericans’ contributions and achievements throughout the curricula of all of our schools year round. But, with each passing day, I grow more and more appreciative and respective of a lesson taught in 1 Corinthians 11:13, which I share with you in JIMCLYBURN ’s version. ‘‘When I was a child, young and inexperienced, I spoke with the reasoning and understanding of a child, but as I grew and matured, I put those childish thoughts, expressions, and ways behind me.’’ I have come to understand, Mr. Speaker, that Black History Month is not only about celebrating past achievements and contributions. It is also a time for reflection and introspection. b1945 Aristotle once intoned: ‘‘A life without contemplation is not worth living.’’ I have spent a lot of introspective moments over the last several weeks. Over the last several days, I have reflected on the comments made by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., at the annual meeting of the Medical Committee for Human Rights back in 1966, when he said: ‘‘Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane.’’ That is what was on my mind when I addressed this House on the day that we passed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. On that occasion, I referred to the Affordable Care Act as the civil rights act of the 21st century. It may seem a bit odd to some to hear the Affordable Care Act referred to as a civil rights act, but that is exactly what it is. The Affordable Care Act outlawed discrimination against children with preexisting conditions, outlawed discrimination against people with disabilities, and outlawed discrimination against women just because they are women. Mr. Speaker, I want to believe that we have grown and matured beyond where we were when our country allowed insurance companies to discriminate against women with breast cancer 
and men with prostate cancer. I would like to believe, Mr. Speaker, that we have put behind us the childish practice of kicking children off of their family insurance policies as soon as they turn 21, even if they are still in school or have not yet found employment. Mr. Speaker, what could be more childish and immature than allowing insurance companies to deny benefits to the sick and disabled in order to gain big bonuses and payouts for executives? These arguments are not new. In fact, they are reminiscent of an ageold debate. Fifty years ago, during my years of student protest, there were those who urged us to slow down. You are pushing too hard, too fast, they would say. Some of those who wanted a slower approach claimed to be on our side, like those eight White ministers who implored Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., to slow down, arguing that Christianity took 2,000 years to accomplish all it has. Those ministers believed that the escalation of marches and demonstrations to secure civil rights was unwise and untimely. In 1963, while sitting in the Birmingham city jail, Dr. King started penning a letter that, of course, he finished after leaving jail, but in that letter he dealt with the whole issue of time. In his letter, Dr. King said: ‘‘Time itself is neutral; it can be used either destructively or constructively.’’ He continued: ‘‘More and more I feel that the people of ill will have used time much more effectively than the people of good will. We will have to repent in this generation not merely for the hateful word and actions of the bad people but for the appalling silence of the good people.’’ Dr. King continued: ‘‘Human progress never rolls in on wheels of inevitably; it comes through the tireless efforts of men’’—and, I might add, women— ‘‘willing to be coworkers with God, and without this hard work, time itself becomes an ally of the forces of social stagnation. We must use time creatively, in the knowledge that time is always ripe to do right.’’ I believe these words ring true today, in our current situation. Our Nation has waited for nearly a century to find a way to bring all its citizens into the healthcare system. The time was ripe to do right for the American people. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank our assistant leader for his comments. He has such a plethora of information when it comes to the civil rights movement. He knew Reverend Abernathy and a lot of figures that aren’t as well known, like A. G. Gaston and James Farmer from my family’s hometown in Marshall, Texas. He is able to bring all of that in today and tie it into the relevance of what we are working on here in Congress. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), a friend here on the House floor from Houston. She is a fellow Texan that also knows about Black history just because so much of great Black history in our country has been made in Harris County, in Houston, Texas. I thank her for participating on this very important Special Order hour. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank my friends and distinguished leaders of this Special Order, Congressman VEASEY of Texas and Congresswoman PLASKETT of the Virgin Islands. As I begin today, I want to pose a question that was posed by Eddie Chambers. Chambers is a professor of art and art history at the University of Texas in Austin. As I say that, let me respond to Congressman VEASEY and indicate that we do have a lot of history in Harris County, but also in the State of Texas. Also, I had the privilege of working for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference during the leadership of, then, Ralph David Abernathy and met Hosea Williams and many of the foot soldiers that worked with Dr. King. I can see the historic perspective that they were able to garner by their experience and association with this great modernday profit, a man who understood that injustice anywhere is injustice everywhere. As I answer the question, I want to cite from Eddie Chambers’ article that appeared in the Chronicle today. He said in one of his sentences: ‘‘Is there an important place for a celebration that might well appear in some respects as anachronistic? ‘‘In a word,’’ he said, ‘‘yes.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘As a professor whose classes invariably deal with aspects of AfricanAmerican history and African Diaspora history, any moment of doubt I might have about the validity of Black History Month are dispelled once classes begin each semester. I am still shocked and saddened at the level of ignorance among students of important events and personalities that are part of AfricanAmerican history, and consequently, American history. I don’t, of course, blame my students, and this ignorance is by no means restricted to students of a particular ethnicity or cultural background.’’ In other words, he said: ‘‘Widespread ignorance of Black American history leads to an insufficient grasp of American history.’’ So my few words tonight will explain or highlight the fact that this is a need for not only AfricanAmerican History Month, which is February, but it needs to be taught throughout the year and integrated into the education of all students, no matter where they live; and it is shameful testimony that the books that children are learning from, the curriculum, is so missing, so lacking in the history that is American history—AfricanAmerican history. My challenge tonight is for those of my colleagues who are listening, those educators in primary and secondary education, in colleges, Ivy League and otherwise, what is your answer to the question: Is it now still time to celebrate and commemorate Black History Month? What are you doing about it? I know that Texas is certainly full and rich with history, although our schoolbooks do not denote that. In fact, there was a vigorous fight with the Texas education board on their lack of responsibility in terms of insisting on textbooks that had an accurate recounting of Black history. Certainly, we know—I hope that we know—the names of Congresswoman Shirley Chisolm, the first woman African American to run for President; my colleague and former predecessor, the Honorable Barbara Jordan, who in the Judiciary Committee said, ‘‘We, the people,’’ and repeated a statement of the importance of the Constitution; activists like Harriet Tubman, Rosa Parks, and Sojourner Truth. Secretary Hillary Clinton and myself introduced legislation to put the first American bust, that of Sojourner Truth, in the United States Capitol, where she sits today. Who would have known her name, had it not been for the celebration through that legislation of over 2,500 women who came to celebrate the placing of this bust? Astronaut Mae Jemison still remains the first AfricanAmerican woman to go into space. We have mathematicians Catherine G. Johnson, Dorothy Vaughn, and Mary Jackson, who I believe are evidenced in the film ‘‘Hidden Figures.’’ ‘‘Fences’’ is another great movie of great history. We have Maya Angelou, Toni Morrison, and Gwendolyn Brooks. All of these are evidence of great people. Or the likes of Ruby Mosley, who started with the city of Houston but was an activist and is an activist in Acres Homes. Not one thing of good news happened in Acres Homes and around the city without Ruby Mosley’s great leadership. She is still going. Barbara Jordan, Mickey Leland, Craig Washington, and myself, who served in this seat in the 18th Congressional District, fought to make sure that seniors had housing, make sure their Social Security and city services were there, and standing up to fight for civil rights. There were so many like Ruby Mosley. All of them should be placed in literature to announce their greatness. And then, of course, let me say how proud I am to have a father by the name of Ezra C. Jackson, one of the first AfricanAmerican cartoonists working in New York City in the media of comic books. He was a strange figure there. Tragically and unfortunately, as the White men begin to return after World War II, the African Americans who worked during that time, since he was the youngest of four sons—three went to World War II—were displaced. Racism. But yet I am so proud of him for being such an astute and brilliant artist. So much of his work still remains, shown in the Smithsonian in its early stages of putting together the 
National Museum of African American History and Culture. Also, my fatherinlaw, Phillip Ferguson Lee, one of the Tuskegee Airmen. Clearly, it began as an experiment to determine whether colored soldiers were capable of operating expensive and complex combat aircraft but ended as an unqualified success, based on the experience of the Tuskegee Airmen, whose record included 261 aircraft destroyed, 141 aircraft damaged, 15,553 combat sorties, and 1,578 missions over Italy and north Africa. This past weekend, we buried a church member of mine, Clyde Alexander, who was also a Tuskegee Airman. To both of those men, we pay tribute, and I ask the question: How many textbooks in America, in school districts, rural and urban, have the story about the Tuskegee Airmen? Is the question: Do we need to celebrate and commemorate Black history? If that is the question, then the answer is not only a resounding yes, but what are you doing in the academic institutions across America to ensure that we tell the story not of African American history or Black history, but of American history? Let me finish my remarks by adding a challenge evidenced in the Los Angeles Times. One of the things that comes out of the commemoration of AfricanAmerican history is a connection to the diaspora. The Congressional Black Caucus has been the singular connecting force to the diaspora, whether it is to the Caribbean; whether it is to the African Brazilians in Brazil who happen to be of Nigerian heritage; whether it is, as I indicated, in the Caribbean, where my parents and grandparents came from, from Jamaica; from Panama, where my grandfather worked on the Panama Canal. All of this is part of the portfolio of the Congressional Black Caucus, and I thank our chairman, Mr. RICHMOND . b2000 We have been the strongest voices on these issues. Mickey Leland, who was my predecessor, died on the side of an Ethiopian mountain because he cared about the horrible and devastating drought that was killing those in the region and he continued to want to take them food and to hold dying babies in his hands. Now we have a new challenge, and that is of Somalia, a new hunger emergency. Millions are going to die if this President does not recognize that his responsibilities include not only being the Commander in Chief, but many times the chief humanitarian of the world. In the last drought, some 350,000 children died in this region because of starvation. Right now they are expecting that starvation is going to impact hundreds of thousands of women and children. This is a picture of a woman and her child walking by the dead goats that would be the source of their livelihood because there is no water. As I close my remarks, I call upon this Congress and I call upon this President to get the wheels back on the White House and begin to recognize that America has always been the comforter in receiving refugees, and it has always been a friend of the continent of Africa. There are Members of Congress who have gone to Africa in times of need, but we have also worked with the administration, from George Bush to Bill Clinton, to Barack Obama and many others, who recognized that we are connected to the continent of Africa by the very slaves who were brought here. Let us fight for Somalia to survive. I call upon my fellow colleagues to join me in legislation dealing with the starvation here, that we can raise up humanitarian dollars and efforts to save the lives of hundreds of thousands who are now on the brink of starving. That is what this month commemorates, not only the African American history, but the diaspora of which we are so connected. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for sharing that great information and talking about some of the highlights that Black Americans have made toward our story when it comes to African American History Month this February. I now yield to the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands, STACY PLASKETT , who is here tonight to also talk about contributions from the part of the world that she represents. I thank her for her efforts here tonight and for being part of this Special Order hour. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman MARC VEASEY for assisting me and for being a leader in this Special Order hour for the Congressional Black Caucus. Of course, I thank the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, our friend and colleague, the Honorable CEDRIC RICHMOND , for his continued leadership of both our caucus and on issues impacting Black America and minority communities across this Nation. Mr. Speaker, Black History Month is a time to reflect on notable African American icons, their achievements as a people, and our continued struggle for a more perfect Union. Not only does it serve as a source of great pride and an anchor to the African descendants in the AfricanAmerican community, but it is also a vehicle to educate the masses on the totality of the Black experience throughout the history of this Nation. As we gather this evening to celebrate the life, legacy, and achievement of African descendants, it is important to remember the journey told and employ the same resilient spirit in our continued push for fair and equal access to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Black Caucus is a body of 49 members in both houses of Congress representing millions of African Americans and other minorities and majority people across this country. We are alarmed by the recent actions of this administration and the threat those actions pose to the hardfought progress of African descendants and minorities in this country. The nomination of Jeff Sessions as Attorney General for many minorities across this country was a direct affront to the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Stokely Carmichael, our colleague JOHNLEWIS, and the many others who sacrificed and dedicated their lives to the civil rights movement and the right to vote. The concerns expressed by the great Coretta Scott King 30 years ago about the dubious past of Mr. Sessions with respect to enforcing civil rights laws remain the same for many Americans today. Mr. Speaker, the American Dream was, in fact, made possible by the plight of African descendants, and we must remain vigilant and steadfast in the fight against racial, social, and economic injustice. Mr. Speaker, I want to raise another area of concern that African Americans have, and that is for health care. My district of the U.S. Virgin Islands, home to the first AfricanAmerican female physician in Congress, my esteemed predecessor, Donna Christensen, like many underserved communities across the country, is adversely impacted by disparate health outcomes. Diabetes, hypertension, along with funding for disease such as sickle cell, may be adversely affected in this administration. Programs for nutrition and preventative health, like Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, or TANF, and Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Programs, or SNAP, provide critical food to the neediest in all of our communities, especially mine, the Virgin Islands, and especially to our children. Repeal of the Affordable Care Act would create unhealthy AfricanAmerican communities. Since the Affordable Care Act was passed, nearly half of the AfricanAmerican adults who didn’t have health insurance now have health insurance. Under the Affordable Care Act, the number of workingage AfricanAmerican adults who are uninsured has been cut from 27 percent to 14 percent, the lowest rate ever. The number of AfricanAmerican children without insurance also decreased to the lowest rate ever, negative 5 percent. Repealing the Affordable Care Act would take away coverage for more than 3.3 million African Americans. In my district, we are looking for ways to expand coverage, not to remove or repeal it. Members of this caucus and members before us have offered policy solutions and continue to push policies and initiatives that would help AfricanAmerican communities because we know the work that our communities have done, the work of our forefathers to ensure that we have a place at the table; individuals like Shirley Chisholm, as was 
spoken about by my colleague S HEILA  JACKSON LEE. People who have come to America to be part of the experience of the African diaspora are people from many parts of the Caribbean. Right now we have Congresswoman YVETTE  CLARKE , representing the Ninth District of New York, of Jamaican descent. Other notable Jamaicans who have served this country: General Colin Powell, the first Black U.S. Secretary of State; Constance Baker Motley, the first Black woman appointed to the Federal bench; our previous Attorney General, Eric Holder, whose family hails from Barbados; Cicely Tyson, the Academy Awardnominated actress whose family is from Nevis; Edward Blyden, from my own St. Thomas, who has been known as the father of pan Africanism; Hubert Harrison, a prominent political activist, writer, and orator; and my own special hero, Ruby Rouss of the island of St. Croix, who was the first Black woman assigned as a permanent staff of the Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe. It is the work of these great African Americans and those who are not heralded and those that we don’t know. Ms. JACKSON LEEtalked about her own family members. My own father, LeRoy Plaskett, and my mother, who came from the Virgin Islands and went to New York as older siblings to give back and to ensure that their younger siblings could have the things needed back home in the Virgin Islands. They have given a legacy for all of us, and we are so grateful for the work they have all done. I spoke of Congresswoman YVETTE CLARKE of New York. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to another distinguished member of the New York delegation, my colleague, the great HAKEEM JEFFRIES , who has led this Special Order before and who I look to for guidance on how to continue the great work that he and JOYCE BEATTY did previously. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands for her very kind remarks and for yielding and for the tremendous job that she and my classmate, MARCVEASEY , have done in leading this CBC Special Order hour over this 115th Congress during the last few weeks. We stand here today in the midst of Black History Month where many African Americans throughout the country are asking the question: What do we do now that the unthinkable has occurred? As a community, as a nation, we have gone from the Presidency—distinguished and dynamic 8 years—of Barack Obama to the current situation where we have a swamp percolating at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue under the leadership of Donald J. Trump. He began Black History Month by saying that he was convening folks for what he called his little Black history breakfast. Those of us who actually watched some of the coverage seemed perplexed by his reference to the great Frederick Douglass as if he was still alive. If anyone has any questions about the relevance of Black History Month, we can start by noting that perhaps it is important to make sure that the Nation’s Commander in Chief understands the contributions that African Americans have made to the United States of America, going all the way back to the Boston Massacre, where one of its leaders, Crispus Attucks, was the first American killed at the onset of the American Revolution in connection with the Boston Massacre, challenging the unjust taxation policies of the British Empire. Now, the 45th President of the United States of America asked a question over the last several months: What exactly do Black folks have to lose? Many of us were perplexed by that question, given his history, and actually think that you have lost your mind if you come to the conclusion that the current occupant of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue has any interest in making a positive difference in the lives of people of color generally, African Americans specifically, perhaps because of his own history. We know that in the early 1970s The Trump Organization, of which he was president, was sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination in the housing stock that they owned, where they were denying African Americans and people of Puerto Rican ancestry access to apartments, notwithstanding their economic qualifications to be renters or coop owners. I would just note parenthetically that it was the Nixon Justice Department—not the Kennedy Justice Department or the Johnson Justice Department or the Carter Justice Department or the Clinton Justice Department or the Obama Justice Department—that concluded that Donald J. Trump and his organization was discriminating on the basis of race. Those of us from New York understand that the current occupant of the White House was the leader of the hightech lynch mob designed to try to get the wrongfully convicted Central Park Five sentenced to death, taking out a fullpage ad in some of the local periodicals in New York calling for that. It turns out that all five individuals were wrongfully convicted and spent years in jail for a crime they did not commit. Donald J. Trump has never apologized for that reckless and irresponsible action. Then, of course, for 5 years he perpetrated the racist lie that Barack Obama was not born in the United States of America, all designed to undermine the legitimacy of the 44th President of the United States of America, which is why here in Black History Month it is very interesting to me that some of my friends on the other side of the aisle question whether we, as members of the Congressional Black Caucus, or others are being irresponsible in not giving the current President a chance. How dare you ask that question. From the beginning of the Presidency of Barack Obama, you declared war on him. You followed a philosophy that may be familiar to those of us who are familiar with the history of the Deep South: obstruction today, obstruction tomorrow, obstruction forever. b2015 Mr. MCCONNELL declared that his top priority was to make Barack Obama a oneterm President. And yet, he questions whether Americans, who are part of the growing resistance movement, have failed to give Donald Trump a chance. Let’s be clear. He has zero credibility on the issue of lecturing us about Presidential etiquette. We will decide what the rules of engagement are when it comes to this current President. Pipe down as it relates to talking to any of us about how to engage the White House because he has no credibility on the issue. His obstruction took place in the midst of two failed wars in the worst economy since the Great Depression. So we have got a lot of issues that we have got to sort out with this current President here in Black History Month, both for the AfricanAmerican community and for the broader community of Americans in blue States, in red States, in urban America, in rural America, in suburban America, in the north, the south, the east, and the west. And I look forward to working with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus, and others, to tackle issues like criminal justice reform, to fix the Voting Rights Act that was damaged in such an irresponsible way by the Supreme Court decision in Shelby County v. Holder, and to work to build an economy that works for all Americans, not simply the millionaires and billionaires who dominate the Trump Cabinet. I thank my distinguished colleague from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) for giving me the opportunity to share some thoughts today. I thank my colleague, MARCVEASEY , for his continued leadership. And I look forward to hearing my distinguished colleague, BRENDALAWRENCE , from Motown. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. VEASEY . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distinguished gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ), who is my classmate and one of my very good dear friends. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative MARC VEASEY from Texas, who has been an amazing advocate for voting rights and has been standing with the people in Texas across this country for American values with the refugee ban. And I can’t say enough about my colleague, my freshman class member, STACY PLASKETT , from the beautiful Virgin Islands. Her commitment to being a voice for people who are often not heard has been one that has been valuable, not only to us here in Congress but for this country. 
Mr. Speaker, Black History Month is a time to celebrate our progress while recognizing the challenges that we still face today. The President, Donald Trump, posed the question to African Americans asking: What do you have to lose? Our Black history is outlined with the great progress and hard sacrifices endured by our forefathers. Under this administration and under these current circumstances that we are dealing with, yes, Mr. President, we have a lot to lose. We have a lot to lose for every point of progress that we have made in this country. And for every hard fought step forward, we have a lot to lose. Instead of draining the swamp, this administration is filling it with unqualified and dangerous megadonors. Our basic rights and privileges included in our Constitution are under the risk of being attacked under this administration. Old battles that we fought and celebrate the wins, such as equal rights and quality education and criminal justice, have now begun again anew. How are they under attack, you would ask? Well, let’s go appointment by appointment. Under DeVos’ leadership, our education system is under attack. African Americans have historically fought for equal access and opportunity in education. African Americans had to suffer through the Jim Crow era to fight a segregated education system. They were forced to learn under a system that was both separate and unequal. African Americans have faced and fought against injustice in the education system ever since our emancipation. And now, in 2017, our Secretary of Education is Betsy DeVos. And frankly, she is not qualified to be the Secretary of Education because she has zero experience in public education, and she is not the right person to lead our public schools. Being a millionaire does not mean you are qualified to direct good policy. We have real issues in Detroit. Under DeVos’ direct involvement in Michigan public schools, we now have a challenge in our city of Detroit with school deserts. Some of you may not have heard about that. But a school desert is where a community does not have a local public school to attend. This means a family’s only opportunity to educate their children would be to go to a forprofit charter school that is miles away, and there is no public transportation given for your child to get there, so you are in a school desert. Our Secretary of Education should be enforcing civil rights equality and making sure that every child is educated in America, and this includes children of color who can’t advocate for themselves. Funneling taxpayer dollars to private religious schools is a step backwards. Resegregation masked under the guise of school of choice is a step backwards. So let’s talk about Secretary Sessions. Our criminal justice system is under attack. Civil rights icons that we know and celebrate during Black History Month, like Martin Luther King and our amazing Congressman JOHNLEWIS, endured pain and suffering during a peaceful protest and support of voting rights in 1965. Disproportionate injustices against African Americans and minorities did not end with the civil rights movement. Today, we fight for equality under the law. This fight continues. Now, we have Senator Jeff Sessions charged with leading the Justice Department. His record speaks for itself. He was denied for a position as a Federal court judge speaks volumes. Clearly, there seems to be a certain amount of fear of the truth when it comes from the mouth of Coretta Scott King. We cannot go backwards. African Americans have worked hard to be a part of the fabric of this country through education, and health care is one of them. Let’s talk about Charles Drew, who, with his research, developed a technique to have blood banks that we can use in transfusions; Daniel Williams, the first person to successfully complete openheart surgery; and Dr. Patricia Bath, whose invention in cataract lenses transformed eye surgery, and she was the first AfricanAmerican woman doctor to receive a patent for a medical invention. Now, our society’s most vulnerable stand to lose something that we fought so hard for, and that is ensuring everyone receives health care in America, ACA. Women should not be charged more for insurance than a man. The sick shouldn’t be denied insurance because of preexisting conditions. And Republicans instead want to repeal, take away, the ACA without any plan to replace it. We are going backwards. This month, we celebrate how far we have come. We celebrate the progress of the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act. We celebrate the heros and sheros who paved the way. We have come too far to go back now. That is why I am proud to be a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, along with others who have fought for Americans’ equality and for the millions of Americans we represent. It is time for us to remember the great progress we have made as a nation. It is time to remember the past injustices so that we never repeat them. The sacrifices of those who came before us must never be forgotten. Their sacrifices must not be in vain. During this month of remembrance, let us all remember we are not going back. We, the AfricanAmerican community, we Americans, we are moving forward. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. LAWRENCE so much for that discussion and inspiration she has given us. We are not going to go back. We have heard from so many of our colleagues about the achievements of African Americans. But not just the achievements—the struggles, and the issues that we are facing today. Mr. Speaker, we heard from Congresswoman SHEILA JACKSON LEE, who outlined not just the past struggles of African Americans and their achievements, but also about the rising concerns throughout the African diaspora when she talked about what is happening in Somalia and other places, and the fact that African Americans have a duty to support other diasporas and the work that they are doing and the struggles they have. We heard about the Affordable Care Act from our assistant leader, Mr. CLYBURN , the civil rights movement, the work that was done, and the assault that is occurring now on some of those issues. So we, as the Congressional Black Caucus, have a duty to present those issues here before you all, our colleagues, here in Congress, Mr. Speaker, to put those issues on the RECORD so that we can expound on them. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Mr. VEASEY if there is anything else that he wanted to discuss or that he reflected on in hearing some of the words that our colleagues spoke about today. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) for offering that to me. There were several things that I heard that were deeply inspiring, yet deeply troubling at the same time. It is amazing how when you start talking about Black history, and you get ready to apply it to present day, you understand just how important it is that we do bridge those two things—the history, the future, and where we are at today. If you look at education, for instance, I know that BRENDA LAWRENCE  talked about the school desert phenomena and how there are some neighborhoods where there are no neighborhood schools. That is really sad. Because when you think about Brown v. Board of Education and some of the things that were brought out about people having to travel great distances just to be able to get an education, and now you start looking at today in modernday America and there still are no neighborhood schools, there is still segregation in schools, and then you see a Secretary of Education who wants to try to implement plans that many say would resegregate the schools, would eliminate neighborhood schools, that is what brought us here. The neighborhood school is what brought us here. That is what allowed us to have so many great inventions when you start talking about the inventions in Black History Month, when you learn about medicine, when you start talking about science, almost all of those people mentioned, even during that time of some of the most awful segregation in our country. 
And I think about that in my own family. I have a high school invitation from the 1930s in a little town called Henderson in Rusk County. I think LOUIE GOHMERT is the representative there. When you open up the high school invitation—it is from my grandmother’s first cousin—and it says Henderson Negro High School, and the graduation will be held at the Henderson Negro High School auditorium. I like to bring that up because when people start asking: Well, why is there Black History Month— Ms. PLASKETT. So we don’t forget. Mr. VEASEY. So we don’t forget. But before there was a Black History Month, people started putting those things—Black, Negro, colored, whatever it may happen to be for that time period—in front of schools. They didn’t put White in front of there. There was no Henderson White High School. It was the Negro High School. b2030 I think the important thing in our trying to bridge all of that is we want to make sure that we don’t go back. We don’t want to take steps backwards when it comes particularly to education because all of those people, whether they went to the Henderson Negro High School, whether it be blood transfusions—whatever it may happen to be—they got there because of the investment that we made in this country in our public education system. The fact that someone in a position of importance would want to roll back those opportunities is absolutely scary. It is the same with health care, when you start talking about health care and so many people who don’t have adequate health care. It is when we see the racial discrepancies and the life expectancy amongst African Americans. An AfricanAmerican man, in particular, has the lowest life expectancy. And you want to remove people—20 million Americans—from having life insurance? Ms. PLASKETT. Sure. Mr. VEASEY. It is absolutely scary. I thank the gentlewoman for participating in this very timely conversation. We needed to have this conversation with the country. Ms. PLASKETT. We did. There are some additional conversations that we need to have, but I know that our time has drawn nigh. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, February 14, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 543. A letter from the Assistant to the Board, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Amendments to the Capital Plan and Stress Test Rules [Docket No.: R1548] (RIN: 7100 AE59) received February 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 544. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulations, Office of Policy Development and Research, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects received February 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 545. A letter from the Special Inspector General, Office of the Special Inspector General For The Troubled Asset Relief Program, transmitting the Office’s quarterly report on the actions undertaken by the Department of the Treasury under the Troubled Asset Relief Program; to the Committee on Financial Services. 546. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting a report titled ‘‘Effects of Climate Change on Federal Hydropower: The Second Report to Congress’’, pursuant to Sec. 9505 of the SECURE Water Act of 2009; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 547. A letter from the Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Refuse to Accept Procedures for Premarket Tobacco Product Submissions; Revised Effective Date [Docket No.: FDA2016N1555] received February 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 548. A letter from the Associate Administrator, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Initial Report to Congress on the EPA’s Capacity to Implement Certain Provisions of the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act as required under Sec. 26(m)(1) of the Toxic Substances Control Act as amended; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 549. A letter from the Acting Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a sixmonth periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Lebanon that was declared in Executive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 550. A letter from the Director, International Cooperation, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 0417, informing of an intent to sign the Memorandum of Agreement Between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the Kingdom of Denmark, pursuant to Section 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act and Executive Order 13637; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 551. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16104, pursuant to Sections 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 552. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16079, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 553. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16109, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 554. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16101, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 555. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16096, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 556. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16084, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 557. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16133, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 558. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16127, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 559. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16119, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 560. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting determinations of the Secretary and the associated report, pursuant to the Iran Freedom and CounterProliferation Act of 2012; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 561. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting seventeen (17) notifications of a federal vacancy, designation of acting officer, nomination, or action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 562. A letter from the Solicitor, Federal Labor Relations Authority, transmitting a notification of a federal vacancy, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 563. A letter from the General Counsel, National Mediation Board, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Access to Information [Docket No.: C7156] (RIN: 3140AA00) received February 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 564. A letter from the Acting Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting a decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, United States v. Robert Cardena et al., 842 F.3d 959 (7th Cir. 2016), pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 
530D(a)(1); Public Law 107273, Sec. 202(a); (116 Stat. 1771); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 565. A letter from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting an update on the Bureau of Prisons’ compliance with the Revitalization Act’s privatization requirements, pursuant to Public Law 10533, Sec. 11201(c)(2)(B); (111 Stat. 734); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 566. A letter from the Chief, Regulations and Standards Branch, Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Civil Penalty Inflation Adjustment [Docket ID: BSEE20170001; 17XE1700DX EX1SF0000.DAQ000 EEEE50000] (RIN: 1014AA34) received February 6, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 567. A letter from the Chairman and CEO, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Rules of Practice and Procedure; Adjusting Civil Money Penalties for Inflation (RIN: 3052 AD16) received February 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 568. A letter from the Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalties —— 2017 Adjustment [Docket No.: EP 716 (SubNo. 2)] received February 9, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 569. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Procedure for Early Voluntary CountrybyCountry Filing (Rev. Proc. 201723) received February 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 570. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Updated Withholding Foreign Partnership Agreement and Withholding Foreign Trust Agreement (Rev. Proc. 201721) received February 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 571. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final regulations and temporary regulations — Dividend Equivalents from Sources within the United States [TD 9815] (RIN: 1545BM33) received February 8, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 116. Resolution providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 66) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by States for non governmental employees, and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 67) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by qualified State political subdivisions for nongovernmental employees (Rept. 115–11). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. S CHRA DER, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. ROSEN , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. BONAMICI , and Ms. S HEAPORTER ): H.R. 1001. A bill to exempt certain veterans and other individuals from the application of the hiring freeze; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DENT (for himself, Mr. TONKO , Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. T HOMP SONof Pennsylvania, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. MEEHAN , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. ALLEN , Mr. POLIS, and Mr. B ARLETTA ): H.R. 1002. A bill to authorize a National Heritage Area Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 1003. A bill to authorize the establishment of a program of voluntary separation incentive payments for nonjudicial employees of the District of Columbia courts and employees of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. FARENTHOLD ): H.R. 1004. A bill to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of information relating to pending agency regulatory actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ZELDIN (for himself and Miss RICEof New York): H.R. 1005. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself, Mr. CONYERS , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. RASKIN , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mrs. TORRES , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. ESHOO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. ELLISON , and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia): H.R. 1006. A bill to clarify the rights of all persons who are held or detained at a port of entry or at any detention facility overseen by U.S. Customs and Border Protection or U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. KING of New York, and Mr. PETERSON ): H.R. 1007. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a task force on Agent Orange exposure; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SOTO (for himself and Mr. CRIST): H.R. 1008. A bill to ensure reliable observation of hurricanes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. MITCHELL (for himself, Mr. MEADOWS , and Mr. P ALMER ): H.R. 1009. A bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to require the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs to review regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BARLETTA: H.R. 1010. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to expand the definition of an unauthorized alien to include aliens who have not been admitted to and are not lawfully present in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 1011. A bill to make clear that an agency outside of the Department of Health and Human Services may not designate, appoint, or employ special consultants, fellows, or other employees under subsection (f) or (g) of section 207 of the Public Health Service Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 1012. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the dollar limitation on employerprovided group term life insurance that can be excluded from the gross income of the employee; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, Ms. JACKSON LEE, and Mr. N OLAN ): H.R. 1013. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the abovethe line deduction for certain expenses of elementary and secondary school teachers to individuals involved in early childhood education programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. CLARKE of New York (for herself, Ms. LEE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. VARGAS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. SOTO, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. MEEKS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Ms. BASS, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. ELLISON , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. SERRANO ): H.R. 1014. A bill to designate Haiti under section 244 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to permit nationals of Haiti to be eligible for temporary protected status under such section; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Ms. NORTON , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. S OTO, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B EYER , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. MATSUI , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , and Mr. P OLIS): H.R. 1015. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against 
income tax for qualified conservation contributions which include National Scenic Trails; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. RASKIN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. S ERRANO ): H.R. 1016. A bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to establish an Office of Inspector General in the Executive Office of the President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DENT (for himself, Mr. PAYNE , and Mr. LANCE ): H.R. 1017. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is required during the screening; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DESJARLAIS (for himself and Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee): H.R. 1018. A bill to replace the Director of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection with a 5person commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself, Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. W ITTMAN, Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. BRAT): H.R. 1019. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 255 West Main Street Charlottesville, Virginia, as the ‘‘Justice Antonin G. Scalia Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself and Mr. BRAT): H.R. 1020. A bill to allow the manufacture, importation, distribution, and sale of investigational drugs and devices intended for use by terminally ill patients who execute an informed consent document, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself and Mr. BRAT): H.R. 1021. A bill to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. NORTON , Mr. B EYER , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S OTO, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. N ADLER, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. KEATING , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. COOPER , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. A DAMS , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. TAKANO , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. SHEAPORTER , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. F OSTER, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ): H.R. 1022. A bill to provide that 6 of the 12 weeks of parental leave made available to a Federal employee shall be paid leave, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself and Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts): H.R. 1023. A bill to create penalties for massage establishment owners and employees who fail to report knowledge or reasonable suspicion of sexual assault; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 1024. A bill to amend section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, to require that annual budget submissions of the President to Congress provide an estimate of the cost per taxpayer of the deficit and of the public debt; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , and Mr. Q UIGLEY ): H.R. 1025. A bill to provide for media coverage of Federal appellate court proceedings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NOLAN (for himself, Mr. WELCH , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. PETERSON , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. WALZ, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. BEYER , Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. FASO, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , and Mr. P AULSEN ): H.R. 1026. A bill to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SARBANES (for himself, Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. DELAURO , and Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut): H.R. 1027. A bill to amend title XXI of the Social Security Act to improve access to, and the delivery of, children’s health services through schoolbased health centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 1028. A bill to amend titles 23 and 49, United States Code, with respect to congestion mitigation and metropolitan transportation planning, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. TIPTON (for himself and Mr. SCALISE ): H.J. Res. 71. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Office of Natural Resources Revenue of the Department of the Interior relating to consolidated Federal oil and gas and Federal and Indian coal valuation reform; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CHABOT: H. Res. 114. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Small Business in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. SESSIONS: H. Res. 115. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Rules in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself and Mr. CUMMINGS ): H. Res. 117. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. MCGOVERN , and Mr. P OCAN ): H. Res. 118. A resolution expressing support for the designation of February 14 of each year as International Flower Workers’ Day, in acknowledgment of workers in flowerproducing countries and to demonstrate the commitment of the United States to practices that respect labor rights in other countries; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOODLATTE: H. Res. 119. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on the Judiciary in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H. Res. 120. A resolution expressing the sense of the House with regard to the courts’ actions against President Trump’s executive order; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mr. MULLIN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. BUCHANAN , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. N ORTON, Ms. M ENG, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. PETERS , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. DEFAZIO): H. Res. 121. A resolution expressing support for health and wellness coaches and ‘‘National Health and Wellness Coach Recognition Week’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H. Res. 122. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 1001. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. DENT: H.R. 1002. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 1003. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 1004. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States; the power to regulate commerce among the several states and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers. The bill will prevent Executive Agencies from violating the rule and spirit of the Administrative Procedures Act by requiring additional transparency about public communications made by the agencies; most importantly communications made with the intent of artificially promoting support for pending regulatory actions. Congress has the authority to limit regulations by the Executive branch under its Commerce Clause power and it is necessary and proper to introduce legislation to effectively carryout this power. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 1005. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 1006. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 1007. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Clause 1: Congress shall have power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 1008. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MITCHELL: H.R. 1009. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers. By Mr. BARLETTA: H.R. 1010. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 4 and 18 By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 1011. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, clause 7, ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 1012. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII, clause 1 enumerates that, ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises . . .’’ Further, Amendment XVI states that ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several states, and without regard to any census or enumeration.’’ By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: H.R. 1013. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have power . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 1014. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 1015. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 or article I of the Constitution, and clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 1016. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. DENT: H.R. 1017. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8, Article I of the Constitution, to provide for the general welfare, to regulate commerce, and to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution federal powers. By Mr. DESJARLAIS: H.R. 1018. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power ....  T o  make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 1019. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States), Clause 6 (relating to post offices and post roads), and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 1020. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 1021. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 which states: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power To . . . establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization . . .’’ By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 1022. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress shall have the power . . . to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 1023. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 1024. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, which provides that, ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States,’’ and Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7, which provides that, ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be publish from time to time.’’ By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 1025. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 1026. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the authority to enact this bill. By Mr. SARBANES: H.R. 1027. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 1028. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article I, section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. TIPTON: H.J. Res. 71. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 25: Mr. H ENSARLING . H.R. 60: Mr. SIMPSON . H.R. 112: Mr. MAST. H.R. 179: Mr. COOK, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 233: Ms. DELBENE and Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 244: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 246: Mr. KINZINGER , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. FASO, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. 
ROUZER , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. B OST, Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. MEADOWS , and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 275: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 281: Mr. NEWHOUSE , H.R. 291: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 299: Mr. PALLONE , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. FITZPATRICK , and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 350: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. WALZ, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. JORDAN , and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 355: Mr. YOHO. H.R. 367: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 389: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 391: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 392: Mr. POCAN , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. RICEof South Carolina, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 394: Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 402: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 421: Mr. BACON . H.R. 428: Mr. LUCAS . H.R. 459: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 469: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 502: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. WALZ, Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. KENNEDY , and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 512: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. H IGGINS  of New York, Mr. WALKER , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 523: Mr. HENSARLING and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 530: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. KIHUEN . H.R. 540: Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. J EFFRIES , and Ms. H ANABUSA . H.R. 544: Mr. THOMPSON of California and Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 550: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 613: Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. CONAWAY , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R OHRABACHER , and Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 624: Mr. ISSA. H.R. 625: Mr. COOK. H.R. 630: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 632: Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. SWALWELL of California, and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 637: Mr. SHIMKUS . H.R. 656: Mr. OLSON , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, and Mr. RUSSELL . H.R. 662: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Ms. M OORE , and Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 664: Mr. KATKO and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 671: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Ms. R OSEN , and Mr. CRIST. H.R. 686: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 691: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 696: Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and Mr. CLAY. H.R. 710: Mr. HARPER and Mr. H ENSARLING . H.R. 721: Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. LOEBSACK , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 747: Mr. BANKS of Indiana, Mr. S CHRA DER, Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. C ALVERT , and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 748: Mr. SCHIFF , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 756: Mr. RUSSELL and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 757: Mr. CLAY, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. SIRES, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 772: Mr. CARTER of Georgia and Mr. LUCAS . H.R. 782: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 787: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Ms. J UDY CHUof California. H.R. 800: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 804: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. KHANNA , Mr. K EATING , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. K IHUEN , and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 807: Ms. NORTON , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. DELAURO , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. JONES , Mr. C OLE, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. HARPER , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 816: Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. KEATING , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. G AETZ , Ms. NORTON , and Ms. L EE. H.R. 820: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. T IPTON, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. C RAMER , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. BUSTOS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali fornia, Mr. POLIS, Mr. S ARBANES , and Mr. MULLIN . H.R. 828: Mr. BYRNE , Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. WALKER , and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 830: Mr. BARR. H.R. 842: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 850: Mr. FASOand Mr. Y OHO. H.R. 852: Mr. DEUTCH . H.R. 858: Mr. RUIZand Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 860: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 866: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 868: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 869: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 881: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. WELCH , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. COOPER . H.R. 893: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 898: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 906: Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 909: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. PLASKETT , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. E VANS , Mr. KIHUEN , and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 926: Mr. HASTINGS and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 931: Mr. REED, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 939: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 943: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 947: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas and Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 972: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 974: Mr. YODER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. GARAMENDI , and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 976: Mr. TAKANO and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 997: Mr. MASSIE and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 998: Mr. SESSIONS and Mr. C HAFFETZ . H.J. Res. 6: Mr. PALMER and Mr. B UDD. H.J. Res. 27: Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. RENACCI . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. COOPER . H.J. Res. 42: Mr. RATCLIFFE and Mr. B ABIN. H.J. Res. 53: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Ms. ROSEN , and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H.J. Res. 59: Ms. CHENEY and Mr. H UDSON . H.J. Res. 66: Mr. ROEof Tennessee and Mr. SESSIONS . H.J. Res. 67: Mr. ROEof Tennessee and Mr. SESSIONS . H.J. Res. 69: Mr. SESSIONS and Mr. M OONEY  of West Virginia. H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. SOTO. H. Con. Res. 21: Mr. GRIJALVA . H. Res. 15: Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. PETERS , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mrs. BEATTY , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. TENNEY , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, and Ms. SA´NCHEZ . H. Res. 21: Mr. GALLEGO . H. Res. 23: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H. Res. 28: Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. COOK, Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. DONOVAN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Ms. L EE, Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. DINGELL , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. D IAZ BALART , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor gia, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C LAY, Ms. MENG, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. T ENNEY . H. Res. 30: Mr. PETERS and Mr. T HOMPSON  of California. H. Res. 31: Ms. DELAURO , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. NADLER , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. A GUILAR , and Ms. TENNEY . H. Res. 47: Mr. FASO. H. Res. 57: Ms. SPEIER . H. Res. 60: Mr. HENSARLING . H. Res. 72: Mr. VELA. H. Res. 78: Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. DEGETTE . H. Res. 79: Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. RYANof Ohio, and Mr. S ERRANO . H. Res. 85: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H. Res. 94: Ms. JACKSON LEEand Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H. Res. 102: Mr. COHEN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. VELA, Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H. Res. 104: Ms. CLARKE of New York and Mr. KIHUEN . H. Res. 105: Mr. PANETTA , Ms. M OORE , Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Ms. ADAMS . H. Res. 111: Ms. LEE, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S ARBANES , and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BY MS. FOXX The provisions warranting a referral to the Committee on Education and the Workforce in H.J. Res. 66 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BY MS. FOXX The provisions warranting a referral to the Committee on Education and the Workforce in H.J. Res 67 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
13. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Common Council of Albany, NY, relative to Resolution No. 11.12.17R (MC), opposing a wholesale repeal of the Affordable Care Act, urging Congress to protect Americans from losing health insurance, and recognizing health care as a basic human right; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 14. Also, a petition of the City Council of Akron, OH, relative to Resolution No. 15 2017, urging the Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell not to repeal the Affordable Care Act as this law has been so important for the health and wellbeing of Akron residents; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, the Judiciary, Natural Resources, House Administration, Rules, and Appropriations. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1095 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 2017 No. 25 
The Senate met at 12 noon and was called to order by 