Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of the Honorable John B. Anderson and pay tribute to a man who inspired many to serve. On December 3, 2017, John Anderson passed away at the age of 95. In mourn-ing his death, I send my condolences to his wife, Keke, and the entire Anderson family. A native of Rockford, Illinois, John Anderson attended Rockford Central High School and graduated from the University of Illinois in 1939. Before representing Illinois’ 16th District in the House of Representatives, the dis-trict that I now proudly represent, John Anderson answered the call to serve as a staff sergeant in the United States Army. He left law school in 1943 to enlist, and bravely served his country through the end of World War II. A decorated war veteran, John Anderson was hon-ored with four battle stars for valor in combat. Upon returning home to Rockford, John finished his law degree at the University of Illinois, and then went to Harvard to earn his master of laws de-gree. A few years later, he joined the Foreign Service and worked in Ger-many for the United States High Com-missioner. After returning home to Rockford, he was elected as Winnebago County State’s Attorney in 1956. Shortly after, he joined the primary race for Congress and went on to win the House seat in 1960. For 10 terms, John Anderson rep-resented the 16th Congressional Dis-trict of Illinois. He was on the powerful Rules Committee and held firm to his fiscally conservative values. He be-lieved in a smaller and more account-able government, and he wasn’t afraid to speak up for it. His servant leadership and love of country earned him the chairmanship of the House Republican Conference, ranking third in House leadership. This esteemed position eventually led to his run for President. John Anderson believed that his job was worth giving up in order to set a better example of realism in politics. As a community and as a country, we are better for his candor, his focus, and his honesty. To this day, John’s pragmatic ap-proach and self-awareness continue to inspire many and greatly impact my service here in Congress. Mr. Speaker, John Anderson dedi-cated his life to serving our Rockford community and this great Nation, and he served us proudly. After his political career, he continued to serve by becom-ing a visiting professor at several uni-versities across the country. On behalf of the 16th Congressional District of Illinois, we salute the serv-ice of our fallen leader, friend, neigh-bor, and dedicated civil servant. It is my hope that his legacy will continue to inspire generations to come and that his impact will never be forgotten. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1, TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–476) on the resolution (H. Res. 668) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for reconciliation pursu-ant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REMEMBER OUR MILITARY PER-SONNEL THIS CHRISTMAS SEA-SON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, as individuals across the country travel near and far to be with loved ones this holiday season, I ask that we remember our military per-sonnel who will not be surrounded by family and friends this Christmas. In-stead, our military men and women 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.000 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10250 December 20, 2017 
will be stationed all over the world to protect and defend the United States of America. There are about 1.3 million military personnel on Active Duty who serve in more than 170 countries. While it is not easy to be away from family, it is espe-cially difficult during the holidays. But, Mr. Speaker, events like Amer-ican Red Cross’ Holiday Mail for He-roes card-signing campaign lets our troops know that we are keeping them in our thoughts and prayers. Since 2007, the Holiday Mail for Heroes program has provided Americans the oppor-tunity to extend holiday greetings, ex-pressions of gratitude, and well wishes to servicemembers, veterans, and their families. Last year, the Red Cross dis-tributed thousands of cards to troops across the globe. As we are extending our support to military personnel serving overseas, the Marine Corps Reserve is giving back to those who are less fortunate right here in our own backyard. Toys for Tots, which was founded in 1947 by Reservist Major Bill Hendricks, col-lects new, unwrapped toys each year and distributes them as Christmas gifts to children in need. As of 2016, Toys for Tots collected and distributed more than 512 million toys to less fortunate children. That kind of selflessness truly em-bodies the spirit of Christmas. Mr. Speaker, we cannot forget to honor our fallen heroes this Christmas season. One of our finest holiday tradi-tions that honors our fallen service-members took place last Saturday: Wreaths Across America. Many Americans can recall the iconic photograph of wreaths on the tombstones at Arlington National Cemetery. Snow blankets the ground. Red ribbons adorn the balsam wreaths, which lay on rows of tombstones as far as the eye can see. This annual tribute began in 1992 by a Maine wreathmaker named Morrill Worcester, who donated 5,000 wreaths to Arlington National Cemetery in honor of our fallen heroes. Today, Wreaths Across America has grown into a national organization. A total of 1.2 million wreaths were placed on markers across the country in more than 1,200 locations, with more than 200,000 at Arlington National Cemetery alone. The mission is to remember, honor, and teach. Morrill describes the wreaths as a symbol of honor, respect, and victory. As we celebrate with our loved ones, let us remember all of our military men and women, especially those we lost in service to this Nation. Thank you to Morrill and to all the volunteers who honor their memory. Mr. Speaker, I thank all of our troops serving at home and overseas. I wish them a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year. Merry Christmas and God bless America. DISTRICT ATTORNEY BIVENS RETIREMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. K
USTOFF ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great west Tennesseean and a dear friend of mine, District Attorney General Phil Bivens. After more than 25 remarkable years, Phil Bivens is retiring from his post as district attorney general of Ten-nessee’s 29th judicial district, which covers both Dyer and Lake Counties. Since 1992, Phil Bivens has been the consistent voice of law and order in his community. District Attorney General Bivens is a lifelong resident of Dyer County and a graduate of the Univer-sity of Tennessee at Martin and the University of Memphis School of Law. Throughout his career as a pros-ecutor, District Attorney General Bivens has handled some incredibly im-portant cases and has earned a reputa-tion for being fair, honest, and by the book. In 2016, District Attorney General Bivens was elected to the executive committee for the Tennessee District Attorneys General Conference. Serving in this respected leadership role, he has advised the Tennessee General Assem-bly on issues related to the criminal justice system. When I was the United States Attor-ney for the Western District of Ten-nessee, I also served Dyer and Lake Counties, so we worked together very closely. We worked together to tackle dangerous crimes and drug crimes. Most recently, District Attorney Gen-eral Bivens has been instrumental in combating the growing opioid crisis that is hurting west Tennessee and cer-tainly the entire country. During our time together, I saw firsthand District Attorney General Bivens’ strong work ethic and dedication to making west Tennessee a safer place. He is a true public servant. In addition to being known as a pros-ecutor, he is also the voice of the Dyersburg High School football team. District Attorney General Bivens spends Friday nights calling some of the most thrilling high school football games in the Nation. In summary, District Attorney Gen-eral Bivens is a real west Tennessee legend. While he may soon no longer be our district attorney general, I know that he will never stop working to make his community a better place, just as he has his entire life. I will al-ways be grateful for the time that we worked together. I wish Phil Bivens; his wife, Barbara; and their whole family the best as they begin their next exciting chapter. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 10 a.m. today. Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 11 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. f 
b1000 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at 10 a.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Lord of Heaven and Earth, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Darkness descends upon us as the days grow shorter, and the cold chas-tens us to withdraw inside. Be for us the light we long for. The very promise of change creates expectation. By the first hints of Your dawn, ban-ish all fear and hesitation. May those who live on the margins of America’s rich blessings have peace and pros-perity too. Because You are always faithful, strengthen us with Your mighty arm, that this Congress may be unified in lifting Your people to renewed hope. May all that is done in the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.003 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10251 December 20, 2017 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 20, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 20, 2017, at 1:18 a.m.: That the Senate recede from its amend-ment with a further amendment H.R. 1. That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 695. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, it has been 5 years since 20 children were senselessly murdered in the Sandy Hook massacre. And while we will never forget the young lives we lost that day, we must also remember that this tragic, life-altering and life-rob-bing epidemic continues to impact thousands of other families across the country. Two weeks ago, I had the honor of meeting the parents of Alexandria Burgos. On October 19, 2014, Alexandria was picking up her brother from a friend’s house when her life was cut short by a stray bullet shot through an apartment window. She was 18 years old. She worked with kids at the local YMCA and hoped to be a social worker after graduating from college. Like her parents, I am telling her story to push the conversation forward, the conversation that includes thoughts and prayers, but also must lead to action. Alexandria’s story and the pain felt by her loved ones is something that far too many have had to endure in this country. Let 2018 be the year that we do more than reflect on the lives we have lost and finally step up to find the courage to confront gun violence. f 
OBSTRUCTION OF A DEA INVESTIGATION INTO HEZBOLLAH (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my outrage at a detailed re-port by Politico which included testi-mony that President Obama and his administration obstructed a major DEA investigation into Hezbollah when they wanted to secure the Iran deal. These revelations are shocking and in-furiating but, regrettably, not sur-prising. This is the same administra-tion that sent $1.7 billion in cash ran-som to Iran. According to the DEA, Hezbollah was operating a global criminal enterprise worth over $1 billion, annually. They were selling drugs and running arms as a means of funding their terrorist ac-tivities. A major DEA-led task force called Cassandra had procured mounting and incriminating evidence against them. Yet, according to senior Treasury and Defense officials, the Obama adminis-tration consistently obstructed and stonewalled the investigation in order to protect the Iran deal. In essence, it seems President Obama and his administration were so focused on striking a deal with Iran that they let a major global terror group off the hook, even though the terror group was involved in global drug trafficking and sent massive amounts of cocaine and other drugs to our American commu-nities. I have sent this letter to Chairman G
OWDY , urging an immediate investiga-tion into this matter. THIS IS THE WRONG DIRECTION AND THE WRONG BILL (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, on the floor of this House and, I guess, again today, there will be a vote on this massive tax cut targeted to people at the very top, targeting big cuts for corporations. Like many Members on this side of the aisle, I welcome the opportunity to do comprehensive, real tax reform. And for a long time, the discussion in this body and around the country was about the need to lower the rates and broaden the base and eliminate some of those loopholes that allow some corporations to get away with paying literally no taxes at all. But instead of doing that, what we saw was a massive shift of the responsibility to fund the government away from people at the top to people who work hard every day. There are many examples of how we could have done this better. There was a lot of discussion on the Senate side about the child tax credit. But why did we end up with a child tax credit that rewards a minimum wage family with about $75 a year, when somebody mak-ing $400,000 would get $4,000? I mean, is the life of a child of a family making a half a million dollars worth that much more? This is the wrong direction. This is the wrong bill. We should reject it. f 
CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF DORIS JACKSON (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the career of Doris Jackson, who will be retiring after more than 33 years of service to the U.S. House of Representatives. Doris began working as a cashier in the Can-non Cafe in 1980 and eventually became a supervisor. After more than three decades, there have been many changes as Members and staff have come and gone, but Doris’ smile has remained ever present. I know that I speak for every Member, staffer, and intern who has had the privilege of knowing Doris when I say that we will miss her witty sense of humor and her willingness to give en-couragement to everyone she meets. In retirement, Doris plans to spend more time with family, especially her grandchildren, and to stay active in her community by volunteering at her church. Mr. Speaker, Doris has dedicated her life to serving us as we strive to serve our constituents. On behalf of our con-gressional family, I wish Doris the best of luck in the next exciting chapter in her life. Congratulations, Doris. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.005 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10252 December 20, 2017 
LAYING DOWN A MARKER (Mr. HASTINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, yester-day, I witnessed, as did all of us, the ju-bilation of my friends, the Republican majority, in passing the tax cut meas-ure that had been advocated as tax re-form for a substantial period of time, but, finally, they did admit that it was a tax cut. I rise here today just to lay down a marker. I have said, as have many of my colleagues, that what we witnessed is the beginning of what ultimately will allow for us to address the entitle-ments in this country. Many of us know that the deficit that the tax cuts create are going to allow, some time during the course of next year or shortly after the election, us to begin discussing Medicare and Medicaid. I think that is a mistake, and I want that to be recognized. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE NORTH CAROLINA A&T STATE UNIVER-SITY FOOTBALL TEAM (Mr. WALKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the North Caro-lina A&T State University football team, winner of the 2017 Celebration Bowl and the HBCU national cham-pionship. This win capped off a historic year for the undefeated Aggies, a first in Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference history, and marks their second cham-pionship in 3 years. In the final minutes, the Aggies marched 56 yards in seven plays. The drive was capped off with a fake spike and a quarterback sneak on the goal line for the game-winning touchdown by Lamar Raynard. MVP Marquell Cartwright, who fol-lowed the great Tarik Cohen, rushed for 110 yards and two touchdowns. With the guidance of Coach Broadway on the field and the leadership of Chancellor Harold Martin in the classroom, North Carolina A&T is leading the way in showing the great value and the impor-tance of our Nation’s HBCUs. I am proud to represent this distin-guished school of academic and ath-letic excellence, leaving only one ques-tion remaining, Mr. Speaker: Can I get an ‘‘Aggie Pride’’? 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF EVELYN WRIGHT MOORE (Mr. WEBER of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, December 15, Brazoria Coun-ty lost one of its great community leaders, Ms. Evelyn Wright Moore. Evelyn dedicated her entire life to early childhood development and edu-cation. In 1975, in fact, she started her career as the Brazoria County Head Start coordinator; and, after a very short 8 years with that organization, she was running the show and contin-ued running that show for the rest of her life. Evelyn made sure her students were receiving the support that would allow them to thrive in that commu-nity. Brazoria County Head Start now en-rolls just over 490 students, thanks to her. That program was championed by Evelyn’s passion and her devout dedi-cation to those same students. She and I met many times over the years, both in Brazoria and here in Washington, D.C., and I will greatly miss our conversations. The legacy of Evelyn’s servant heart will long be re-membered and cherished. Evelyn, my dear friend, you are now safe in the arms of Jesus. f 
b1015 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1, TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 668 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 668 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, with the Senate amend-ment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amend-ment. The Senate amendment and the mo-tion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to adoption without intervening motion. Clause 5(b) of rule XXI shall not apply to the mo-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ). The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), my friend, the ranking member of the Rules Committee, pending which I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. During consideration of this res-olution, all time yielded is for the pur-pose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning in support of this rule and the underlying legislation. The rule provides for consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1, an act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018, also known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. Speaker, last evening, the Sen-ate, on a vote of 51–48, passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which I believe is in the interest of the American people. This is a bold, progrowth plan that will overhaul our Tax Code and unleash the free enterprise system. It lowers tax rates on businesses of all sizes so that job creators can focus more on bringing not only more work to their workers, but also hiring more workers, increasing paychecks, and growing a competitive marketplace all around the world. Mr. Speaker, we are trying to expand our economy, and there is nothing more important for any Member of this body than to know that the things that are happening in their own local com-munities are about the ability for peo-ple, whether they are just graduating from high school, whether they are graduating from a technical school, whether they are graduating from col-lege, or whether they are looking for a second job or a longer career, to be suc-cessful in the marketplace in their own area, in their own home—not having to move somewhere to find a job, but in their own community. That is what we are trying to do. We are trying to increase wages for every single community across this country. My home of Dallas, Texas, has been home to so many people who have moved there as a result of the, really, unlimited opportunities that we see right now in Texas, and that comes be-cause Texas has found itself to be their home because so many other compa-nies have literally been run out of their States because of high taxes—high taxes that are placed on those compa-nies and the employees to where it makes living and being competitive more difficult. During consideration of this legisla-tion in the Senate, a few, relatively small provisions were removed through points of order in the Senate under what is called the Byrd rule, a par-liamentary tool used during reconcili-ation. The first change made by the Senate under the Byrd rule strikes the lan-guage that allowed 529 accounts to be used for homeschool expenses. The second change modifies a provi-sion that imposes an excise tax on the investment income of certain edu-cational institutions. The change strikes a reference to ‘‘tuition-paying’’ students, making the exception to the excise tax available only if the institu-tion has less than 500 students or if 50 percent or less of the students are lo-cated in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.008 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10253 December 20, 2017 
A third small change simply strikes the short title. Mr. Speaker, all of these provisions were included in the underlying bill as it first passed the Senate and came to the House and passed. However, at the time that this was done, there were no parliamentary points of order which were raised, which were later done. Mr. Speaker, these minor changes will allow us to advance exactly the same discussion that we had in this body, exactly the same discussion that we have had with the American people, exactly the things that we have talked about up in the Rules Committee and across this country, as Republicans have talked about the importance of the status quo tax laws that we pres-ently have—moved so many companies overseas, moved jobs overseas, and is not encouraging American companies to be competitive because America, when combined with State and local taxes and Federal taxes, is among the highest in the world, which means that American business finds itself in a competitive marketplace, may be a great product, but, on price, we are not as competitive. This will allow America to achieve the greatness that it needs for a great people who want and need to be great, also. This legislation is about making sure that the rising worker, whether they are brand-new in the marketplace or whether they are an entrepreneur, or a mother or a father out in the market-place looking for a job, will find the ability to be successful. The United States is already the best place in the world to live. We are an in-cubator always for new ideas and small business, but we are now going to be able to celebrate that to make it easi-er. We are taking the Tax Code, instead of being the highest taxed Nation in the world, to be one of the lowest. It is going to mean great things for the American people, the American work-er, and, most of all, for people who be-lieve that we want America to be great again. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding me the customary 30 min-utes. Mr. Speaker, it seems like only yes-terday we were here. Does it not? Mr. Speaker, we are 5 days away from Christmas, but it feels like Groundhog Day. Less than 24 hours ago, the majority stood in the Chamber and passed its partisan bill to provide tax cuts for millionaires, billionaires, and one President. Speaker R
YAN called it a once-in-a- lifetime opportunity, but, apparently, by a twist of fate, he is getting that great opportunity again today, much sooner, I am sure, than he anticipated, because we are taking the bill up again this morning. Maybe in the mad dash to provide massive tax breaks for corporations and the 1 percent, the majority failed to do the due diligence and properly vet the bill. We found out, after it passed, that several of its provisions violated the Byrd rule in the Senate. Now, every-body knows about the Byrd rule in the Senate, and I don’t understand why this was not found in the conference that was held for maybe 30 minutes. This is the rule that prohibits the Senate from considering extraneous matters as part of a reconciliation bill. After passing the House, provisions in this bill governing 529 college sav-ings accounts and exempting certain universities from an excise tax were ruled out of order by the Senate Parlia-mentarian. The bill was so rushed that even the title of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, was found to be a viola-tion. Let me repeat that. The very first words of the bill didn’t pass muster with a nonpartisan rule keeper in the Senate. Imagine what other areas we have yet to discover. This is a consequence of a process that was nothing short of an abomina-tion. There were zero hearings on the text of this bill. Not a single expert was called in to give his or her experi-ence. It got the votes to pass only after a series of closed-door, backroom deal-ings, and a conference committee be-tween the House and Senate Repub-licans. Well, I think there were some Democrats there, but they tell me that none of them signed the conference re-port. The Senate was such a sham that an agreement was reached before the first public meeting ever took place. Now, I know this is not the last time, Mr. Speaker, we will meet here to try to fix this bill. Mark my words, we will be back here next year to make more so-called technical fixes because of this hasty consideration. The majority is rushing to pass a bill that is historically unpopular, clearly deeply flawed, and we will be forced to clean up its impacts and unintended consequences for many years to come. I think we have all got a second op-portunity here, and I would wish that my friends, to whom I only wish well, would grab up all their papers and run for the door and forget about this tax bill altogether. But I know that that wish will not come true. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York. She has, as the Rules Committee has, taken a lot of time on this bill—we have spent hours not only discussing and de-bating the effects of the bill, what the bill is about, why we would do it—but most of all, her abiding ability to stand up and represent her party in their context, and I respect that. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ), a distinguished member of the Rules Committee. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I have been listening to my colleagues from the other side of the aisle talk about the 1 percent, the people at the top of America. Let me tell you who benefits from the status quo of our Tax Code. It is the 1 percent. They can afford the law-yers, the accountants, and the lobby-ists to get them all these special tax treatments that the rest of us don’t get. If you want to do something about the 1 percent, fix the current Tax Code. Instead, what our friends on the other side of the aisle keep doing is de-fending the present Tax Code, because if you don’t pass this bill, we have the present Tax Code. We have the status quo, and the rest of us don’t see the benefits from the present Tax Code. The rest of us need a break. Now, I asked the chair of the House Ways and Means Committee, when he was before the Rules Committee the other night, three questions that I think are relevant to everybody in America. The first thing I asked him was: Will the average individual taxpayer in my district get a tax cut? He said: Abso-lutely. And he pulled out a sheet of paper. He said: In fact, in your district, Congressman, the average family of four is going to get a tax break of over $2,100 a year. I know in some places in America, $2,100 a year extra in people’s pockets doesn’t sound like a lot of money, but in south Alabama, an extra $2,100 in the pockets of hardworking parents who are trying to raise two kids, that is a lot of money. So that is a good thing that is coming out of this bill. I asked him: Will it be easier for those individuals to fill out their tax returns? He said: Absolutely. By mak-ing the changes we made in here and taking out some of these special tax breaks, we made it easier for everybody to fill out their tax return. Then I asked a third question. I just heard the gentlewoman from New York talk about how this benefits big cor-porations. I don’t have big corporations in my district in south Alabama. I have got mainly small businesses. Let me tell you about one. It is called Fast Time Convenience Store. Now, we call those in Alabama filling stations, because you go there and you put gas in your car. In the morning, you go get a cup of coffee, you get one of their breakfast biscuits, and you see a lot of people in there get-ting ready to go to work. You go in there at lunchtime. You have also got something called Fred’s Kickin’ Chick-en. You go in there and get a good thing of fried chicken and a soft drink, and he has got some barbecue in a lit-tle trailer across the way. That is the sort of businesses I have got in my dis-trict. b1030 I think those businesses are darn im-portant. The owner of that business asked me the other day when I was in there: I don’t care about the big boys. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.010 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10254 December 20, 2017 
Are you going to do something that helps me, that helps businesses like me? So I asked the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee: Are we going to be helping those small businesses? Absolutely. They are going to see historic tax cuts, particularly if they are one of these passthroughs; historic tax cuts. Yes, their tax returns will be simpler to fill out. So when I think about it from the standpoint of south Alabama—and I daresay my district is not that much different from most every other dis-trict that is being represented here—I see a threefer. Individuals get a sub-stantial tax cut, more money in their pocket. Individuals will have an easier time filling out their returns. These small businesses that are the backbone of America are getting a real break. Now, I know that our friends on the other side of the aisle think that the government needs to be more involved in the lives of ordinary Americans. But in order for the government to do that, the government has to have money. The government doesn’t produce any-thing and it doesn’t provide a single service, so they don’t sell anything. So how does the government get money? It takes money. A tax is a taking. It takes money from people in the private sector. We on this side of the aisle don’t think the government should be so in-volved in people’s lives in America, and we don’t think we should be taking so much money from them through taxes. So we have come up with this bill that gives sort of tax breaks to ordinary people and small businesses, and we be-lieve that that benefits America in two ways: Number one, giving people more con-trol over their money is a good thing in and of itself. Number two, we are absolutely con-vinced—and dozens and dozens of economists have told us—that this is a major shot in the arm for the Amer-ican economy. This is also a jobs bill because this is going to pump up the American econ-omy and get our economy growing at a much faster rate. When we do that, we not only create more jobs, but we cre-ate a sort of lift in our economy when we start seeing real wage growth. What we have been missing out there is real wage growth. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the State of Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE). Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, it should come as no surprise today that we are voting again on a bill that couldn’t pass muster because it was cobbled to-gether in a hurry, hidden from the pub-lic, and denied any meaningful vetting or debate. Tax reform is hard. It is even harder when you go it alone, cooking things up in back rooms out of the light of day. But the real travesty here is that this bill won’t help everyday Ameri-cans in the long term. To call it once- in-a-generation tax reform is an insult to those who came before us: Repub-licans and Democrats who linked arms and, through years of partnership and compromise, crafted the 1986 bill that House Democrats passed with Presi-dent Reagan. That is the model we should have fol-lowed, because the fact is, we can all agree that our Tax Code is out of date and leaves countless families behind. This year, the U.S. Department of Labor released data showing that there were around 6 million open jobs un-filled across the country at a time when around 6.8 million Americans are looking for work. I believe Congress has a responsibility to the American people to tackle this problem from every possible angle, including tax pol-icy. But the Ryan-McConnell plan doesn’t just fail to acknowledge or address the problems that American workers are facing today, it cuts people’s legs off from underneath them just when they are trying to get traction. Chairman BRADY likes to talk about this bill leapfrogging us to the front of the pack, but the truth is this bill doesn’t leapfrog us anywhere but backward. This bill does nothing to put edu-cational opportunities in the reach of more Americans trying to get ahead in the 21st century economy and does nothing to modernize research incen-tives that could support new break-throughs that create the jobs of tomor-row. It explodes the deficit, making it that much harder to finance des-perately needed investments in infra-structure that could put people back to work. Why are Republicans giving away the house to companies whose CEOs are al-ready talking about stock prices, not jobs? As a former CEO myself, I know that economic growth is created by great ideas and great talent, not indiscrimi-nate corporate tax cuts at the expense of investments in the people who have always powered our economy. I think tax reform should be about modernizing the Code to make us com-petitive in the 21st century. That means being fiscally responsible, for-ward-looking, and investing in fami-lies. Unfortunately, this bill is a letdown for the American people, and we will no doubt be cleaning up this mess for years to come, not just today. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we do recognize we have a difference. We recognize we had a dif-ference at the time we announced we were going to do this bill and we were going to change the direction we were going. This was part of a debate that happened during the Presidential elec-tion, where we had an argument. The Democratic Party very clearly said: We need to raise taxes. Every year we see where they are on the floor during budget time to raise spending $1 trillion and raise taxes $1 trillion. That is more than what they had done under President Obama, Speaker PELOSI , and Mr. Reid; except what happens when you do that is you kill the economy, you kill the invest-ment in families, in jobs, and in small businesses. In the year after we had the massive tax increase, we had a GDP rate of zero. That is because there was this huge transfer from free enterprise to Uncle Sam, so the economy failed to grow. Then as the economy began to normalize, it normalized over the next 7 years at 1.2 percent. That is what the election was about, Mr. Speaker. Since the election, what has happened is we have added over 1 million net new jobs, despite a huge storm summer that impacted a lot of employment. Our stockmarket has risen dramatically, meaning that America wants to be great again, too. We are going to make it together. So we do recognize differences. They want a $1 trillion increase in spending, and they want a $1 trillion tax in-crease. We want to move it the other direction. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. J
UDYCHU). Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, less than 24 hours after it passed, we already have to come back to vote on fixes to the Republican tax scam. This bill was so needlessly rushed that there wasn’t even time to proof-read. I can only wonder what other mistakes we will discover in the com-ing days, weeks, and months. This was sloppy lawmaking and bad policymaking. In order to give massive tax cuts to corporate interests and the top 1 percent, Republicans have created trillions in new debt that will have to be paid for by, you guessed it, the rest of us. Republicans claim that everybody is getting a tax cut. But if you read it— something they clearly didn’t do—you will see that 83 percent of the benefits go to the top 1 percent. The average savings for the lowest earners is just $60. My own constituents in California can actually expect to pay more in taxes thanks to the capping of the State and local tax deduction. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to this tax scam, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ), who is a member of the Rules Com-mittee. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I very much appreciate the chairman for yielding me the time. I have the great pleasure serving on the Rules Committee. I also have the great pleasure of serving on the Budget Committee. So I felt it incumbent to come down and talk a little bit about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.012 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10255 December 20, 2017 
the Byrd rule process that goes on in the Senate. It is part of the 1974 Budget Act. It became a custom in the Senate during 1985 and 1986, and ultimately it was codified and put in the act perma-nently. To describe what went on in the Sen-ate as some sort of proofreading error is just nonsense, just absolute non-sense. We have this process called rec-onciliation that allows the Congress, the House, and the Senate to get really tough things done. As a part of that process, the Byrd rule says: What we don’t want to do is get involved in ex-traneous issues. We want to stay fo-cused on these issues that are most im-portant to the American people. So if you try to get outside the lanes of fun-damental tax reform, those provisions become what they call ‘‘Byrdable.’’ But, Mr. Speaker, you are probably as uplifted as I am by the conversation you hear about the importance of bi-partisanship and collaboration. I wish that that were more true. What we saw yesterday in the United States Senate I would tell you is a little bit of the pettiness that we see on Capitol Hill. Is it true that the Senate had the right to prevent parents who homeschool their children from being able to finance that homeschool edu-cation through taxes and 529 savings accounts? The Senate had that right under the Byrd rule and they exercised it. Demo-crats went after homeschooling parents and said: No tax breaks for you. They had the right to do it, but to de-scribe that as some sort of proof-reading error over here is a mistake. It was intentional to give homeschooling parents that opportunity and it was in-tentional when the Senate Democrats stripped it out. Secondarily, it was intentional to put a title on the bill: Jobs and Tax Cuts. It was intentional. That is why we came together to focus on this bill, because we care about jobs and we care about a 21st century tax system. Was the Senate completely within their rights to strip the title of the bill? Mr. Speaker, they were. If you be-lieve when the Senate can’t fund the government, when the Senate can’t re-authorize CHIP, when the Senate can’t reauthorize a 702—you go right down the list—and if you believe it is an im-portant use of the Democratic minori-ty’s time on the Senate side to strike the title of the bill because it doesn’t actually impact deficit reduction, it is within their right. Does it represent the highest and best use of their time? It does not. Does it represent the highest and best of those of us who are here in pub-lic service together? It does not. I recognize that we have fundamental disagreements about the impact of tax reform and its merits. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Georgia. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my chairman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, we have an opportunity to do great things together, and occa-sionally I come down to this floor and I put my heart into it. I don’t just put my heart into it on the floor, I put my heart into it for hours and hours, day after day, in the Rules Committee. I put my heart into it on the Transpor-tation Committee. I put my heart into it on the Budget Committee. Mr. Speaker, do you know what? Sometimes I lose. Sometimes I lose. But what makes this process great is we both come down here and do the very best that we can. Let’s not describe what is going on here for the American people as some sort of proofreading error, as some sort of rush job where folks didn’t have time to do it right. That does a dis-service not just to the Members of Con-gress, but to the staff that work through these issues with us side by side, day after day, week after week, month after month, and, yes, in the case of this bill, year after year. We have a choice with how we spend our days. I am proud that we spend our days doing fundamental tax reform. It has been far too long. We don’t call it once in a generation because it is a rhetorical tool. We call it once in a generation because there are men and women in this Chamber who were not alive the last time that we did it. It is important, and I am glad we are doing it. The Senate has every right to do what the Senate did yesterday. And by ‘‘the Senate,’’ I mean the minority Members who insisted on their point of order. We could have sent this bill to the President’s desk with protections for homeschooling parents who are doing their very best to provide for their kids, but my Democratic col-leagues said no. So this bill is still going to go to the President’s desk. It is just not going to have those protec-tions. I believe that is a mistake. I hope we will come back together. I hope we will right that wrong in the coming days. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman so much for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Chair for his leadership on this issue. Regular order takes some time. I am glad we are get-ting it done. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds to say to my friend from Georgia that it wasn’t Democrats who found that. The Parlia-mentarian in the Senate found those errors, and they had to be corrected. Let’s put history in the right perspec-tive. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ), who is the distinguished ranking mem-ber of the Ways and Means Sub-committee on Tax Policy. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, let’s make no mistake about it. We are here this morning solely because of a mis-take. This is the blunder rule. This is not the first big blunder in this bill, and indeed it certainly won’t be the last. We will be cleaning up this mess and the blunders in this bill all of next year. The only questions are: How many people will get hurt in the process? How much money is lost to the United States Treasury because of the many loopholes in this Swiss cheese-kind of a bill that they have created? How many loopholes will deny revenue that even-tually will come out of the pockets of the middle class and will come out of the small businesses of this country to make up for all these special interest provisions that the lobbyists got added? b1045 This is what happens when you run roughshod over the process, when every member of the Trump administration lacks the intestinal fortitude, the cour-age, to come and answer any questions about this bill. That is what happened here. Americans need to understand that. Trump is over there tweeting away. He is bragging about all the wonderful things. But is he willing to send one of-ficial—even one—to come before any committee of this Congress and re-spond to questions about the many wrongs that are contained in this bill? Of course the answer is absolutely no. What about the businesses across America that are impacted by this bill? What about the academic experts of all political points of view who could come and respond and help perfect and avoid errors just like this? They were all left out. There was not one minute of ex-amination from any objective source coming in and talking in a hearing to the committee about this bill. I am one of the conferees to adjust the differences between the House and the Senate. My, was that a great honor, a great experience in the new democracy that these Republicans are providing for America. In that conference committee, the chairman of the committee refused to entertain a single motion or a single amendment. But he told us not to worry. After we adopt this conference report behind closed doors and agree to it, you can look at it and can read it over the weekend before you vote on it at the beginning of the next week. You just can’t change it in any way. You cannot study it in any way. You cannot share it with anybody in any way be-cause we are only interested in sharing it with those lobbyists with whom we have special connections and operate in secrecy behind closed doors. Of course, one of the many sad things about this particular bill is that it lost its name in the Senate in what we are considering this morning. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Texas an ad-ditional 2 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.013 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10256 December 20, 2017 
Mr. DOGGETT. In fact, if you turn to the bill, which is a big old thick stack, you see it says ‘‘short title, et cetera,’’ and it stops. It is nameless at this point. It is a bill that has no name. And, of course, it has no heart. But what is the solution to that? Well, every time Donald Trump touch-es a tower, he puts his name in bold letters across it: Trump Tower. This is the only accomplishment that Presi-dent Trump can point to this year. Why don’t we put his name on this bill? We could call it the ‘‘Donald J. Trump Inequality Act,’’ because it will do more than any legislation we have considered here in recent years to widen the gap between those at the very top and the rest of us. Or we could call it the ‘‘Donald J. Trump Family Windfall’’ bill, because he and his family are going to pocket an immense amount of money. There is no surprise they are over there at the White House celebrating all afternoon. He and his family personally will walk away with a huge amount of resources out of this. Or we could just call it ‘‘Fat Cats Get Fatter,’’ because one of our colleagues on the Republican side who is closest, perhaps, to President Trump admitted and said quite candidly: I can’t go back to my donors if we don’t pass this leg-islation. What a study in wise investment. The Senate Budget Committee, last night, pointed out that Goldman Sachs contributed over $26 million to Repub-licans since 1990. They get about a $6 billion tax cut. Where can you get a re-turn like that? Or Pfizer, who contrib-uted $15 million, they get a nearly $39 billion tax cut. Yes, this bill is a job creator. It cre-ates more jobs for accountants and tax lawyers than anyone can imagine be-cause they will be going in there trying to undo some of the things that were done and shape the loopholes a little more favorably for their folks. What we have here is a bill that is compared also with the other issues that we have here. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman again has ex-pired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Texas an ad-ditional 1 minute. Mr. DOGGETT. I know how much the gentlewoman cares about the future of our children and the Children’s Health Insurance Program. I think of the Family Visiting pro-gram to help young parents. That is in our committee. I think about our crumbling roads and bridges and the fact that we need dollars to invest in them to keep our transportation system competitive. They agree on all these measures. They make speeches about them. The only thing is they don’t want to put any money into them. They say we can’t afford to do that. If we don’t steal Medicare premium money to fund the Children’s Health Insurance Program and use general revenue dollars, that will drive up the debt. At the same time, they are willing to drive the debt up trillions of dollars, they refuse to invest in people, or invest in our chil-dren and provide them the healthcare that they deserve. In short, this is a Christmas gift to those at the very top—and especially to the Trump family and his billionaire buddies and other real estate moguls who gain in the conference report. They get the Christmas gift. The American people, the middle class, get the gift wrapping, and that is it. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 11
1⁄2minutes re-maining. The gentlewoman from New York has 16
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ). Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, with the Christmas season upon us, a favorite tradition in my family every year is to sit around the television and watch one of our fa-vorite movies, ‘‘It’s a Wonderful Life.’’ Like most people, it is hard not to get a lump in your throat at the end as George Bailey and his family prove tri-umphant. But it occurred to me this week in reading the Republican tax plan that I guess not everyone roots for George Bailey when watching that movie. There are a few people pulling for Mr. Potter. Well, here we have a tax plan that is written for and to the benefit of Mr. Potter and the rest like him: the wealthiest one-tenth of 1 percent. The richest 1 percent in our country are going to get 83 percent of the money in this tax plan, and the wealthiest one- tenth of 1 percent will get the majority of the money in this plan. Today, do you know how much you have to make in order to be in the wealthiest one-tenth of 1 percent in our country? $5 million a year or more. So the Mr. Potter we have in the White House these days is going to be pretty happy, and his family is going to make out. But the working people of Pennsylvania and the working people of America are getting stiffed. Income inequality is higher today than at any point in American history. Many Americans haven’t received a pay raise in decades, in real terms, and here we have a tax plan that is going to take that existing problem and make it much worse. This is wrong. This is unfair. It does nothing for the hard-pressed, hard-working middle class of our country who deserve a pay raise. Let’s give them a Christmas gift. Let’s give them the happy ending that they deserve, the Hollywood movie ending. Let’s say that the Mr. Potters of this country have had it damn good for the last 20 years, and let’s help out the George Baileys, especially at this Christmastime. Let’s say ‘‘no’’ to this tax bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and also for her tremendous leadership. Let’s talk a little bit about the win-ners in this bill. I think it is interesting to note that, if you are General Electric, since 1990 to 2017, you have contributed over $20 million to Republican campaigns. What you get back in tax relief from this leg-islation is almost $16 billion over the life of this bill. If you are Microsoft, you have con-tributed over $17 million, and you get back $27 billion from this tax bill. This is such a great investment for big corporations who have given money to Republican candidates over the years. But if you are not part of the country’s wealthiest 1 percent, this GOP tax scam is a really bad deal for you. It is especially bad for America’s sen-ior citizens. This tax scam raises pre-miums for those 50 to 64 by 10 percent, an average of $1,400, and the deficit it creates will require, under the law, $25 billion in a Medicare tax cut next year. We have heard the Republicans say we are going to get that money back, but in this bill there is a $25 billion cut in Medicare next year. That is only the beginning. It gets worse. Republicans aren’t even hiding the fact that they intend to use this deficit that they created of $1.5 trillion as jus-tification for slashing Medicare and Medicaid. They have said it. They have admitted it. They are even talking about raising the age of Social Secu-rity eligibility in order to give these tax breaks to the rich. Seniors should not have to foot the bill for a tax scam that gives 83 percent of the benefits to the top 1 percent. American seniors deserve a better deal. So do 86 million families who would see a tax increase as a result of this scam. To my Republican colleagues, you really do have a second chance. Be-cause the bill got messed up, there were mistakes, it was done so fast, done in secret, it is coming back to us today. So you have a second chance to do the right thing. Please take it. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ), the chairman of the Republican Policy Committee. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, today is an exciting day for the people of Indi-ana. With the passage of President Trump’s tax plan, working Hoosiers will see more jobs, bigger paychecks, and a fairer, simpler Tax Code. The scare tactics of my Democratic colleagues come from a tired playbook written decades ago. It is old-style 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.046 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10257 December 20, 2017 
class warfare politics and tired argu-ments that are just not true. The proof is in the paycheck. The truth is, an average Indiana family will see tax cuts of between $1,000 and $2,000 under this plan. Let me say that again. Despite the rhetoric, working families will see a tax cut of between $1,000 and $2,000 under today’s tax plan. Child tax cred-its will double to $2,000 per child. The standard Federal deduction will double, too. We get rid of the unpopular and un-fair Obama individual mandate tax. Now, Hoosiers will not be taxed de-pending on their healthcare decisions. Job creators will see tax cuts, too, making America’s small businesses and big businesses competitive in the glob-al economy and better able to create good-paying jobs. All of this is good news for Indiana’s working families. With today’s tax cut, help is on the way. I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the Trump White House released a National Security Strategy Report on Monday, and it pointed out: ‘‘The national debt, now over $20 tril-lion, presents a grave threat to Amer-ica’s long-term prosperity and, by ex-tension, our national security.’’ So what do we do about that? We are going to add $1.5 trillion more. The overwhelming majority of expert analyses show that, even with growth taken into account, this bill will cause the deficit to skyrocket. It isn’t just a threat to our economic security. Ac-cording to the White House, it is a grave threat to our national security as well. The bill in front of us costs $1.5 tril-lion and includes permanent tax cuts for corporations, but temporary ones for individuals. b1100 So who do you think is going to lose those first? It is really very troubling, I think, too: the idea of looking ahead to what we are going to be dealt with. And we understand already that next year the cry will be: Oh, look at this debt. This is awful. We are going to have to cut spending. Entitlements will be the place where the Republicans prefer to go. So let’s prepare all of our senior citi-zens on Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Of course, that also hurts the ACA, that they are going to be on the line next year. Future Congresses will be pressured to reject the budget gimmick and ex-tend many of those tax cuts, meaning the true cost of the bill is much higher. According to the nonpartisan Com-mittee for a Responsible Federal Budg-et, the expirations and delays hide po-tential further costs, which could ulti-mately increase the cost of the bill to $2.2 trillion. I am sure that my Republican col-leagues will argue that growth will pre-vent the deficit from skyrocketing. But the CRFB reports that even with dy-namic scoring, the total cost of the bill without budgetary gimmicks would be over $1.6 trillion and up to $2 trillion with interest. And that takes growth into account. As a result, our debt could exceed the size of our economy by 2027. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the Committee for a Responsible Fed-eral Budget’s analysis, entitled ‘‘Final Tax Bill Could End Up Costing $2.2 Trillion.’’ 
[From the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, Dec. 18, 2017] F
INAL TAXBILLCOULD ENDTIPCOSTING $2.2 T
RILLION  The final conference committee agreement of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) would cost $1.46 trillion under conventional scoring and over $1 trillion on a dynamic basis over ten years, leading debt to rise to between 95 percent and 98 percent of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) by 2027 (compared to 91 per-cent under current law). However, the bill also includes a number of expirations and long-delayed tax hikes meant to reduce the official cost of the bill. These expirations and delays hide $570 billion to $725 billion of potential further costs, which could ulti-mately increase the cost of the bill to $2.0 trillion to $2.2 trillion (before interest) on a conventional basis or roughly $1.5 trillion to $1.7 trillion on a dynamic basis over a dec-ade. As a result, debt would rise to between 98 percent and 100 percent of GDP by 2027. Ignoring the expirations in this bill is par-ticularly disingenuous given the claim that using a ‘‘current policy baseline’’ reduces the bill’s costs. The (flawed) idea is that the bill should be compared to a current policy base-line that counts expired and expiring provi-sions as if they are continued permanently. (For more on this, see Current Policy Gim-mick Would Add Half-Trillion to Debt (http://www.crfb.org/blogs/current-policy- gimmick-would-add-half-trillion-debt)). Using such a construct does not make sense if cost of continuing future expirations con-tained in the bill are not included in the ini-tial cost estimate. Policymakers are effec-tively claiming $450 billion of current policy savings while ignoring over $700 billion of current policy costs. This latest estimate updates our tally of the gimmicks from a previous version of the bill (http://www.crfb.org/blogs/senate-tax- bill-could-ultimately-cost-2-trillion). The changes made in conference include both tax increases and decreases that mostly offset each other, with a net increase in the ten- year cost of $9 billion (compared to the Sen-ate bill). With these changes, the bill now has a total cost of $1.46 trillion, or roughly $1.77 trillion with interest. While there is no new dynamic score of the bill, assuming it continues to produce very roughly $400 bil-lion of dynamic feedback (http:// www.crfb.org/blogs/official-dynamic-score- shows-senate-tax-bill-will-still-cost-over-1- trillion) would reduce that cost to about $1.05 trillion, or roughly $1.30 trillion with interest. However, this cost does not account for as much as $725 billion of potential gimmicks that the conferenced bill contains. In the earlier version passed by the Senate, we identified $585 billion (http:// www.crfb.org/blogs/senate-tax-bill-could-ulti-mately-cost-2-trillion) of arbitrary sunsets and sunrises of certain provisions. Most sig-nificantly, nearly all of the individual in-come tax provisions would have expired after 2025. Additionally, the expensing provisions ‘‘bonus depreciation’’ began to phase down starting in 2022, and a number of new tax in-creases appeared in 2026. Some provisions were set to expire even earlier, such as an ex-panded deduction for medical expenses and provisions for craft beer and paid leave— clearly setting the stage for future exten-sions. The conferenced bill adds to the Senate bill’s gimmicks, which we explain here (http://www.crfb.org/blogs/senate-tax-bill- could-ultimately-cost-2-trillion). Most sig-nificantly, it advances the start date of the bill’s requirement for research expenses to be amortized, which nearly doubles the ten- year savings of the provision. Additionally, the bill tightens its limits on the business interest deduction four years in the future— a future tax hike that may not be allowed to ever occur. Other changes are smaller and move in both directions. Adding these gimmicks to the cost of the bill would increase the total cost to $2.0 tril-lion to $2.2 trillion. Though the dynamic ef-fect of making the bill permanent is un-known, we estimate a permanent bill would produce roughly $450 billion of feedback, leading to a dynamic cost of roughly $1.6 trillion to $1.7 trillion. With interest, these costs would rise to $2.4 trillion to $2.5 tril-lion, or $1.9 trillion to $2 trillion with dy-namic effects included, over a decade. 
TRUE COST OF CONFERENCE BILL 
Policy Ten-Year Cost 
TCJA as reported by the conference committee .... $1.46 trillion Sunsetting individual tax provisions after 2025 .. $315 billion Amortizing Research & Experimentation (R&E) ex-penses after 2021 ............................................. $120 billion Phasing out full expensing after 2022 ................. $0 to 80 billion Making business interest deduction more strict after 2021 ......................................................... $0 to $75 billion Making foreign tax provisions more strict after 2025 .................................................................. $50 billion Sunsetting more generous medical expense de-duction after 2018 ............................................ $45 billion Sunsetting credit for employers who offer paid leave after 2019 ................................................ $30 billion Sunsetting craft beverage tax reforms ................. $10 billion Conventional ‘‘Real’’ Cost ..................................... $2.0–$2.2 trillion Potential Dynamic Feedback Effects ..................... ¥$450 billion Dynamic ‘‘Real Cost’’ ............................................ $1.6–$1.7 trillion True Cost with Interest .......................................... $2.4–2.5 trillion True Cost with Interest and Dynamic Effects ....... $1.9–2.0 trillion 
As is, the bill would cause debt to increase from 77 percent of GDP this year to 95 per-cent or 98 percent of GDP by 2027, depending on whether dynamic effects are included, as compared to 91 percent projected under cur-rent law. If expiring provisions are extended and late-stage tax hikes avoided, debt could reach as high as 98 percent or 100 percent of GDP by 2027. In other words, the national debt could exceed the size of the economy. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, we have urgent spending needs. This bill could keep us from dealing with infra-structure, education, healthcare, med-ical research, and, of course, we have to pay the costs of our military. Make no mistake, exploding the def-icit to pay for this bill—this giveaway to the rich—will come at the expense of all of those priorities. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, late in June of 2012, like many Americans, I anxiously awaited a ruling by the Supreme Court of the United States while they were consid-ering the constitutionality of the indi-vidual mandate. Of course, we were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:51 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.016 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10258 December 20, 2017 
told during the run-up to that law, the Affordable Care Act law, that the indi-vidual mandate was not a tax; it was, in fact, just a requirement that every-one should buy the insurance. It seemed unreasonable under the Commerce Clause that that require-ment, in fact, would be constitutional. Then, at the end of June, the Supreme Court made the ruling. I was probably right that it was unconstitutional under the Commerce Clause. But with some creative work, the Supreme Court said: It is a tax, and the Congress has the absolute power to tax; so, of course, it can stay in the law, and the law stands. So here we are today, considering tax reform for the first time in 31 years. And since the Supreme Court told us the individual mandate is indeed a tax, it is appropriate, it is right that the in-dividual mandate be part of the discus-sion today. The House bill, when we passed it, did not include anything on the indi-vidual mandate; but the Senate, in their wisdom, sent it back to us with the individual mandate repealed. Now, make no mistake about it, the House has repealed the individual man-date any number of times over the last several years. The Senate has not. So the Senate has repealed the individual mandate for the first time. I say: Let’s meet them where they are, let’s pass this bill, let’s repeal the individual mandate, and get on with making America great again. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am not surprised that we are back here fixing the bill, though I am surprised it is so soon, because we have been saying all along that we have got a long way to go with this bill. If we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment that will prohibit any legislation from being considered on the House floor that lim-its or repeals the State and local tax deduction, or repeals the ACA’s indi-vidual mandate. We know that repealing the indi-vidual mandate will lead to 13 million fewer Americans with health insurance and will cost premiums to rise by 10 percent. Now, I know that not giving healthcare is not much of an issue for the majority of this Congress because they have been trying to do that for a long time. The bill also caps the State and local tax deduction, hurting taxpayers in my home State of New York, in California, and in other States in the Northeast, all of whom are donor States. My own State sends $48 billion a year to Wash-ington, money that we get back noth-ing for. But we are not going to be able to do that anymore without this deduc-tion. What we are doing then is risking the stability of the revenues that fund the public schools, fire departments, and hospitals in those States. Mr. Speaker, let’s make things right and defeat the previous question. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Tax Policy for the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman S
ESSIONS for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this is such an inter-esting thing to listen to. Our friends on the other side of the aisle have charac-terized the reason that we are here today is because of a blunder in proof-reading. Well, it is simply an obtuse ar-gument. There are three criticisms of the bill: One is the name change. Good grief, hardly a proofreading error. This title may be cited as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. That is section 11000(a). According to the Senate Parliamentarian, it falls out. That is not a proofreading error. The second criticism is the Cruz amendment, the language that was of-fered in terms of 529 plans. This was of-fered on the Senate floor. This was not a part of a conference committee or some late-night scheme. This was open-ly debated. Our friends on the other side of the aisle, in the other body, chose not to pursue a point of order at that time. They chose to do it last night. It is their prerogative. But that is not a proofreading problem, nor is the issue as it relates to endowment language. This came out of the Senate Finance Committee. But what is interesting to me, Mr. Speaker, is how familiar our friends on the other side of the aisle are with mistakes. Do you remember the 1099 mandate that came out as a result of ObamaCare? A huge negative impact on small business, that they had to work with us and others and the President—then- President Obama—in order to remedy. Do you remember the risk corridor changes that were signed into law by President Obama? Do you remember the delays by blog posts late on Friday afternoons—to my recollection—when the administration reached the conclusion that the bill was in knots, they couldn’t figure out a way to move forward, and they said, ‘‘Let’s delay it and let’s announce that quietly’’? Or decisions not to enforce the law itself? But the biggest mistake of all was obviously the rollout of the website, which was a complete disaster that even friends on the other side of the aisle can’t defend. With that said, there are going to be technical corrections to this bill, just without question. But I think what we should do is recognize that, speak to that, acknowledge that, and not char-acterize procedural matters as proof-reading errors. It is not an argument that I find persuasive. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this measure. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ). Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, Yogi Berra once said: ‘‘It is like deja vu all over again.’’ So today we are back on the House floor after this big, dramatic celebra-tion of this supposedly historic bill, a Republican tax bill that really is noth-ing more than a wolf in sheep’s cloth-ing. It is the classic bait and switch. It is a Ponzi scheme. The tax cuts aren’t going to be meaningful for working families and everyday Americans, and the jobs will never materialize. It is a Republican tax bill that is simply designed to benefit millionaires and billionaires, the wealthy and the well-off, special interests, corpora-tions, and big donors. It is a shameful abdication of responsibility, a derelic-tion of duty, and an incredible mali-cious act of legislative malpractice. It is all based on this phony, fraudulent, and fake theory of trickle-down eco-nomics. Where is there any evidence that trickle-down economics has ever worked for the American people? Ronald Reagan cut taxes for million-aires in 1981. We didn’t get strong eco-nomic growth. We got a deficit that ex-ploded. George W. Bush cut taxes for million-aires and billionaires in 2001 and 2003. We didn’t get strong economic growth. We got the worst economy since the Great Depression. And, in Kansas, when you had this great Republican experiment and you were going to cut taxes for the wealthy and the well-off and for companies, what happened? Did they get strong economic growth in Kansas? No. You got prison riots, over-crowded classrooms, and crumbling in-frastructure. Trickle-down economics, what does it mean for the middle class? You may get a trickle, but you are guaranteed to stay down. This bill is shameful in your attack on middle class Americans. Millions of homes will get a tax increase. You will undermine Medicare and explode the deficit. Don’t ask me. P
AUL RYAN himself made that point. Our children and grandchildren are forced to shoulder $1.5 trillion in debt simply to pay for the lifestyles of the rich and shameless. Shame on you. Vote ‘‘no’’ against this reckless GOP tax scam. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are advised to direct their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.018 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10259 December 20, 2017 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the majority is clearly unable to responsibly run the House of Representatives, because here we are fixing the bill less than 24 hours after it was passed. It is a perfect example of why we need to go back to regular order: actu-ally holding hearings, have expert wit-nesses and testimony, and properly vet bills. That is pretty elementary, but it surely is true. It is especially true for bills of this magnitude that will effect every single citizen in America. All the while, the government is about to run out of money, and we haven’t even been able to reach a budg-et deal. That is Friday that the govern-ment will close if we do not do that. We still haven’t funded the Children’s Health Insurance Program, which pro-vides needed healthcare to more than 9 million children. We haven’t reauthorized the commu-nity health centers, which serve more than 25 million people. We haven’t renewed the Perkins Loan Program, which many low-in-come students rely on for their edu-cation. All of those programs expired back on September 30. But here we are, wasting valuable time trying to fix the disaster of a bill that the majority passed just hours ago. It is embarrassing and it is humiliating. If we don’t do better, the public is going to make us pay the price. I want to close by quoting an article that appeared this morning in The Washington Post, written by a great columnist, Dana Milbank. I wouldn’t miss his writing for the world. ‘‘Maybe he is right and all those blue-chip economists and the non-partisan analyses by the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, the Congressional Budget Office, and others are wrong. Maybe growth will dramatically exceed forecasts, millions will enter the labor force and find work, wages will soar, and the $1.5 trillion tax bill will pay for itself. But if all that doesn’t happen, the Trump tax will be blamed.’’ Mr. Speaker, I end the quote there, reminding you, as Senator S
CHUMER  did yesterday, that this could be an an-chor around your ankles for the rest of your lives. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question, on the rule, and the bill. For heaven’s sake, let us take this opportunity given us and not force this onto the American public. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from New York not only for her service to the Rules Committee, but also for her service to this body and to her party. b1115 Mr. Speaker, the bottom line is, I will take her up on that. We will bet that this works because we looked at what happened when President Obama, Harry Reid, and Speaker PELOSI put a $1 trillion tax increase on the Amer-ican people; then spent $870 billion on a surplus; then added in $1 trillion of debt when they worked the deal that was for student loans; then we did cash for clunkers; then we did cell phones for all; and it just went on and on and on and on. And now they want to place the $20 trillion deficit on Republicans. What we are trying to do is to recog-nize that we did look at what happened economically during the 8 years that President Obama was here: 1.2 percent annual GDP growth, while our trading partners around the world—Germany, Japan, India, China—all raised their GDP numbers off growing economies because the average rate in Europe for corporate tax is 23.6 percent, while America was at 39 percent, and States all across the United States raised their taxation just like President Obama encouraged them to do: to grow government, to make it more expen-sive. But what happened is, then the free enterprise system was not competitive. We began losing jobs all across the country. We began losing our competi-tiveness because of the high taxation rate. That is why we are going to do something about it. So when you raise taxes $1 trillion and spend an extra $10 trillion over 8 years, there is an impact. Of course, there is an impact. What we are trying to do is respond back to the American people, who last November said: In-stead of going that way, why don’t we go this way; why don’t we be the world’s leader; why be 24th in the world in competitiveness for business; why not be first or second; why not add jobs; why not do something that places Americans, the middle class of this country in a better position? That is the call that we are about. That is what Republicans have been trying to do, and we are responding with a bill that is going to take Ameri-cans—instead of being the most expen-sive tax country in the world, we are going to make us among the best. We are going to be an attractor of jobs, of investment dollars, of opportunity. The real problem with this country, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL), a Member of Congress, spoke about it to the Rules Committee, tens of thousands of jobs that pay up to $60,000 in his home State are going beg-ging right now. Thousands of jobs in this country are going begging because we do have a problem where America doesn’t want to come and take these jobs; where we cannot have people who pass drug tests; where we have people who say: Well, I don’t have those abili-ties. Well, in Dallas, Texas, my home, we have $21-an-hour jobs begging for people who could come and work. Mr. Speaker, what we are trying to do is to encourage America and Ameri-cans, let’s get to work. Let’s make this happen. Let’s not blame it on some-body else. There are jobs available in America, and we are going to answer the question. We are going to answer the bell. The Republican Party is going to stand on what we do right now, and we are willing to take what comes that way. And I will tell you what comes that way. When you go from 39.6 percent, the highest corporate tax in the world, to where you mark yourself down where virtually the rest of the world is at 23, in this case 21, we are going to be competitive. Americans are winners. Americans want to win. Americans are the best at entrepreneurism. They are the best at being innovative. We are now—instead of Uncle Sam taking 39 percent and making us drain our resources, we are going to incent Americans to go do it. Mr. Speaker, my staff, Ron Donato, my tax man, who has spent a lot of time working with me listening to peo-ple back in Dallas, Texas, we think this is a good deal to make the free enter-prise system, which is the greatest sys-tem in the world. We are going to fuel it; we are going to fund it; we are going to make it work. Mr. Speaker, for that reason, we will be willing to land on what happens here, so mark your calendar right now. Go look at where we are, and watch where we are going. For this reason, I urge my colleagues to support this rule. The material previously referred to by Ms. SLAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 668 O FFERED BY  M
S. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: 
‘‘SEC. 2. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ANY TAX BILL THAT RAISES TAXES ON MIDDLE CLASS FAMILIES BY ELIMINATING OR LIMITING THE STATE AND LOCAL TAX DEDUCTION. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the House of Representatives to con-sider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that repeals or limits the State and Local Tax Deduction (26 U.S.C. §164). (b) W
AIVER IN THE HOUSE .—It shall not be in order in the House of Representatives to consider a rule or order that waives the ap-plication of subsection (a). As disposition of a point of order under this subsection, the Chair shall put the question of consideration with respect to the rule or order, as applica-ble. The question of consideration shall be debatable for 10 minutes by the Member ini-tiating the point of order and for 10 minutes by an opponent, but shall otherwise be de-cided without intervening motion except one that the House adjourn.’’ 
SEC. 3. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ANY TAX BILL THAT REPEALS THE INDIVIDUAL MANDATE UNDER THE PATIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the House of Representatives to con-sider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that repeals or limits the individual mandate under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (26 U.S.C. §5000A). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.019 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10260 December 20, 2017 
(b) W AIVER IN THE HOUSE .—It shall not be in order in the House of Representatives to consider a rule or order that waives the ap-plication of subsection (a). As disposition of a point of order under this subsection, the Chair shall put the question of consideration with respect to the rule or order, as applica-ble. The question of consideration shall be debatable for 10 minutes by the Member ini-tiating the point of order and for 10 minutes by an opponent, but shall otherwise be de-cided without intervening motion except one that the House adjourn.’’ 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 234, nays 188, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 697] YEAS—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—188 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Kennedy Napolitano Pocan Renacci Sewell (AL) Smith (TX) Thompson (MS) 
b1143 Mr. CLYBURN changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.005 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10261 December 20, 2017 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 232, nays 190, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 698] YEAS—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Bishop (UT) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Kennedy Napolitano Pocan Renacci Smith (TX) Thompson (MS) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 694, ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 695, ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 696, ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 697, and ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 698. f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CER-TAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows 
H. R ES. 669 Resolved, That the following named Mem-ber be and is hereby elected to the following standing committee of the House of Rep-resentatives: (1) C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY .—Mrs. Demings. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 668, I call up the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Y
ODER ). The Clerk will designate the Senate amendment. Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: TITLE I 
SEC. 11000. SHORT TITLE, ETC. 
(a) A MENDMENT OF 1986 C ODE.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a sec-tion or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other pro-vision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Subtitle A—Individual Tax Reform PART I—TAX RATE REFORM 
SEC. 11001. MODIFICATION OF RATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) M
ODIFICATIONS FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and be-fore January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) subsection (i) shall not apply, and ‘‘(B) this section (other than subsection (i)) shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (6). ‘‘(2) R
ATE TABLES .— ‘‘(A) M
ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING JOINT RE -
TURNS AND SURVIVING SPOUSES .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table con-tained in subsection (a): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Dec 22, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\RECORD17\DECEMBER\H20DE7.REC H20DE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10262 December 20, 2017 
‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $19,050 ............................................................................................................... ... 10% of taxable income. Over $19,050 but not over $77,400 ......................................................................................... $1,90 5, plus 12% of the excess over $19,050. Over $77,400 but not over $165,000 ........................................................................................ $8,90 7, plus 22% of the excess over $77,400. Over $165,000 but not over $315,000 ...................................................................................... $28,17 9, plus 24% of the excess over $165,000. Over $315,000 but not over $400,000 ...................................................................................... $64,17 9, plus 32% of the excess over $315,000. Over $400,000 but not over $600,000 ...................................................................................... $91,37 9, plus 35% of the excess over $400,000. Over $600,000 .................................................................................................................. .... $161,379, plus 37% of the excess over $600,000. 
‘‘(B) H EADS OF HOUSEHOLDS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table con-tained in subsection (b): 
‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $13,600 ............................................................................................................... ... 10% of taxable income. Over $13,600 but not over $51,800 ......................................................................................... $1,36 0, plus 12% of the excess over $13,600. Over $51,800 but not over $82,500 ......................................................................................... $5,94 4, plus 22% of the excess over $51,800. Over $82,500 but not over $157,500 ........................................................................................ $12,6 98, plus 24% of the excess over $82,500. Over $157,500 but not over $200,000 ...................................................................................... $30,69 8, plus 32% of the excess over $157,500. Over $200,000 but not over $500,000 ...................................................................................... $44,29 8, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $500,000 .................................................................................................................. .... $149,298, plus 37% of the excess over $500,000. 
‘‘(C) U NMARRIED INDIVIDUALS OTHER THAN  
SURVIVING SPOUSES AND HEADS OF HOUSE -HOLDS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table contained in subsection (c): 
‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $9,525 ................................................................................................................ .... 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700 ........................................................................................... $952 .50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. Over $38,700 but not over $82,500 ......................................................................................... $4,45 3.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. Over $82,500 but not over $157,500 ........................................................................................ $14,0 89.50, plus 24% of the excess over $82,500. Over $157,500 but not over $200,000 ...................................................................................... $32,08 9.50, plus 32% of the excess over $157,500. Over $200,000 but not over $500,000 ...................................................................................... $45,68 9.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $500,000 .................................................................................................................. .... $150,689.50, plus 37% of the excess over $500,000. 
‘‘(D) M ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING SEPARATE  
RETURNS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table contained in subsection (d): 
‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $9,525 ................................................................................................................ .... 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700 ........................................................................................... $952 .50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. Over $38,700 but not over $82,500 ......................................................................................... $4,45 3.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. Over $82,500 but not over $157,500 ........................................................................................ $14,0 89.50, plus 24% of the excess over $82,500. Over $157,500 but not over $200,000 ...................................................................................... $32,08 9.50, plus 32% of the excess over $157,500. Over $200,000 but not over $300,000 ...................................................................................... $45,68 9.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $300,000 .................................................................................................................. .... $80,689.50, plus 37% of the excess over $300,000. 
‘‘(E) E STATES AND TRUSTS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table con-tained in subsection (e): 
‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $2,550 ................................................................................................................ .... 10% of taxable income. Over $2,550 but not over $9,150 ............................................................................................ $255 , plus 24% of the excess over $2,550. Over $9,150 but not over $12,500 ........................................................................................... $1,8 39, plus 35% of the excess over $9,150. Over $12,500 ................................................................................................................... ..... $3,011.50, plus 37% of the excess over $12,500. 
‘‘(F) R EFERENCES TO RATE TABLES .—Any ref- erence in this title to a rate of tax under sub-section (c) shall be treated as a reference to the corresponding rate bracket under subparagraph (C) of this paragraph, except that the reference in section 3402(q)(1) to the third lowest rate of tax applicable under subsection (c) shall be treated as a reference to the fourth lowest rate of tax under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) N
O ADJUSTMENT IN 2018 .—The tables con-tained in paragraph (2) shall apply without ad-justment for taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2019. ‘‘(B) S
UBSEQUENT YEARS .—For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018, the Secretary shall prescribe tables which shall apply in lieu of the tables contained in paragraph (2) in the same manner as under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (f) (applied without regard to clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (f)(2)(A)), except that in prescribing such tables— ‘‘(i) subsection (f)(3) shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof, ‘‘(ii) subsection (f)(7)(B) shall apply to any unmarried individual other than a surviving spouse or head of household, and ‘‘(iii) subsection (f)(8) shall not apply. ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN CHILDREN  
WITH UNEARNED INCOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a child to whom subsection (g) applies for the taxable year, the rules of subparagraphs (B) and (C) shall apply in lieu of the rule under subsection (g)(1). ‘‘(B) MODIFICATIONS TO APPLICABLE RATE  
BRACKETS .—In determining the amount of tax imposed by this section for the taxable year on a child described in subparagraph (A), the in-come tax table otherwise applicable under this subsection to the child shall be applied with the following modifications: ‘‘(i) 24-
PERCENT BRACKET .—The maximum tax-able income which is taxed at a rate below 24 percent shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the minimum taxable income for the 24- percent bracket in the table under paragraph (2)(E) (as adjusted under paragraph (3)) for the taxable year. ‘‘(ii) 35-
PERCENT BRACKET .—The maximum taxable income which is taxed at a rate below 35 percent shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the minimum taxable income for the 35- percent bracket in the table under paragraph (2)(E) (as adjusted under paragraph (3)) for the taxable year. ‘‘(iii) 37-
PERCENT BRACKET .—The maximum taxable income which is taxed at a rate below 37 percent shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the minimum taxable income for the 37- percent bracket in the table under paragraph (2)(E) (as adjusted under paragraph (3)) for the taxable year. ‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION WITH CAPITAL GAINS  
RATES .—For purposes of applying section 1(h) (after the modifications under paragraph (5)(A))— ‘‘(i) the maximum zero rate amount shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the amount in effect under paragraph (5)(B)(i)(IV) for the taxable year, and ‘‘(ii) the maximum 15-percent rate amount shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the amount in effect under paragraph (5)(B)(ii)(IV) for the taxable year. ‘‘(D) EARNED TAXABLE INCOME .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘earned taxable in-come’ means, with respect to any child for any taxable year, the taxable income of such child reduced (but not below zero) by the net un-earned income (as defined in subsection (g)(4)) of such child. ‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION OF CURRENT INCOME TAX  
BRACKETS TO CAPITAL GAINS BRACKETS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1(h)(1) shall be ap-plied— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘below the maximum zero rate amount’ for ‘which would (without regard to this paragraph) be taxed at a rate below 25 percent’ in subparagraph (B)(i), and ‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘below the maximum 15- percent rate amount’ for ‘which would (without regard to this paragraph) be taxed at a rate below 39.6 percent’ in subparagraph (C)(ii)(I). ‘‘(B) M
AXIMUM AMOUNTS DEFINED .—For pur- poses of applying section 1(h) with the modifica-tions described in subparagraph (A)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Dec 22, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\RECORD17\DECEMBER\H20DE7.REC H20DE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10263 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(i) M AXIMUM ZERO RATE AMOUNT .—The max- imum zero rate amount shall be— ‘‘(I) in the case of a joint return or surviving spouse, $77,200, ‘‘(II) in the case of an individual who is a head of household (as defined in section 2(b)), $51,700, ‘‘(III) in the case of any other individual (other than an estate or trust), an amount equal to 
1⁄2of the amount in effect for the taxable year under subclause (I), and ‘‘(IV) in the case of an estate or trust, $2,600. ‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUM 15 -PERCENT RATE AMOUNT .— The maximum 15-percent rate amount shall be— ‘‘(I) in the case of a joint return or surviving spouse, $479,000 (
1⁄2such amount in the case of a married individual filing a separate return), ‘‘(II) in the case of an individual who is the head of a household (as defined in section 2(b)), $452,400, ‘‘(III) in the case of any other individual (other than an estate or trust), $425,800, and ‘‘(IV) in the case of an estate or trust, $12,700. ‘‘(C) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, each of the dollar amounts in clauses (i) and (ii) of sub-paragraph (B) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under subsection (f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase under this subparagraph is not a multiple of $50, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $50. ‘‘(6) S
ECTION 15 NOT TO APPLY .—Section 15 shall not apply to any change in a rate of tax by reason of this subsection.’’. (b) D
UEDILIGENCE TAXPREPARER REQUIRE -
MENT WITHRESPECT TO HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD  F
ILING STATUS .—Subsection (g) of section 6695 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) F
AILURE TO BEDILIGENT IN DETERMINING  E
LIGIBILITY FOR CERTAIN TAXBENEFITS .—Any person who is a tax return preparer with respect to any return or claim for refund who fails to comply with due diligence requirements imposed by the Secretary by regulations with respect to determining— ‘‘(1) eligibility to file as a head of household (as defined in section 2(b)) on the return, or ‘‘(2) eligibility for, or the amount of, the credit allowable by section 24, 25A(a)(1), or 32, shall pay a penalty of $500 for each such fail-ure.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11002. INFLATION ADJUSTMENTS BASED ON CHAINED CPI. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (f) of section 1 is amended by striking paragraph (3) and by in-serting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) C
OST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—For pur- poses of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The cost-of-living adjust-ment for any calendar year is the percentage (if any) by which— ‘‘(i) the C-CPI-U for the preceding calendar year, exceeds ‘‘(ii) the CPI for calendar year 2016, multi-plied by the amount determined under subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT DETERMINED .—The amount de-termined under this clause is the amount ob-tained by dividing— ‘‘(i) the C-CPI-U for calendar year 2016, by ‘‘(ii) the CPI for calendar year 2016. ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ADJUSTMENTS WITH A  
BASE YEAR AFTER 2016 .—For purposes of any pro-vision of this title which provides for the substi-tution of a year after 2016 for ‘2016’ in subpara-graph (A)(ii), subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘the C-CPI-U for calendar year 2016’ for ‘the CPI for calendar year 2016’ and all that follows in clause (ii) thereof.’’. (b) C-CPI-U.—Subsection (f) of section 1 is amended by striking paragraph (7), by redesig-nating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7), and by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) C-CPI-U.—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘C-CPI-U’ means the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor). The values of the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the cost-of- living adjustment for any calendar year under this subsection shall be the latest values so pub-lished as of the date on which such Bureau pub-lishes the initial value of the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of August for the preceding calendar year. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION FOR CALENDAR YEAR .— The C-CPI-U for any calendar year is the aver-age of the C-CPI-U as of the close of the 12- month period ending on August 31 of such cal-endar year.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION TO PERMANENT TAXTA-
BLES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1(f)(2)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) except as provided in paragraph (8), by increasing the minimum and maximum dollar amounts for each bracket for which a tax is im-posed under such table by the cost-of-living ad-justment for such calendar year, determined— ‘‘(i) except as provided in clause (ii), by sub-stituting ‘1992’ for ‘2016’ in paragraph (3)(A)(ii), and ‘‘(ii) in the case of adjustments to the dollar amounts at which the 36 percent rate bracket begins or at which the 39.6 percent rate bracket begins, by substituting ‘1993’ for ‘2016’ in para-graph (3)(A)(ii),’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1(i) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ in paragraph (1)(C) and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection (f)(3)(B) shall be applied by substituting ‘2012’ for ‘1992’’’ in paragraph (3)(C) and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)(3)(A)(ii) shall be applied by substituting ‘2012’ for ‘2016’’’. (d) A
PPLICATION TO OTHER INTERNAL REV-
ENUE CODE OF 1986 P ROVISIONS .— (1) The following sections are each amended by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subpara-graph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’: (A) Section 23(h)(2). (B) Paragraphs (1)(A)(ii) and (2)(A)(ii) of sec-tion 25A(h). (C) Section 25B(b)(3)(B). (D) Subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii)(II), and clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (j)(1)(B), of section 32. (E) Section 36B(f)(2)(B)(ii)(II). (F) Section 41(e)(5)(C)(i). (G) Subsections (e)(3)(D)(ii) and (h)(3)(H)(i)(II) of section 42. (H) Section 45R(d)(3)(B)(ii). (I) Section 55(d)(4)(A)(ii). (J) Section 62(d)(3)(B). (K) Section 63(c)(4)(B). (L) Section 125(i)(2)(B). (M) Section 135(b)(2)(B)(ii). (N) Section 137(f)(2). (O) Section 146(d)(2)(B). (P) Section 147(c)(2)(H)(ii). (Q) Section 151(d)(4)(B). (R) Section 179(b)(6)(A)(ii). (S) Subsections (b)(5)(C)(i)(II) and (g)(8)(B) of section 219. (T) Section 220(g)(2). (U) Section 221(f)(1)(B). (V) Section 223(g)(1)(B). (W) Section 408A(c)(3)(D)(ii). (X) Section 430(c)(7)(D)(vii)(II). (Y) Section 512(d)(2)(B). (Z) Section 513(h)(2)(C)(ii). (AA) Section 831(b)(2)(D)(ii). (BB) Section 877A(a)(3)(B)(i)(II). (CC) Section 2010(c)(3)(B)(ii). (DD) Section 2032A(a)(3)(B). (EE) Section 2503(b)(2)(B). (FF) Section 4261(e)(4)(A)(ii). (GG) Section 5000A(c)(3)(D)(ii). (HH) Section 6323(i)(4)(B). (II) Section 6334(g)(1)(B). (JJ) Section 6601(j)(3)(B). (KK) Section 6651(i)(1). (LL) Section 6652(c)(7)(A). (MM) Section 6695(h)(1). (NN) Section 6698(e)(1). (OO) Section 6699(e)(1). (PP) Section 6721(f)(1). (QQ) Section 6722(f)(1). (RR) Section 7345(f)(2). (SS) Section 7430(c)(1). (TT) Section 9831(d)(2)(D)(ii)(II). (2) Sections 41(e)(5)(C)(ii) and 68(b)(2)(B) are each amended— (A) by striking ‘‘1(f)(3)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)(3)(A)(ii)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘1992’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (3) Section 42(h)(6)(G) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1987’’’ in clause (i)(II) and inserting ‘‘for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘if the CPI for any calendar year’’ and all that follows in clause (ii) and in-serting ‘‘if the C-CPI-U for any calendar year (as defined in section 1(f)(6)) exceeds the C-CPI- U for the preceding calendar year by more than 5 percent, the C-CPI-U for the base calendar year shall be increased such that such excess shall never be taken into account under clause (i). In the case of a base calendar year before 2017, the C-CPI-U for such year shall be deter-mined by multiplying the CPI for such year by the amount determined under section 1(f)(3)(B).’’. (4) Section 59(j)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (5) Section 132(f)(6)(A)(ii) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1992’’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof’’. (6) Section 162(o)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘adjusted for changes in the Consumer Price Index (as defined in section 1(f)(5)) since 1991’’ and inserting ‘‘adjusted by increasing any such amount under the 1991 agreement by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1990’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof’’. (7) So much of clause (ii) of section 213(d)(10)(B) as precedes the last sentence is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) M
EDICAL CARE COST ADJUSTMENT .—For purposes of clause (i), the medical care cost ad-justment for any calendar year is the percentage (if any) by which— ‘‘(I) the medical care component of the C-CPI- U (as defined in section 1(f)(6)) for August of the preceding calendar year, exceeds ‘‘(II) such component of the CPI (as defined in section 1(f)(4)) for August of 1996, multiplied by the amount determined under section 1(f)(3)(B).’’. (8) Subparagraph (B) of section 280F(d)(7) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) A
UTOMOBILE PRICE INFLATION ADJUST -
MENT .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The automobile price infla-tion adjustment for any calendar year is the percentage (if any) by which— ‘‘(I) the C-CPI-U automobile component for October of the preceding calendar year, exceeds ‘‘(II) the automobile component of the CPI (as defined in section 1(f)(4)) for October of 1987, multiplied by the amount determined under 1(f)(3)(B). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10264 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(ii) C-CPI-U AUTOMOBILE COMPONENT .—The term ‘C-CPI-U automobile component’ means the automobile component of the Chained Con-sumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (as described in section 1(f)(6)).’’. (9) Section 911(b)(2)(D)(ii)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (10) Paragraph (2) of section 1274A(d) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any debt instrument arising out of a sale or exchange during any calendar year after 1989, each dollar amount contained in the preceding provisions of this section shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1988’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. Any increase under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100 (or, if such increase is a multiple of $50, such increase shall be increased to the nearest multiple of $100).’’. (11) Section 4161(b)(2)(C)(i)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (12) Section 4980I(b)(3)(C)(v)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (13) Section 6039F(d) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof shall be applied by substituting ‘1995’ for ‘1992’’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof shall be applied by substituting ‘1995’ for ‘2016’’’. (14) Section 7872(g)(5) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) A
DJUSTMENT OF LIMIT FOR INFLATION .— In the case of any loan made during any cal-endar year after 1986, the dollar amount in paragraph (2) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1985’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. Any increase under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100 (or, if such increase is a multiple of $50, such increase shall be increased to the nearest multiple of $100).’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. PART II—DEDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME OF PASS-THRU ENTI-TIES 
SEC. 11011. DEDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED BUSI-NESS INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 199A. QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer other than a corporation, there shall be allowed as a deduction for any taxable year an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(1) the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the combined qualified business income amount of the taxpayer, or ‘‘(B) an amount equal to 20 percent of the ex-cess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the taxable income of the taxpayer for the taxable year, over ‘‘(ii) the sum of any net capital gain (as de-fined in section 1(h)), plus the aggregate amount of the qualified cooperative dividends, of the taxpayer for the taxable year, plus ‘‘(2) the lesser of— ‘‘(A) 20 percent of the aggregate amount of the qualified cooperative dividends of the tax-payer for the taxable year, or ‘‘(B) taxable income (reduced by the net cap-ital gain (as so defined)) of the taxpayer for the taxable year. The amount determined under the preceding sentence shall not exceed the taxable income (re-duced by the net capital gain (as so defined)) of the taxpayer for the taxable year. ‘‘(b) COMBINED QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME  A
MOUNT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘combined quali-fied business income amount’ means, with re-spect to any taxable year, an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) the sum of the amounts determined under paragraph (2) for each qualified trade or business carried on by the taxpayer, plus ‘‘(B) 20 percent of the aggregate amount of the qualified REIT dividends and qualified pub-licly traded partnership income of the taxpayer for the taxable year. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF DEDUCTIBLE AMOUNT  
FOR EACH TRADE OR BUSINESS .—The amount de-termined under this paragraph with respect to any qualified trade or business is the lesser of— ‘‘(A) 20 percent of the taxpayer’s qualified business income with respect to the qualified trade or business, or ‘‘(B) the greater of— ‘‘(i) 50 percent of the W–2 wages with respect to the qualified trade or business, or ‘‘(ii) the sum of 25 percent of the W–2 wages with respect to the qualified trade or business, plus 2.5 percent of the unadjusted basis imme-diately after acquisition of all qualified prop-erty. ‘‘(3) M
ODIFICATIONS TO LIMIT BASED ON TAX -
ABLE INCOME .— ‘‘(A) E
XCEPTION FROM LIMIT .—In the case of any taxpayer whose taxable income for the tax-able year does not exceed the threshold amount, paragraph (2) shall be applied without regard to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) P
HASE-IN OF LIMIT FOR CERTAIN TAX -
PAYERS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If— ‘‘(I) the taxable income of a taxpayer for any taxable year exceeds the threshold amount, but does not exceed the sum of the threshold amount plus $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint re-turn), and ‘‘(II) the amount determined under paragraph (2)(B) (determined without regard to this sub-paragraph) with respect to any qualified trade or business carried on by the taxpayer is less than the amount determined under paragraph (2)(A) with respect such trade or business, then paragraph (2) shall be applied with respect to such trade or business without regard to sub-paragraph (B) thereof and by reducing the amount determined under subparagraph (A) thereof by the amount determined under clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) A
MOUNT OF REDUCTION .—The amount de-termined under this subparagraph is the amount which bears the same ratio to the excess amount as— ‘‘(I) the amount by which the taxpayer’s tax-able income for the taxable year exceeds the threshold amount, bears to ‘‘(II) $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint re-turn). ‘‘(iii) E
XCESS AMOUNT .—For purposes of clause (ii), the excess amount is the excess of— ‘‘(I) the amount determined under paragraph (2)(A) (determined without regard to this para-graph), over ‘‘(II) the amount determined under paragraph (2)(B) (determined without regard to this para-graph). ‘‘(4) W
AGES, ETC.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘W–2 wages’ means, with respect to any person for any tax-able year of such person, the amounts described in paragraphs (3) and (8) of section 6051(a) paid by such person with respect to employment of employees by such person during the calendar year ending during such taxable year. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION TO WAGES ATTRIBUTABLE TO  
QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME .—Such term shall not include any amount which is not properly allocable to qualified business income for pur-poses of subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(C) RETURN REQUIREMENT .—Such term shall not include any amount which is not properly included in a return filed with the Social Secu-rity Administration on or before the 60th day after the due date (including extensions) for such return. ‘‘(5) A
CQUISITIONS , DISPOSITIONS , AND SHORT  
TAXABLE YEARS .—The Secretary shall provide for the application of this subsection in cases of a short taxable year or where the taxpayer ac-quires, or disposes of, the major portion of a trade or business or the major portion of a sepa-rate unit of a trade or business during the tax-able year. ‘‘(6) Q
UALIFIED PROPERTY .—For purposes of this section: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified prop-erty’ means, with respect to any qualified trade or business for a taxable year, tangible property of a character subject to the allowance for de-preciation under section 167— ‘‘(i) which is held by, and available for use in, the qualified trade or business at the close of the taxable year, ‘‘(ii) which is used at any point during the taxable year in the production of qualified busi-ness income, and ‘‘(iii) the depreciable period for which has not ended before the close of the taxable year. ‘‘(B) D
EPRECIABLE PERIOD .—The term ‘depre-ciable period’ means, with respect to qualified property of a taxpayer, the period beginning on the date the property was first placed in service by the taxpayer and ending on the later of— ‘‘(i) the date that is 10 years after such date, or ‘‘(ii) the last day of the last full year in the applicable recovery period that would apply to the property under section 168 (determined with-out regard to subsection (g) thereof). ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified busi-ness income’ means, for any taxable year, the net amount of qualified items of income, gain, deduction, and loss with respect to any quali-fied trade or business of the taxpayer. Such term shall not include any qualified REIT dividends, qualified cooperative dividends, or qualified publicly traded partnership income. ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER OF LOSSES .—If the net amount of qualified income, gain, deduction, and loss with respect to qualified trades or busi-nesses of the taxpayer for any taxable year is less than zero, such amount shall be treated as a loss from a qualified trade or business in the succeeding taxable year. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED ITEMS OF INCOME , GAIN, DE-
DUCTION , AND LOSS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified items of income, gain, deduction, and loss’ means items of income, gain, deduction, and loss to the extent such items are— ‘‘(i) effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States (within the meaning of section 864(c), deter-mined by substituting ‘qualified trade or busi-ness (within the meaning of section 199A)’ for ‘nonresident alien individual or a foreign cor-poration’ or for ‘a foreign corporation’ each place it appears), and ‘‘(ii) included or allowed in determining tax-able income for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—The following investment items shall not be taken into account as a quali-fied item of income, gain, deduction, or loss: ‘‘(i) Any item of short-term capital gain, short-term capital loss, long-term capital gain, or long-term capital loss. ‘‘(ii) Any dividend, income equivalent to a dividend, or payment in lieu of dividends de-scribed in section 954(c)(1)(G). ‘‘(iii) Any interest income other than interest income which is properly allocable to a trade or business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10265 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(iv) Any item of gain or loss described in sub-paragraph (C) or (D) of section 954(c)(1) (ap-plied by substituting ‘qualified trade or busi-ness’ for ‘controlled foreign corporation’). ‘‘(v) Any item of income, gain, deduction, or loss taken into account under section 954(c)(1)(F) (determined without regard to clause (ii) thereof and other than items attrib-utable to notional principal contracts entered into in transactions qualifying under section 1221(a)(7)). ‘‘(vi) Any amount received from an annuity which is not received in connection with the trade or business. ‘‘(vii) Any item of deduction or loss properly allocable to an amount described in any of the preceding clauses. ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF REASONABLE COMPENSA -
TION AND GUARANTEED PAYMENTS .—Qualified business income shall not include— ‘‘(A) reasonable compensation paid to the tax-payer by any qualified trade or business of the taxpayer for services rendered with respect to the trade or business, ‘‘(B) any guaranteed payment described in section 707(c) paid to a partner for services ren-dered with respect to the trade or business, and ‘‘(C) to the extent provided in regulations, any payment described in section 707(a) to a partner for services rendered with respect to the trade or business. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED TRADE OR BUSINESS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified trade or business’ means any trade or business other than— ‘‘(A) a specified service trade or business, or ‘‘(B) the trade or business of performing serv-ices as an employee. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED SERVICE TRADE OR BUSINESS .— The term ‘specified service trade or business’ means any trade or business— ‘‘(A) which is described in section 1202(e)(3)(A) (applied without regard to the words ‘engineering, architecture,’) or which would be so described if the term ‘employees or owners’ were substituted for ‘employees’ therein, or ‘‘(B) which involves the performance of serv-ices that consist of investing and investment management, trading, or dealing in securities (as defined in section 475(c)(2)), partnership in-terests, or commodities (as defined in section 475(e)(2)). ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR SPECIFIED SERVICE BUSI -
NESSES BASED ON TAXPAYER ’S INCOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, for any taxable year, the taxable income of any taxpayer is less than the sum of the threshold amount plus $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return), then— ‘‘(i) any specified service trade or business of the taxpayer shall not fail to be treated as a qualified trade or business due to paragraph (1)(A), but ‘‘(ii) only the applicable percentage of quali-fied items of income, gain, deduction, or loss, and the W–2 wages and the unadjusted basis im-mediately after acquisition of qualified property, of the taxpayer allocable to such specified serv-ice trade or business shall be taken into account in computing the qualified business income, W– 2 wages, and the unadjusted basis immediately after acquisition of qualified property of the taxpayer for the taxable year for purposes of applying this section. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘applicable per-centage’ means, with respect to any taxable year, 100 percent reduced (not below zero) by the percentage equal to the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the taxable income of the taxpayer for the taxable year in excess of the threshold amount, bears to ‘‘(ii) $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint re-turn). ‘‘(e) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) T
AXABLE INCOME .—Taxable income shall be computed without regard to the deduction al-lowable under this section. ‘‘(2) THRESHOLD AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘threshold amount’ means $157,500 (200 percent of such amount in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(B) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, the dollar amount in subparagraph (A) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. The amount of any increase under the preceding sentence shall be rounded as provided in section 1(f)(7). ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED REIT DIVIDEND .—The term ‘qualified REIT dividend’ means any dividend from a real estate investment trust received dur-ing the taxable year which— ‘‘(A) is not a capital gain dividend, as defined in section 857(b)(3), and ‘‘(B) is not qualified dividend income, as de-fined in section 1(h)(11). ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED COOPERATIVE DIVIDEND .—The term ‘qualified cooperative dividend’ means any patronage dividend (as defined in section 1388(a)), any per-unit retain allocation (as de-fined in section 1388(f)), and any qualified writ-ten notice of allocation (as defined in section 1388(c)), or any similar amount received from an organization described in subparagraph (B)(ii), which— ‘‘(A) is includible in gross income, and ‘‘(B) is received from— ‘‘(i) an organization or corporation described in section 501(c)(12) or 1381(a), or ‘‘(ii) an organization which is governed under this title by the rules applicable to cooperatives under this title before the enactment of sub-chapter T. ‘‘(5) Q
UALIFIED PUBLICLY TRADED PARTNER -
SHIP INCOME .—The term ‘qualified publicly trad-ed partnership income’ means, with respect to any qualified trade or business of a taxpayer, the sum of— ‘‘(A) the net amount of such taxpayer’s allo-cable share of each qualified item of income, gain, deduction, and loss (as defined in sub-section (c)(3) and determined after the applica-tion of subsection (c)(4)) from a publicly traded partnership (as defined in section 7704(a)) which is not treated as a corporation under sec-tion 7704(c), plus ‘‘(B) any gain recognized by such taxpayer upon disposition of its interest in such partner-ship to the extent such gain is treated as an amount realized from the sale or exchange of property other than a capital asset under sec-tion 751(a). ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULES.— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS AND S  
CORPORATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a partner-ship or S corporation— ‘‘(i) this section shall be applied at the part-ner or shareholder level, ‘‘(ii) each partner or shareholder shall take into account such person’s allocable share of each qualified item of income, gain, deduction, and loss, and ‘‘(iii) each partner or shareholder shall be treated for purposes of subsection (b) as having W–2 wages and unadjusted basis immediately after acquisition of qualified property for the taxable year in an amount equal to such per-son’s allocable share of the W–2 wages and the unadjusted basis immediately after acquisition of qualified property of the partnership or S cor-poration for the taxable year (as determined under regulations prescribed by the Secretary). For purposes of clause (iii), a partner’s or share-holder’s allocable share of W–2 wages shall be determined in the same manner as the partner’s or shareholder’s allocable share of wage ex-penses. For purposes of such clause, partner’s or shareholder’s allocable share of the unadjusted basis immediately after acquisition of qualified property shall be determined in the same man-ner as the partner’s or shareholder’s allocable share of depreciation. For purposes of this sub-paragraph, in the case of an S corporation, an allocable share shall be the shareholder’s pro rata share of an item. ‘‘(B) APPLICATION TO TRUSTS AND ESTATES .— Rules similar to the rules under section 199(d)(1)(B)(i) (as in effect on December 1, 2017) for the apportionment of W–2 wages shall apply to the apportionment of W–2 wages and the ap-portionment of unadjusted basis immediately after acquisition of qualified property under this section. ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF TRADES OR BUSINESS IN  
PUERTO RICO .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxpayer with qualified business income from sources within the commonwealth of Puerto Rico, if all such income is taxable under section 1 for such taxable year, then for purposes of determining the qualified business income of such taxpayer for such taxable year, the term ‘United States’ shall include the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE FOR APPLYING LIMIT .—In the case of any taxpayer described in clause (i), the determination of W–2 wages of such tax-payer with respect to any qualified trade or business conducted in Puerto Rico shall be made without regard to any exclusion under section 3401(a)(8) for remuneration paid for services in Puerto Rico. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION WITH MINIMUM TAX .—For purposes of determining alternative minimum taxable income under section 55, qualified busi-ness income shall be determined without regard to any adjustments under sections 56 through 59. ‘‘(3) D
EDUCTION LIMITED TO INCOME TAXES .— The deduction under subsection (a) shall only be allowed for purposes of this chapter. ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe such regulations as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this section, including regu-lations— ‘‘(A) for requiring or restricting the allocation of items and wages under this section and such reporting requirements as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate, and ‘‘(B) for the application of this section in the case of tiered entities. ‘‘(g) D
EDUCTION ALLOWED TO SPECIFIED AGRI-
CULTURAL OR HORTICULTURAL COOPERATIVES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxable year of a specified agricultural or horticultural cooperative beginning after December 31, 2017, there shall be allowed a deduction in an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(A) 20 percent of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the gross income of a specified agricul-tural or horticultural cooperative, over ‘‘(ii) the qualified cooperative dividends (as defined in subsection (e)(4)) paid during the tax-able year for the taxable year, or ‘‘(B) the greater of— ‘‘(i) 50 percent of the W–2 wages of the cooper-ative with respect to its trade or business, or ‘‘(ii) the sum of 25 percent of the W–2 wages of the cooperative with respect to its trade or business, plus 2.5 percent of the unadjusted basis immediately after acquisition of all quali-fied property of the cooperative. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The amount determined under paragraph (1) shall not exceed the tax-able income of the specified agricultural or hor-ticultural for the taxable year. ‘‘(3) S
PECIFIED AGRICULTURAL OR HORTI -
CULTURAL COOPERATIVE .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘specified agricultural or horticultural cooperative’ means an organiza-tion to which part I of subchapter T applies which is engaged in— ‘‘(A) the manufacturing, production, growth, or extraction in whole or significant part of any agricultural or horticultural product, ‘‘(B) the marketing of agricultural or horti-cultural products which its patrons have so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10266 December 20, 2017 
manufactured, produced, grown, or extracted, or ‘‘(C) the provision of supplies, equipment, or services to farmers or to organizations described in subparagraph (A) or (B). ‘‘(h) A
NTI-ABUSE RULES.—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) apply rules similar to the rules under sec-tion 179(d)(2) in order to prevent the manipula-tion of the depreciable period of qualified prop-erty using transactions between related parties, and ‘‘(2) prescribe rules for determining the unadjusted basis immediately after acquisition of qualified property acquired in like-kind ex-changes or involuntary conversions. ‘‘(i) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall not apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF DEDUCTION IN COMPUTING  A
DJUSTED GROSS AND TAXABLE INCOME .— (1) D
EDUCTION NOT ALLOWED IN COMPUTING  
ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME .—Section 62(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The deduction allowed by sec-tion 199A shall not be treated as a deduction de-scribed in any of the preceding paragraphs of this subsection.’’. (2) D
EDUCTION ALLOWED TO NONITEMIZERS .— Section 63(b) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (1), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) the deduction provided in section 199A.’’. (3) D
EDUCTION ALLOWED TO ITEMIZERS WITH -
OUT LIMITS ON ITEMIZED DEDUCTIONS .—Section 63(d) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (1), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(3) the deduction provided in section 199A.’’. (4) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3402(m)(1) is amended by inserting ‘‘and the es-timated deduction allowed under section 199A’’ after ‘‘chapter 1’’. (c) A
CCURACY -RELATED PENALTY ON DETER-
MINATION OF APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—Section 6662(d)(1) is amended by inserting at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TAXPAYERS CLAIMING  
SECTION 199A DEDUCTION .—In the case of any taxpayer who claims the deduction allowed under section 199A for the taxable year, sub-paragraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘5 percent’ for ‘10 percent’.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 172(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME DEDUC -
TION.—The deduction under section 199A shall not be allowed.’’. (2) Section 246(b)(1) is amended by inserting ‘‘199A,’’ before ‘‘243(a)(1)’’. (3) Section 613(a) is amended by inserting ‘‘and without the deduction under section 199A’’ after ‘‘and without the deduction under section 199’’. (4) Section 613A(d)(1) is amended by redesig-nating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as sub-paragraphs (D), (E), and (F), respectively, and by inserting after subparagraph (B), the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) any deduction allowable under section 199A,’’. (5) Section 170(b)(2)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end of clause (v), and by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(vi) section 199A(g).’’. (6) The table of sections for part VI of sub-chapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 199A. Qualified business income.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. SEC. 11012. LIMITATION ON LOSSES FOR TAX-PAYERS OTHER THAN CORPORA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 461 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(l) L
IMITATION ON EXCESS BUSINESS LOSSES  
OFNONCORPORATE TAXPAYERS .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION .—In the case of taxable year of a taxpayer other than a corporation begin-ning after December 31, 2017, and before Janu-ary 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) subsection (j) (relating to limitation on excess farm losses of certain taxpayers) shall not apply, and ‘‘(B) any excess business loss of the taxpayer for the taxable year shall not be allowed. ‘‘(2) D
ISALLOWED LOSS CARRYOVER .—Any loss which is disallowed under paragraph (1) shall be treated as a net operating loss carryover to the following taxable year under section 172. ‘‘(3) E
XCESS BUSINESS LOSS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘excess business loss’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the aggregate deductions of the taxpayer for the taxable year which are attributable to trades or businesses of such taxpayer (deter-mined without regard to whether or not such deductions are disallowed for such taxable year under paragraph (1)), over ‘‘(ii) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the aggregate gross income or gain of such taxpayer for the taxable year which is at-tributable to such trades or businesses, plus ‘‘(II) $250,000 (200 percent of such amount in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2018, the $250,000 amount in subpara-graph (A)(ii)(II) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount as increased under the preceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION OF SUBSECTION IN CASE OF  
PARTNERSHIPS AND S CORPORATIONS .—In the case of a partnership or S corporation— ‘‘(A) this subsection shall be applied at the partner or shareholder level, and ‘‘(B) each partner’s or shareholder’s allocable share of the items of income, gain, deduction, or loss of the partnership or S corporation for any taxable year from trades or businesses attrib-utable to the partnership or S corporation shall be taken into account by the partner or share-holder in applying this subsection to the taxable year of such partner or shareholder with or within which the taxable year of the partner-ship or S corporation ends. For purposes of this paragraph, in the case of an S corporation, an allocable share shall be the shareholder’s pro rata share of an item. ‘‘(5) A
DDITIONAL REPORTING .—The Secretary shall prescribe such additional reporting re-quirements as the Secretary determines nec-essary to carry out the purposes of this sub-section. ‘‘(6) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 469 .—This subsection shall be applied after the application of section 469.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. PART III—TAX BENEFITS FOR FAMILIES AND INDIVIDUALS 
SEC. 11021. INCREASE IN STANDARD DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 63 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of a taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, and before Jan-uary 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) INCREASE IN STANDARD DEDUCTION .— Paragraph (2) shall be applied— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘$18,000’ for ‘$4,400’ in subparagraph (B), and ‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘$12,000’ for ‘$3,000’ in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) shall not apply to the dollar amounts contained in para-graphs (2)(B) and (2)(C). ‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTMENT OF INCREASED AMOUNTS .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2018, the $18,000 and $12,000 amounts in subpara-graph (A) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase under this clause is not a mul-tiple of $50, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $50.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11022. INCREASE IN AND MODIFICATION OF CHILD TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and be-fore January 1, 2026, this section shall be ap-plied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (7). ‘‘(2) C
REDIT AMOUNT .—Subsection (a) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,000’ for ‘$1,000’. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—In lieu of the amount de-termined under subsection (b)(2), the threshold amount shall be $400,000 in the case of a joint return ($200,000 in any other case). ‘‘(4) P
ARTIAL CREDIT ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN  
OTHER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The credit determined under subsection (a) (after the application of paragraph (2)) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a qualifying child de-scribed in subsection (c). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NONCITIZENS .— Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were ap-plied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(C) C
ERTAIN QUALIFYING CHILDREN .—In the case of any qualifying child with respect to whom a credit is not allowed under this section by reason of paragraph (7), such child shall be treated as a dependent to whom subparagraph (A) applies. ‘‘(5) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF REFUNDABLE CRED -
IT.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The amount determined under subsection (d)(1)(A) with respect to any qualifying child shall not exceed $1,400, and such subsection shall be applied without regard to paragraph (4) of this subsection. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2018, the $1,400 amount in subparagraph (A) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase under this clause is not a mul-tiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100. ‘‘(6) E
ARNED INCOME THRESHOLD FOR REFUND -
ABLE CREDIT .—Subsection (d)(1)(B)(i) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,500’ for ‘$3,000’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10267 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(7) S OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIRED .—No credit shall be allowed under this section to a taxpayer with respect to any qualifying child unless the taxpayer includes the social security number of such child on the return of tax for the taxable year. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘social security number’ means a social security number issued to an in-dividual by the Social Security Administration, but only if the social security number is issued— ‘‘(A) to a citizen of the United States or pur-suant to subclause (I) (or that portion of sub-clause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of sec-tion 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act, and ‘‘(B) before the due date for such return.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11023. INCREASED LIMITATION FOR CER-TAIN CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 170(b)(1) is amended by redesignating subparagraph (G) as subpara-graph (H) and by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) I
NCREASED LIMITATION FOR CASH CON -
TRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any contribu-tion of cash to an organization described in sub-paragraph (A), the total amount of such con-tributions which may be taken into account under subsection (a) for any taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2017, and before Janu-ary 1, 2026, shall not exceed 60 percent of the taxpayer’s contribution base for such year. ‘‘(ii) C
ARRYOVER .—If the aggregate amount of contributions described in clause (i) exceeds the applicable limitation under clause (i) for any taxable year described in such clause, such ex-cess shall be treated (in a manner consistent with the rules of subsection (d)(1)) as a chari-table contribution to which clause (i) applies in each of the 5 succeeding years in order of time. ‘‘(iii) C
OORDINATION WITH SUBPARAGRAPHS (A)  
AND (B) .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Contributions taken into account under this subparagraph shall not be taken into account under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(II) L
IMITATION REDUCTION .—For each tax-able year described in clause (i), and each tax-able year to which any contribution under this subparagraph is carried over under clause (ii), subparagraph (A) shall be applied by reducing (but not below zero) the contribution limitation allowed for the taxable year under such sub-paragraph by the aggregate contributions al-lowed under this subparagraph for such taxable year, and subparagraph (B) shall be applied by treating any reference to subparagraph (A) as a reference to both subparagraph (A) and this subparagraph.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to contributions in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11024. INCREASED CONTRIBUTIONS TO ABLE ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN LIMITATION FOR CONTRIBU -
TIONS FROM COMPENSATION OF INDIVIDUALS  W
ITHDISABILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 529A(b)(2)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) except in the case of contributions under subsection (c)(1)(C), if such contribution to an ABLE account would result in aggregate con-tributions from all contributors to the ABLE ac-count for the taxable year exceeding the sum of— ‘‘(i) the amount in effect under section 2503(b) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, plus ‘‘(ii) in the case of any contribution by a des-ignated beneficiary described in paragraph (7) before January 1, 2026, the lesser of— ‘‘(I) compensation (as defined by section 219(f)(1)) includible in the designated bene-ficiary’s gross income for the taxable year, or ‘‘(II) an amount equal to the poverty line for a one-person household, as determined for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the taxable year begins.’’. (2) RESPONSIBILITY FOR CONTRIBUTION LIMITA -
TION.—Paragraph (2) of section 529A(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A designated beneficiary (or a person acting on behalf of such beneficiary) shall maintain ade-quate records for purposes of ensuring, and shall be responsible for ensuring, that the re-quirements of subparagraph (B)(ii) are met.’’ (3) E
LIGIBLE DESIGNATED BENEFICIARY .—Sec- tion 529A(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) S
PECIAL RULES RELATED TO CONTRIBUTION  
LIMIT .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(ii)— ‘‘(A) D
ESIGNATED BENEFICIARY .—A designated beneficiary described in this paragraph is an employee (including an employee within the meaning of section 401(c)) with respect to whom— ‘‘(i) no contribution is made for the taxable year to a defined contribution plan (within the meaning of section 414(i)) with respect to which the requirements of section 401(a) or 403(a) are met, ‘‘(ii) no contribution is made for the taxable year to an annuity contract described in section 403(b), and ‘‘(iii) no contribution is made for the taxable year to an eligible deferred compensation plan described in section 457(b). ‘‘(B) P
OVERTY LINE .—The term ‘poverty line’ has the meaning given such term by section 673 of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902).’’. (b) A
LLOWANCE OF SAVER’SCREDIT FOR ABLE C
ONTRIBUTIONS BY ACCOUNT HOLDER .—Section 25B(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking the pe-riod at the end of subparagraph (C) and insert-ing ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(D) the amount of contributions made before January 1, 2026, by such individual to the ABLE account (within the meaning of section 529A) of which such individual is the designated bene-ficiary.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11025. ROLLOVERS TO ABLE PROGRAMS FROM 529 PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Clause (i) of section 529(c)(3)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subclause (I), by striking the period at the end of subclause (II) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) before January 1, 2026, to an ABLE ac-count (as defined in section 529A(e)(6)) of the designated beneficiary or a member of the family of the designated beneficiary. Subclause (III) shall not apply to so much of a distribution which, when added to all other con-tributions made to the ABLE account for the taxable year, exceeds the limitation under sec-tion 529A(b)(2)(B)(i).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distributions after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11026. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INDIVID-UALS PERFORMING SERVICES IN THE SINAI PENINSULA OF EGYPT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the fol-lowing provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, with respect to the applicable period, a qualified hazardous duty area shall be treated in the same manner as if it were a combat zone (as determined under section 112 of such Code): (1) Section 2(a)(3) (relating to special rule where deceased spouse was in missing status). (2) Section 112 (relating to the exclusion of certain combat pay of members of the Armed Forces). (3) Section 692 (relating to income taxes of members of Armed Forces on death). (4) Section 2201 (relating to members of the Armed Forces dying in combat zone or by reason of combat-zone-incurred wounds, etc.). (5) Section 3401(a)(1) (defining wages relating to combat pay for members of the Armed Forces). (6) Section 4253(d) (relating to the taxation of phone service originating from a combat zone from members of the Armed Forces). (7) Section 6013(f)(1) (relating to joint return where individual is in missing status). (8) Section 7508 (relating to time for per-forming certain acts postponed by reason of service in combat zone). (b) QUALIFIED HAZARDOUS DUTYAREA.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘qualified hazardous duty area’’ means the Sinai Penin-sula of Egypt, if as of the date of the enactment of this section any member of the Armed Forces of the United States is entitled to special pay under section 310 of title 37, United States Code (relating to special pay; duty subject to hostile fire or imminent danger), for services performed in such location. Such term includes such loca-tion only during the period such entitlement is in effect. (c) A
PPLICABLE PERIOD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the applicable period is— (A) the portion of the first taxable year ending after June 9, 2015, which begins on such date, and (B) any subsequent taxable year beginning be-fore January 1, 2026. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—In the case of subsection (a)(5), the applicable period is— (A) the portion of the first taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of this Act which begins on such date, and (B) any subsequent taxable year beginning be-fore January 1, 2026. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the provisions of this section shall take effect on June 9, 2015. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—Subsection (a)(5) shall apply to remuneration paid after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11027. TEMPORARY REDUCTION IN MEDICAL EXPENSE DEDUCTION FLOOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (f) of section 213 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULES FOR 2013 T HROUGH 2018.— In the case of any taxable year— ‘‘(1) beginning after December 31, 2012, and ending before January 1, 2017, in the case of a taxpayer if such taxpayer or such taxpayer’s spouse has attained age 65 before the close of such taxable year, and ‘‘(2) beginning after December 31, 2016, and ending before January 1, 2019, in the case of any taxpayer, subsection (a) shall be applied with respect to a taxpayer by substituting ‘7.5 percent’ for ‘10 percent’.’’. (b) M
INIMUM TAXPREFERENCE NOT TO  A
PPLY.—Section 56(b)(1)(B) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new sentence:‘‘This subparagraph shall not apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016, and ending before January 1, 2019’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 11028. RELIEF FOR 2016 DISASTER AREAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘2016 disaster area’’ means any area with respect to which a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act during calendar year 2016. (b) S
PECIAL RULES FOR USE OF RETIREMENT  F
UNDS WITHRESPECT TO AREAS DAMAGED BY  2016 D
ISASTERS .— (1) T
AX-FAVORED WITHDRAWALS FROM RETIRE -
MENT PLANS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 72(t) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply to any qualified 2016 disaster distribution. (B) A
GGREGATE DOLLAR LIMITATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10268 December 20, 2017 
(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the aggregate amount of distributions received by an individual which may be treated as qualified 2016 disaster distributions for any taxable year shall not exceed the excess (if any) of— (I) $100,000, over (II) the aggregate amounts treated as quali-fied 2016 disaster distributions received by such individual for all prior taxable years. (ii) T
REATMENT OF PLAN DISTRIBUTIONS .—If a distribution to an individual would (without re-gard to clause (i)) be a qualified 2016 disaster distribution, a plan shall not be treated as vio-lating any requirement of this title merely be-cause the plan treats such distribution as a qualified 2016 disaster distribution, unless the aggregate amount of such distributions from all plans maintained by the employer (and any member of any controlled group which includes the employer) to such individual exceeds $100,000. (iii) C
ONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of clause (ii), the term ‘‘controlled group’’ means any group treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) A
MOUNT DISTRIBUTED MAY BE REPAID .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Any individual who receives a qualified 2016 disaster distribution may, at any time during the 3-year period beginning on the day after the date on which such distribu-tion was received, make one or more contribu-tions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such distribution to an eligible retire-ment plan of which such individual is a bene-ficiary and to which a rollover contribution of such distribution could be made under section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), or 457(e)(16) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the case may be. (ii) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS OF DISTRIBU -
TIONS FROM ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLANS OTHER  
THAN IRAS .—For purposes of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, if a contribution is made pur-suant to clause (i) with respect to a qualified 2016 disaster distribution from an eligible retire-ment plan other than an individual retirement plan, then the taxpayer shall, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, be treated as having received the qualified 2016 disaster dis-tribution in an eligible rollover distribution (as defined in section 402(c)(4) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986) and as having transferred the amount to the eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (iii) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS FOR DIS -
TRIBUTIONS FROM IRAS .—For purposes of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribution is made pursuant to clause (i) with respect to a qualified 2016 disaster distribution from an indi-vidual retirement plan (as defined by section 7701(a)(37) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), then, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, the qualified 2016 disaster distribu-tion shall be treated as a distribution described in section 408(d)(3) of such Code and as having been transferred to the eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (D) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this para-graph— (i) Q
UALIFIED 2016 DISASTER DISTRIBUTION .— Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘qualified 2016 disaster distribution’’ means any distribution from an eligible retire-ment plan made on or after January 1, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, to an individual whose principal place of abode at any time during cal-endar year 2016 was located in a disaster area described in subsection (a) and who has sus-tained an economic loss by reason of the events giving rise to the Presidential declaration de-scribed in subsection (a) which was applicable to such area. (ii) E
LIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘eligible retirement plan’’ shall have the mean-ing given such term by section 402(c)(8)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (E) INCOME INCLUSION SPREAD OVER 3 -YEAR 
PERIOD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any qualified 2016 disaster distribution, unless the taxpayer elects not to have this subparagraph apply for any taxable year, any amount required to be in-cluded in gross income for such taxable year shall be so included ratably over the 3-taxable- year period beginning with such taxable year. (ii) S
PECIAL RULE .—For purposes of clause (i), rules similar to the rules of subparagraph (E) of section 408A(d)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall apply. (F) S
PECIAL RULES .— (i) E
XEMPTION OF DISTRIBUTIONS FROM TRUST -
EE TO TRUSTEE TRANSFER AND WITHHOLDING  
RULES .—For purposes of sections 401(a)(31), 402(f), and 3405 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, qualified 2016 disaster distribution shall not be treated as eligible rollover distributions. (ii) Q
UALIFIED 2016 DISASTER DISTRIBUTIONS  
TREATED AS MEETING PLAN DISTRIBUTION RE -
QUIREMENTS .—For purposes of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, a qualified 2016 disaster dis-tribution shall be treated as meeting the require-ments of sections 401(k)(2)(B)(i), 403(b)(7)(A)(ii), 403(b)(11), and 457(d)(1)(A) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986. (2) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO PLAN AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If this paragraph applies to any amendment to any plan or annuity con-tract, such plan or contract shall be treated as being operated in accordance with the terms of the plan during the period described in subpara-graph (B)(ii)(I). (B) A
MENDMENTS TO WHICH SUBSECTION AP -
PLIES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—This paragraph shall apply to any amendment to any plan or annuity con-tract which is made— (I) pursuant to any provision of this section, or pursuant to any regulation under any provi-sion of this section, and (II) on or before the last day of the first plan year beginning on or after January 1, 2018, or such later date as the Secretary prescribes. In the case of a governmental plan (as defined in section 414(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), subclause (II) shall be applied by sub-stituting the date which is 2 years after the date otherwise applied under subclause (II). (ii) C
ONDITIONS .—This paragraph shall not apply to any amendment to a plan or contract unless such amendment applies retroactively for such period, and shall not apply to any such amendment unless the plan or contract is oper-ated as if such amendment were in effect during the period— (I) beginning on the date that this section or the regulation described in clause (i)(I) takes ef-fect (or in the case of a plan or contract amend-ment not required by this section or such regula-tion, the effective date specified by the plan), and (II) ending on the date described in clause (i)(II) (or, if earlier, the date the plan or con-tract amendment is adopted). (c) S
PECIAL RULES FOR PERSONAL CASUALTY  L
OSSES RELATED TO 2016 M AJOR DISASTER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If an individual has a net disaster loss for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2015, and before January 1, 2018— (A) the amount determined under section 165(h)(2)(A)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be equal to the sum of— (i) such net disaster loss, and (ii) so much of the excess referred to in the matter preceding clause (i) of section 165(h)(2)(A) of such Code (reduced by the amount in clause (i) of this subparagraph) as exceeds 10 percent of the adjusted gross income of the individual, (B) section 165(h)(1) of such Code shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘‘$500’’ for ‘‘$500 ($100 for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2009)’’, (C) the standard deduction determined under section 63(c) of such Code shall be increased by the net disaster loss, and (D) section 56(b)(1)(E) of such Code shall not apply to so much of the standard deduction as is attributable to the increase under subpara-graph (C) of this paragraph. (2) NET DISASTER LOSS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘net disaster loss’’ means the excess of qualified disaster-related personal casualty losses over personal casualty gains (as defined in section 165(h)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). (3) Q
UALIFIED DISASTER -RELATED PERSONAL  
CASUALTY LOSSES .—For purposes of this para-graph, the term ‘‘qualified disaster-related per-sonal casualty losses’’ means losses described in section 165(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which arise in a disaster area described in subsection (a) on or after January 1, 2016, and which are attributable to the events giving rise to the Presidential declaration described in sub-section (a) which was applicable to such area. PART IV—EDUCATION 
SEC. 11031. TREATMENT OF STUDENT LOANS DIS-CHARGED ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH OR DISABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 108(f) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) D
ISCHARGES ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH OR  
DISABILITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual, gross income does not include any amount which (but for this subsection) would be includible in gross income for such taxable year by reasons of the discharge (in whole or in part) of any loan described in subparagraph (B) after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, if such discharge was— ‘‘(i) pursuant to subsection (a) or (d) of sec-tion 437 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 or the parallel benefit under part D of title IV of such Act (relating to the repayment of loan li-ability), ‘‘(ii) pursuant to section 464(c)(1)(F) of such Act, or ‘‘(iii) otherwise discharged on account of the death or total and permanent disability of the student. ‘‘(B) L
OANS DESCRIBED .—A loan is described in this subparagraph if such loan is— ‘‘(i) a student loan (as defined in paragraph (2)), or ‘‘(ii) a private education loan (as defined in section 140(7) of the Consumer Credit Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 1650(7))).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to discharges of in-debtedness after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11032. 529 ACCOUNT FUNDING FOR ELEMEN-TARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 529(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF ELEMENTARY AND SEC -
ONDARY TUITION .—Any reference in this sub-section to the term ‘qualified higher education expense’ shall include a reference to expenses for tuition in connection with enrollment or at-tendance at an elementary or secondary public, private, or religious school.’’. (2) L
IMITATION .—Section 529(e)(3)(A) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The amount of cash distributions from all qualified tuition programs described in sub-section (b)(1)(A)(ii) with respect to a beneficiary during any taxable year shall, in the aggregate, include not more than $10,000 in expenses de-scribed in subsection (c)(7) incurred during the taxable year.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distributions made after December 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10269 December 20, 2017 
PART V—DEDUCTIONS AND EXCLUSIONS 
SEC. 11041. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR PERSONAL EXEMPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (d) of section 151 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘In the case of’’ in paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in para-graph (5), in the case of’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of a taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, and before Jan-uary 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) E
XEMPTION AMOUNT .—The term ‘exemp-tion amount’ means zero. ‘‘(B) R
EFERENCES .—For purposes of any other provision of this title, the reduction of the ex-emption amount to zero under subparagraph (A) shall not be taken into account in determining whether a deduction is allowed or allowable, or whether a taxpayer is entitled to a deduction, under this section.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION TO ESTATES AND TRUSTS .— Section 642(b)(2)(C) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) Y
EARS WHEN PERSONAL EXEMPTION  
AMOUNT IS ZERO .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxable year in which the exemption amount under sec-tion 151(d) is zero, clause (i) shall be applied by substituting ‘$4,150’ for ‘the exemption amount under section 151(d)’. ‘‘(II) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning in a calendar year after 2018, the $4,150 amount in subparagraph (A) shall be increased in the same manner as provided in section 6334(d)(4)(C).’’. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF WAGE WITHHOLDING  R
ULES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3402(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘means the amount’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘means the amount by which the wages exceed the taxpayer’s with-holding allowance, prorated to the payroll pe-riod.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 3401 is amended by striking sub-section (e). (B) Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 3402(f) are amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Under rules determined by the Secretary, an employee receiving wages shall on any day be entitled to a withholding allow-ance determined based on— ‘‘(A) whether the employee is an individual for whom a deduction is allowable with respect to another taxpayer under section 151; ‘‘(B) if the employee is married, whether the employee’s spouse is entitled to an allowance, or would be so entitled if such spouse were an em-ployee receiving wages, under subparagraph (A) or (D), but only if such spouse does not have in effect a withholding allowance certificate claim-ing such allowance; ‘‘(C) the number of individuals with respect to whom, on the basis of facts existing at the be-ginning of such day, there may reasonably be expected to be allowable a credit under section 24(a) for the taxable year under subtitle A in re-spect of which amounts deducted and withheld under this chapter in the calendar year in which such day falls are allowed as a credit; ‘‘(D) any additional amounts to which the em-ployee elects to take into account under sub-section (m), but only if the employee’s spouse does not have in effect a withholding allowance certificate making such an election; ‘‘(E) the standard deduction allowable to such employee (one-half of such standard deduction in the case of an employee who is married (as determined under section 7703) and whose spouse is an employee receiving wages subject to withholding); and ‘‘(F) whether the employee has withholding allowance certificates in effect with respect to more than 1 employer. ‘‘(2) ALLOWANCE CERTIFICATES .— ‘‘(A) O
N COMMENCEMENT OF EMPLOYMENT .— On or before the date of the commencement of employment with an employer, the employee shall furnish the employer with a signed with-holding allowance certificate relating to the withholding allowance claimed by the employee, which shall in no event exceed the amount to which the employee is entitled. ‘‘(B) C
HANGE OF STATUS .—If, on any day dur-ing the calendar year, an employee’s with-holding allowance is in excess of the with-holding allowance to which the employee would be entitled had the employee submitted a true and accurate withholding allowance certificate to the employer on that day, the employee shall within 10 days thereafter furnish the employer with a new withholding allowance certificate. If, on any day during the calendar year, an em-ployee’s withholding allowance is greater than the withholding allowance claimed, the em-ployee may furnish the employer with a new withholding allowance certificate relating to the withholding allowance to which the employee is so entitled, which shall in no event exceed the amount to which the employee is entitled on such day. ‘‘(C) C
HANGE OF STATUS WHICH AFFECTS NEXT  
CALENDAR YEAR .—If on any day during the cal-endar year the withholding allowance to which the employee will be, or may reasonably be ex-pected to be, entitled at the beginning of the em-ployee’s next taxable year under subtitle A is different from the allowance to which the em-ployee is entitled on such day, the employee shall, in such cases and at such times as the Secretary shall by regulations prescribe, furnish the employer with a withholding allowance cer-tificate relating to the withholding allowance which the employee claims with respect to such next taxable year, which shall in no event ex-ceed the withholding allowance to which the employee will be, or may reasonably be expected to be, so entitled.’’. (C) Subsections (b)(1), (b)(2), (f)(3), (f)(4), (f)(5), (f)(7) (including the heading thereof), (g)(4), (l)(1), (l)(2), and (n) of section 3402 are each amended by striking ‘‘exemption’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘allowance’’. (D) The heading of section 3402(f) is amended by striking ‘‘E
XEMPTIONS ’’ and inserting ‘‘A L-
LOWANCE ’’. (E) Section 3402(m) is amended by striking ‘‘additional withholding allowances or addi-tional reductions in withholding under this sub-section. In determining the number of additional withholding allowances’’ and inserting ‘‘an ad-ditional withholding allowance or additional re-ductions in withholding under this subsection. In determining the additional withholding al-lowance’’. (F) Paragraphs (3) and (4) of section 3405(a) (and the heading for such paragraph (4)) are each amended by striking ‘‘exemption’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘allowance’’. (G) Section 3405(a)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘shall be determined’’ and all that follows through ‘‘3 withholding exemptions’’ and insert-ing ‘‘shall be determined under rules prescribed by the Secretary’’. (d) E
XCEPTION FOR DETERMINING PROPERTY  E
XEMPT FROMLEVY.—Section 6334(d) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) Y
EARS WHEN PERSONAL EXEMPTION  
AMOUNT IS ZERO .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxable year in which the exemption amount under sec-tion 151(d) is zero, paragraph (2) shall not apply and for purposes of paragraph (1) the term ‘ex-empt amount’ means an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) the sum of the amount determined under subparagraph (B) and the standard deduction, divided by ‘‘(ii) 52. ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT DETERMINED .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the amount determined under this subparagraph is $4,150 multiplied by the number of the taxpayer’s dependents for the taxable year in which the levy occurs. ‘‘(C) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning in a calendar year after 2018, the $4,150 amount in subparagraph (B) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase determined under the preceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100. ‘‘(D) V
ERIFIED STATEMENT .—Unless the tax-payer submits to the Secretary a written and properly verified statement specifying the facts necessary to determine the proper amount under subparagraph (A), subparagraph (A) shall be applied as if the taxpayer were a married indi-vidual filing a separate return with no depend-ents.’’. (e) P
ERSONS REQUIRED TO MAKERETURNS OF  I
NCOME .—Section 6012 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T
HROUGH 2025.—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, subsection (a)(1) shall not apply, and every individual who has gross in-come for the taxable year shall be required to make returns with respect to income taxes under subtitle A, except that a return shall not be re-quired of— ‘‘(1) an individual who is not married (deter-mined by applying section 7703) and who has gross income for the taxable year which does not exceed the standard deduction applicable to such individual for such taxable year under sec-tion 63, or ‘‘(2) an individual entitled to make a joint re-turn if— ‘‘(A) the gross income of such individual, when combined with the gross income of such individual’s spouse, for the taxable year does not exceed the standard deduction which would be applicable to the taxpayer for such taxable year under section 63 if such individual and such individual’s spouse made a joint return, ‘‘(B) such individual and such individual’s spouse have the same household as their home at the close of the taxable year, ‘‘(C) such individual’s spouse does not make a separate return, and ‘‘(D) neither such individual nor such individ-ual’s spouse is an individual described in section 63(c)(5) who has income (other than earned in-come) in excess of the amount in effect under section 63(c)(5)(A).’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. (2) W
AGE WITHHOLDING .—The Secretary of the Treasury may administer section 3402 for tax-able years beginning before January 1, 2019, without regard to the amendments made by sub-sections (a) and (c). 
SEC. 11042. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION FOR STATE AND LOCAL, ETC. TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 164 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) L
IMITATION ON INDIVIDUAL DEDUCTIONS  
FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of an individual and a taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2017, and before Janu-ary 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) foreign real property taxes shall not be taken into account under subsection (a)(1), and ‘‘(B) the aggregate amount of taxes taken into account under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of subsection (a) and paragraph (5) of this sub-section for any taxable year shall not exceed $10,000 ($5,000 in the case of a married indi-vidual filing a separate return). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10270 December 20, 2017 
The preceding sentence shall not apply to any foreign taxes described in subsection (a)(3) or to any taxes described in paragraph (1) and (2) of subsection (a) which are paid or accrued in car-rying on a trade or business or an activity de-scribed in section 212. For purposes of subpara-graph (B), an amount paid in a taxable year be-ginning before January 1, 2018, with respect to a State or local income tax imposed for a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, shall be treated as paid on the last day of the taxable year for which such tax is so imposed.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 11043. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED RESIDENCE INTEREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 163(h)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-paragraph: ‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(I) D
ISALLOWANCE OF HOME EQUITY INDEBT -
EDNESS INTEREST .—Subparagraph (A)(ii) shall not apply. ‘‘(II) L
IMITATION ON ACQUISITION INDEBTED -
NESS.—Subparagraph (B)(ii) shall be applied by substituting ‘$750,000 ($375,000’ for ‘$1,000,000 ($500,000’. ‘‘(III) T
REATMENT OF INDEBTEDNESS INCURRED  
ON OR BEFORE DECEMBER 15 , 2017.—Subclause (II) shall not apply to any indebtedness incurred on or before December 15, 2017, and, in applying such subclause to any indebtedness incurred after such date, the limitation under such sub-clause shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount of any indebtedness incurred on or before December 15, 2017, which is treated as ac-quisition indebtedness for purposes of this sub-section for the taxable year. ‘‘(IV) B
INDING CONTRACT EXCEPTION .—In the case of a taxpayer who enters into a written binding contract before December 15, 2017, to close on the purchase of a principal residence before January 1, 2018, and who purchases such residence before April 1, 2018, subclause (III) shall be applied by substituting ‘April 1, 2018’ for ‘December 15, 2017’. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF LIMITATION IN TAXABLE  
YEARS AFTER DECEMBER 31 , 2025.—In the case of taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025, the limitation under subparagraph (B)(ii) shall be applied to the aggregate amount of indebted-ness of the taxpayer described in subparagraph (B)(i) without regard to the taxable year in which the indebtedness was incurred. ‘‘(iii) T
REATMENT OF REFINANCINGS OF INDEBT -
EDNESS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any indebt-edness which is incurred to refinance indebted-ness, such refinanced indebtedness shall be treated for purposes of clause (i)(III) as incurred on the date that the original indebtedness was incurred to the extent the amount of the indebt-edness resulting from such refinancing does not exceed the amount of the refinanced indebted-ness. ‘‘(II) L
IMITATION ON PERIOD OF REFI -
NANCING .—Subclause (I) shall not apply to any indebtedness after the expiration of the term of the original indebtedness or, if the principal of such original indebtedness is not amortized over its term, the expiration of the term of the 1st re-financing of such indebtedness (or if earlier, the date which is 30 years after the date of such 1st refinancing). ‘‘(iv) C
OORDINATION WITH EXCLUSION OF IN -
COME FROM DISCHARGE OF INDEBTEDNESS .—Sec- tion 108(h)(2) shall be applied without regard to this subparagraph.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. SEC. 11044. MODIFICATION OF DEDUCTION FOR PERSONAL CASUALTY LOSSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (h) of section 165 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) L
IMITATION FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual, except as provided in subparagraph (B), any personal casualty loss which (but for this paragraph) would be deductible in a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and be-fore January 1, 2026, shall be allowed as a de-duction under subsection (a) only to the extent it is attributable to a Federally declared disaster (as defined in subsection (i)(5)). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION RELATED TO PERSONAL CAS -
UALTY GAINS .—If a taxpayer has personal cas-ualty gains for any taxable year to which sub-paragraph (A) applies— ‘‘(i) subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the portion of the personal casualty loss not attrib-utable to a Federally declared disaster (as so de-fined) to the extent such loss does not exceed such gains, and ‘‘(ii) in applying paragraph (2) for purposes of subparagraph (A) to the portion of personal cas-ualty loss which is so attributable to such a dis-aster, the amount of personal casualty gains taken into account under paragraph (2)(A) shall be reduced by the portion of such gains taken into account under clause (i).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to losses incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11045. SUSPENSION OF MISCELLANEOUS ITEMIZED DEDUCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 67 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) S
USPENSION FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T
HROUGH 2025.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), no miscellaneous itemized deduction shall be allowed for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11046. SUSPENSION OF OVERALL LIMITA-TION ON ITEMIZED DEDUCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 68 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) S
ECTION NOT TO APPLY.—This section shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11047. SUSPENSION OF EXCLUSION FOR QUALIFIED BICYCLE COMMUTING REIMBURSEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 132(f) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) S
USPENSION OF QUALIFIED BICYCLE COM -
MUTING REIMBURSEMENT EXCLUSION .—Para- graph (1)(D) shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11048. SUSPENSION OF EXCLUSION FOR QUALIFIED MOVING EXPENSE REIM-BURSEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 132(g) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘For purposes of this section, the term’’ and inserting ‘‘For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) S
USPENSION FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—Except in the case of a member of the Armed Forces of the United States on ac-tive duty who moves pursuant to a military order and incident to a permanent change of station, subsection (a)(6) shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11049. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR MOVING EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 217 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(k) S
USPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR TAXABLE  Y
EARS 2018 T HROUGH 2025.—Except in the case of an individual to whom subsection (g) applies, this section shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11050. LIMITATION ON WAGERING LOSSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 165(d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of the preceding sentence, in the case of taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and be-fore January 1, 2026, the term ‘losses from wa-gering transactions’ includes any deduction oth-erwise allowable under this chapter incurred in carrying on any wagering transaction.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11051. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR ALI-MONY PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VII of subchapter B is amended by striking by striking section 215 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such subpart). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) C
ORRESPONDING REPEAL OF PROVISIONS  
PROVIDING FOR INCLUSION OF ALIMONY IN GROSS  
INCOME .— (A) Subsection (a) of section 61 is amended by striking paragraph (8) and by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (15) as paragraphs (8) through (14), respectively. (B) Part II of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 71 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (C) Subpart F of part I of subchapter J of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 682 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections for such subpart). (2) R
ELATED TO REPEAL OF SECTION 215.— (A) Section 62(a) is amended by striking para-graph (10). (B) Section 3402(m)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘(other than paragraph (10) thereof)’’. (C) Section 6724(d)(3) is amended by striking subparagraph (C) and by redesignating sub-paragraph (D) as subparagraph (C). (3) R
ELATED TO REPEAL OF SECTION 71.— (A) Section 121(d)(3) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 71(b)(2))’’ in subparagraph (B), and (ii) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) D
IVORCE OR SEPARATION INSTRUMENT .— For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘di-vorce or separation instrument’ means— ‘‘(i) a decree of divorce or separate mainte-nance or a written instrument incident to such a decree, ‘‘(ii) a written separation agreement, or ‘‘(iii) a decree (not described in clause (i)) re-quiring a spouse to make payments for the sup-port or maintenance of the other spouse.’’. (B) Section 152(d)(5) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES FOR SUPPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(i) payments to a spouse of alimony or sepa-rate maintenance payments shall not be treated as a payment by the payor spouse for the sup-port of any dependent, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of the remarriage of a parent, support of a child received from the parent’s spouse shall be treated as received from the par-ent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10271 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(B) A LIMONY OR SEPARATE MAINTENANCE  
PAYMENT .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘alimony or separate maintenance pay-ment’ means any payment in cash if— ‘‘(i) such payment is received by (or on behalf of) a spouse under a divorce or separation in-strument (as defined in section 121(d)(3)(C)), ‘‘(ii) in the case of an individual legally sepa-rated from the individual’s spouse under a de-cree of divorce or of separate maintenance, the payee spouse and the payor spouse are not members of the same household at the time such payment is made, and ‘‘(iii) there is no liability to make any such payment for any period after the death of the payee spouse and there is no liability to make any payment (in cash or property) as a sub-stitute for such payments after the death of the payee spouse.’’. (C) Section 219(f)(1) is amended by striking the third sentence. (D) Section 220(f)(7) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A) of section 71(b)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘clause (i) of section 121(d)(3)(C)’’. (E) Section 223(f)(7) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A) of section 71(b)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘clause (i) of section 121(d)(3)(C)’’. (F) Section 382(l)(3)(B)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 71(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 121(d)(3)(C)’’. (G) Section 408(d)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A) of section 71(b)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘clause (i) of section 121(d)(3)(C)’’. (4) A
DDITIONAL CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— Section 7701(a)(17) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘sections 682 and 2516’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2516’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘such sections’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘such section’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) any divorce or separation instrument (as defined in section 71(b)(2) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 as in effect before the date of the enactment of this Act) executed after Decem-ber 31, 2018, and (2) any divorce or separation instrument (as so defined) executed on or before such date and modified after such date if the modification ex-pressly provides that the amendments made by this section apply to such modification. PART VI—INCREASE IN ESTATE AND GIFT TAX EXEMPTION 
SEC. 11061. INCREASE IN ESTATE AND GIFT TAX EXEMPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2010(c)(3) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new sub-paragraph: ‘‘(C) I
NCREASE IN BASIC EXCLUSION AMOUNT .— In the case of estates of decedents dying or gifts made after December 31, 2017, and before Janu-ary 1, 2026, subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘$10,000,000’ for ‘$5,000,000’.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (g) of section 2001 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) M
ODIFICATIONS TO TAXPAYABLE .— ‘‘(1) M
ODIFICATIONS TO GIFT TAX PAYABLE TO  
REFLECT DIFFERENT TAX RATES .—For purposes of applying subsection (b)(2) with respect to 1 or more gifts, the rates of tax under subsection (c) in effect at the decedent’s death shall, in lieu of the rates of tax in effect at the time of such gifts, be used both to compute— ‘‘(A) the tax imposed by chapter 12 with re-spect to such gifts, and ‘‘(B) the credit allowed against such tax under section 2505, including in computing— ‘‘(i) the applicable credit amount under sec-tion 2505(a)(1), and ‘‘(ii) the sum of the amounts allowed as a credit for all preceding periods under section 2505(a)(2). ‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATIONS TO ESTATE TAX PAYABLE  
TO REFLECT DIFFERENT BASIC EXCLUSION  
AMOUNTS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out this section with respect to any dif-ference between— ‘‘(A) the basic exclusion amount under section 2010(c)(3) applicable at the time of the dece-dent’s death, and ‘‘(B) the basic exclusion amount under such section applicable with respect to any gifts made by the decedent.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to estates of dece-dents dying and gifts made after December 31, 2017. PART VII—EXTENSION OF TIME LIMIT FOR CONTESTING IRS LEVY 
SEC. 11071. EXTENSION OF TIME LIMIT FOR CON-TESTING IRS LEVY. 
(a) E XTENSION OF TIME FOR RETURN OF PROP-
ERTY SUBJECT TO LEVY.—Subsection (b) of sec-tion 6343 is amended by striking ‘‘9 months’’ and inserting ‘‘2 years’’. (b) P
ERIOD OF LIMITATION ON SUITS.—Sub- section (c) of section 6532 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘9 months’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘2 years’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘9-month’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘2-year’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) levies made after the date of the enactment of this Act, and (2) levies made on or before such date if the 9- month period has not expired under section 6343(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (without regard to this section) as of such date. PART VIII—INDIVIDUAL MANDATE 
SEC. 11081. ELIMINATION OF SHARED RESPONSI-BILITY PAYMENT FOR INDIVIDUALS FAILING TO MAINTAIN MINIMUM ES-SENTIAL COVERAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(c) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (2)(B)(iii), by striking ‘‘2.5 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Zero percent’’, and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$695’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘$0’’, and (B) by striking subparagraph (D). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2018. Subtitle B—Alternative Minimum Tax 
SEC. 12001. REPEAL OF TAX FOR CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 55(a) is amended by striking ‘‘There’’ and inserting ‘‘In the case of a taxpayer other than a corporation, there’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 38(c)(6) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) C
ORPORATIONS .—In the case of a cor-poration, this subsection shall be applied by treating the corporation as having a tentative minimum tax of zero.’’. (2) Section 53(d)(2) is amended by inserting ‘‘, except that in the case of a corporation, the ten-tative minimum tax shall be treated as zero’’ be-fore the period at the end. (3)(A) Section 55(b)(1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) A
MOUNT OF TENTATIVE TAX .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The tentative minimum tax for the taxable year is the sum of— ‘‘(i) 26 percent of so much of the taxable ex-cess as does not exceed $175,000, plus ‘‘(ii) 28 percent of so much of the taxable ex-cess as exceeds $175,000. The amount determined under the preceding sentence shall be reduced by the alternative minimum tax foreign tax credit for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) T
AXABLE EXCESS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘taxable excess’ means so much of the alternative minimum taxable income for the taxable year as exceeds the exemption amount. ‘‘(C) M
ARRIED INDIVIDUAL FILING SEPARATE  
RETURN .—In the case of a married individual fil-ing a separate return, subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting 50 percent of the dollar amount otherwise applicable under clause (i) and clause (ii) thereof. For purposes of the pre-ceding sentence, marital status shall be deter-mined under section 7703.’’. (B) Section 55(b)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’. (C) Section 59(a) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)(i) or (B)(i) of section 55(b)(1) (whichever applies) in lieu of the highest rate of tax specified in section 1 or 11 (whichever applies)’’ in paragraph (1)(C) and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1) in lieu of the highest rate of tax specified in section 1’’, and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘means’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘means the amount determined under the first sentence of section 55(b)(1)(A).’’. (D) Section 897(a)(2)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1)’’. (E) Section 911(f) is amended— (i) in paragraph (1)(B)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)(ii)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(B)’’, and (II) by striking ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)’’, and (ii) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)(ii)’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(B)’’. (4) Section 55(c)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘, the section 936 credit allowable under section 27(b), and the Puerto Rico economic activity credit under section 30A’’. (5) Section 55(d), as amended by section 11002, is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-nating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively, (B) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting a period, and by striking sub-paragraph (D), and (C) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking ‘‘(b)(1)(A)(i)’’ in subparagraph (B)(i) and inserting ‘‘(b)(1)(A)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ in subpara-graph (B)(iii) and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’. (6) Section 55 is amended by striking sub-section (e). (7) Section 56(b)(2) is amended by striking sub-paragraph (C) and by redesignating subpara-graph (D) as subparagraph (C). (8)(A) Section 56 is amended by striking sub-sections (c) and (g). (B) Section 847 is amended by striking the last sentence of paragraph (9). (C) Section 848 is amended by striking sub-section (i). (9) Section 58(a) is amended by striking para-graph (3) and redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (3). (10) Section 59 is amended by striking sub-sections (b) and (f). (11) Section 11(d) is amended by striking ‘‘the taxes imposed by subsection (a) and section 55’’ and inserting ‘‘the tax imposed by subsection (a)’’. (12) Section 12 is amended by striking para-graph (7). (13) Section 168(k) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (14) Section 882(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘, 55,’’. (15) Section 962(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 11 and 55’’ and inserting ‘‘section 11’’. (16) Section 1561(a) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting a period, and by striking paragraph (3), and (B) by striking the last sentence. (17) Section 6425(c)(1)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) the tax imposed by section 11 or 1201(a), or subchapter L of chapter 1, whichever is ap-plicable, over’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10272 December 20, 2017 
(18) Section 6655(e)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘and alternative minimum taxable income’’ each place it appears in subparagraphs (A) and (B)(i). (19) Section 6655(g)(1)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘plus’’ at the end of clause (i), by strik-ing clause (ii), and by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (ii). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 12002. CREDIT FOR PRIOR YEAR MINIMUM TAX LIABILITY OF CORPORATIONS. 
(a) C REDITS TREATED AS REFUNDABLE .—Sec- tion 53 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(e) P
ORTION OF CREDIT TREATED AS REFUND -
ABLE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxable year of a corporation beginning in 2018, 2019, 2020, or 2021, the limitation under subsection (c) shall be increased by the AMT refundable credit amount for such year. ‘‘(2) AMT 
REFUNDABLE CREDIT AMOUNT .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the AMT refundable credit amount is an amount equal to 50 percent (100 percent in the case of a taxable year begin-ning in 2021) of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the minimum tax credit determined under subsection (b) for the taxable year, over ‘‘(B) the minimum tax credit allowed under subsection (a) for such year (before the applica-tion of this subsection for such year). ‘‘(3) C
REDIT REFUNDABLE .—For purposes of this title (other than this section), the credit al-lowed by reason of this subsection shall be treat-ed as a credit allowed under subpart C (and not this subpart). ‘‘(4) S
HORT TAXABLE YEARS .—In the case of any taxable year of less than 365 days, the AMT refundable credit amount determined under paragraph (2) with respect to such taxable year shall be the amount which bears the same ratio to such amount determined without regard to this paragraph as the number of days in such taxable year bears to 365.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF REFERENCES .—Section 53(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) AMT 
TERM REFERENCES .—In the case of a corporation, any references in this subsection to section 55, 56, or 57 shall be treated as a ref-erence to such section as in effect before the amendments made by Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1374(b)(3)(B) is amended by striking the last sen-tence thereof. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2017. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The amend-ment made by subsection (c) shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2021. 
SEC. 12003. INCREASED EXEMPTION FOR INDIVID-UALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 55(d), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TAXABLE YEARS BEGIN -
NING AFTER 2017 AND BEFORE 2026 .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and be-fore January 1, 2026— ‘‘(i) paragraph (1) shall be applied— ‘‘(I) by substituting ‘$109,400’ for ‘$78,750’ in subparagraph (A), and ‘‘(II) by substituting ‘$70,300’ for ‘$50,600’ in subparagraph (B), and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (2) shall be applied— ‘‘(I) by substituting ‘$1,000,000’ for ‘$150,000’ in subparagraph (A), ‘‘(II) by substituting ‘50 percent of the dollar amount applicable under subparagraph (A)’ for ‘$112,500’ in subparagraph (B), and ‘‘(III) in the case of a taxpayer described in paragraph (1)(D), without regard to the substi-tution under subclause (I). ‘‘(B) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxable year beginning in a calendar year after 2018, the amounts described in clause (ii) shall each be in-creased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. ‘‘(ii) A
MOUNTS DESCRIBED .—The amounts de-scribed in this clause are the $109,400 amount in subparagraph (A)(i)(I), the $70,300 amount in subparagraph (A)(i)(II), and the $1,000,000 amount in subparagraph (A)(ii)(I). ‘‘(iii) R
OUNDING .—Any increased amount de-termined under clause (i) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100. ‘‘(iv) C
OORDINATION WITH CURRENT ADJUST -
MENTS .—In the case of any taxable year to which subparagraph (A) applies, no adjustment shall be made under paragraph (3) to any of the numbers which are substituted under subpara-graph (A) and adjusted under this subpara-graph.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. Subtitle C—Business-related Provisions PART I—CORPORATE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 13001. 21-PERCENT CORPORATE TAX RATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 11 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT OF TAX.—The amount of the tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be 21 percent of taxable income.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The following sections are each amended by striking ‘‘section 11(b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 11(b)’’: (A) Section 280C(c)(3)(B)(ii)(II). (B) Paragraphs (2)(B) and (6)(A)(ii) of section 860E(e). (C) Section 7874(e)(1)(B). (2)(A) Part I of subchapter P of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 1201 (and by strik-ing the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (B) Section 12 is amended by striking para-graphs (4) and (6), and by redesignating para-graph (5) as paragraph (4). (C) Section 453A(c)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘or 1201 (whichever is appropriate)’’. (D) Section 527(b) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2), and (ii) by striking all that precedes ‘‘is hereby im-posed’’ and inserting: ‘‘(b) T
AXIMPOSED .—A tax’’. (E) Sections 594(a) is amended by striking ‘‘taxes imposed by section 11 or 1201(a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘tax imposed by section 11’’. (F) Section 691(c)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘1201,’’. (G) Section 801(a) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2), and (ii) by striking all that precedes ‘‘is hereby im-posed’’ and inserting: ‘‘(a) T
AXIMPOSED .—A tax’’. (H) Section 831(e) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respec-tively. (I) Sections 832(c)(5) and 834(b)(1)(D) are each amended by striking ‘‘sec. 1201 and following,’’. (J) Section 852(b)(3)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1201(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 11(b)’’. (K) Section 857(b)(3) is amended— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and redesig-nating subparagraphs (B) through (F) as sub-paragraphs (A) through (E), respectively, (ii) in subparagraph (C), as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)(ii)’’ in clause (i) thereof and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’, (II) by striking ‘‘the tax imposed by subpara-graph (A)(ii)’’ in clauses (ii) and (iv) thereof and inserting ‘‘the tax imposed by paragraph (1) on undistributed capital gain’’, (iii) in subparagraph (E), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B) or (D)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (C)’’, and (iv) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) UNDISTRIBUTED CAPITAL GAIN .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘undistributed capital gain’ means the excess of the net capital gain over the deduction for dividends paid (as defined in section 561) determined with reference to capital gain dividends only.’’. (L) Section 882(a)(1), as amended by section 12001, is further amended by striking ‘‘or 1201(a)’’. (M) Section 904(b) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘or 1201(a)’’ in paragraph (2)(C), (ii) by striking paragraph (3)(D) and inserting the following: ‘‘(D) C
APITAL GAIN RATE DIFFERENTIAL .— There is a capital gain rate differential for any year if subsection (h) of section 1 applies to such taxable year.’’, and (iii) by striking paragraph (3)(E) and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) R
ATE DIFFERENTIAL PORTION .—The rate differential portion of foreign source net capital gain, net capital gain, or the excess of net cap-ital gain from sources within the United States over net capital gain, as the case may be, is the same proportion of such amount as— ‘‘(i) the excess of— ‘‘(I) the highest rate of tax set forth in sub-section (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e) of section 1 (whichever applies), over ‘‘(II) the alternative rate of tax determined under section 1(h), bears to ‘‘(ii) that rate referred to in subclause (I).’’. (N) Section 1374(b) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (O) Section 1381(b) is amended by striking ‘‘taxes imposed by section 11 or 1201’’ and in-serting ‘‘tax imposed by section 11’’. (P) Sections 6425(c)(1)(A), as amended by sec-tion 12001, and 6655(g)(1)(A)(i) are each amend-ed by striking ‘‘or 1201(a),’’. (Q) Section 7518(g)(6)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or 1201(a)’’. (3)(A) Section 1445(e)(1) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘35 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘the highest rate of tax in effect for the taxable year under section 11(b)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘of the gain’’ and inserting ‘‘multiplied by the gain’’. (B) Section 1445(e)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘35 percent of the amount’’ and inserting ‘‘the highest rate of tax in effect for the taxable year under section 11(b) multiplied by the amount’’. (C) Section 1445(e)(6) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘35 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘the highest rate of tax in effect for the taxable year under section 11(b)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘of the amount’’ and inserting ‘‘multiplied by the amount’’. (D) Section 1446(b)(2)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 11(b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 11(b)’’. (4) Section 852(b)(1) is amended by striking the last sentence. (5)(A) Part I of subchapter B of chapter 5 is amended by striking section 1551 (and by strik-ing the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (B) Section 535(c)(5) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(5) C
ROSS REFERENCE .—For limitation on credit provided in paragraph (2) or (3) in the case of certain controlled corporations, see sec-tion 1561.’’. (6)(A) Section 1561, as amended by section 12001, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1561. LIMITATION ON ACCUMULATED EARN-INGS CREDIT IN THE CASE OF CER-TAIN CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The component members of a controlled group of corporations on a Decem-ber 31 shall, for their taxable years which in-clude such December 31, be limited for purposes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10273 December 20, 2017 
of this subtitle to one $250,000 ($150,000 if any component member is a corporation described in section 535(c)(2)(B)) amount for purposes of computing the accumulated earnings credit under section 535(c)(2) and (3). Such amount shall be divided equally among the component members of such group on such December 31 un-less the Secretary prescribes regulations permit-ting an unequal allocation of such amount. ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN SHORT TAXABLE YEARS.—If a corporation has a short taxable year which does not include a December 31 and is a component member of a controlled group of corporations with respect to such taxable year, then for pur-poses of this subtitle, the amount to be used in computing the accumulated earnings credit under section 535(c)(2) and (3) of such corpora-tion for such taxable year shall be the amount specified in subsection (a) with respect to such group, divided by the number of corporations which are component members of such group on the last day of such taxable year. For purposes of the preceding sentence, section 1563(b) shall be applied as if such last day were substituted for December 31.’’. (B) The table of sections for part II of sub-chapter B of chapter 5 is amended by striking the item relating to section 1561 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 1561. Limitation on accumulated earnings credit in the case of certain con-trolled corporations.’’. (7) Section 7518(g)(6)(A) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘With respect to the portion’’ and inserting ‘‘In the case of a taxpayer other than a corporation, with respect to the por-tion’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘(34 percent in the case of a corporation)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—The amendments made by subsection (b)(3) shall apply to distributions made after December 31, 2017. (3) C
ERTAIN TRANSFERS .—The amendments made by subsection (b)(6) shall apply to trans-fers made after December 31, 2017. (d) N
ORMALIZATION REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A normalization method of accounting shall not be treated as being used with respect to any public utility property for purposes of section 167 or 168 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 if the taxpayer, in com-puting its cost of service for ratemaking pur-poses and reflecting operating results in its reg-ulated books of account, reduces the excess tax reserve more rapidly or to a greater extent than such reserve would be reduced under the aver-age rate assumption method. (2) A
LTERNATIVE METHOD FOR CERTAIN TAX -
PAYERS .—If, as of the first day of the taxable year that includes the date of enactment of this Act— (A) the taxpayer was required by a regulatory agency to compute depreciation for public util-ity property on the basis of an average life or composite rate method, and (B) the taxpayer’s books and underlying records did not contain the vintage account data necessary to apply the average rate as-sumption method, the taxpayer will be treated as using a normal-ization method of accounting if, with respect to such jurisdiction, the taxpayer uses the alter-native method for public utility property that is subject to the regulatory authority of that juris-diction. (3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— (A) E
XCESS TAX RESERVE .—The term ‘‘excess tax reserve’’ means the excess of— (i) the reserve for deferred taxes (as described in section 168(i)(9)(A)(ii) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986) as of the day before the cor-porate rate reductions provided in the amend-ments made by this section take effect, over (ii) the amount which would be the balance in such reserve if the amount of such reserve were determined by assuming that the corporate rate reductions provided in this Act were in effect for all prior periods. (B) AVERAGE RATE ASSUMPTION METHOD .—The average rate assumption method is the method under which the excess in the reserve for de-ferred taxes is reduced over the remaining lives of the property as used in its regulated books of account which gave rise to the reserve for de-ferred taxes. Under such method, during the time period in which the timing differences for the property reverse, the amount of the adjust-ment to the reserve for the deferred taxes is cal-culated by multiplying— (i) the ratio of the aggregate deferred taxes for the property to the aggregate timing differences for the property as of the beginning of the pe-riod in question, by (ii) the amount of the timing differences which reverse during such period. (C) A
LTERNATIVE METHOD .—The ‘‘alternative method’’ is the method in which the taxpayer— (i) computes the excess tax reserve on all pub-lic utility property included in the plant ac-count on the basis of the weighted average life or composite rate used to compute depreciation for regulatory purposes, and (ii) reduces the excess tax reserve ratably over the remaining regulatory life of the property. (4) T
AX INCREASED FOR NORMALIZATION VIOLA -
TION.—If, for any taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of this Act, the taxpayer does not use a normalization method of account-ing for the corporate rate reductions provided in the amendments made by this section— (A) the taxpayer’s tax for the taxable year shall be increased by the amount by which it re-duces its excess tax reserve more rapidly than permitted under a normalization method of ac-counting, and (B) such taxpayer shall not be treated as using a normalization method of accounting for purposes of subsections (f)(2) and (i)(9)(C) of section 168 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
SEC. 13002. REDUCTION IN DIVIDEND RECEIVED DEDUCTIONS TO REFLECT LOWER CORPORATE INCOME TAX RATES. 
(a) D IVIDENDS RECEIVED BY CORPORATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 243(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 per-cent’’. (2) D
IVIDENDS FROM 20 -PERCENT OWNED COR -
PORATIONS .—Section 243(c)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading for section 243(c) is amended by striking ‘‘R
E-
TENTION OF 80-PERCENT DIVIDEND RECEIVED DE-
DUCTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘I NCREASED PERCENT -
AGE’’. (b) D
IVIDENDS RECEIVED FROM FSC.—Section 245(c)(1)(B) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’. (c) L
IMITATION ON AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF  D
EDUCTIONS .—Section 246(b)(3) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ in subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’. (d) R
EDUCTION IN DEDUCTION WHERE PORT-
FOLIO STOCK ISDEBT-FINANCED .—Section 246A(a)(1) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’. (e) I
NCOME FROM SOURCES WITHIN THE  U
NITED STATES .—Section 861(a)(2) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘100/70th’’ and inserting ‘‘100/ 50th’’ in subparagraph (B), and (2) in the flush sentence at the end— (A) by striking ‘‘100/80th’’ and inserting ‘‘100/ 65th’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘100/70th’’ and inserting ‘‘100/ 50th’’. (f) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. PART II—SMALL BUSINESS REFORMS 
SEC. 13101. MODIFICATIONS OF RULES FOR EX-PENSING DEPRECIABLE BUSINESS ASSETS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN LIMITATION .— (1) D
OLLAR LIMITATION .—Section 179(b)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000’’. (2) R
EDUCTION IN LIMITATION .—Section 179(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘$2,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,500,000’’. (3) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (A) of section 179(b)(6), as amended by section 11002(d), is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’, and (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘calendar year 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘calendar year 2017’’. (B) S
PORT UTILITY VEHICLES .—Section 179(b)(6) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (1) and (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1), (2), and (5)(A)’’, and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘($100 in the case of any increase in the amount under paragraph (5)(A))’’ after ‘‘$10,000’’. (b) Section 179 Property To Include Qualified Real Property.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (B) of section 179(d)(1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) which is— ‘‘(i) section 1245 property (as defined in sec-tion 1245(a)(3)), or ‘‘(ii) at the election of the taxpayer, qualified real property (as defined in subsection (f)), and’’. (2) Q
UALIFIED REAL PROPERTY DEFINED .—Sub- section (f) of section 179 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) Q
UALIFIED REAL PROPERTY .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘qualified real property’ means— ‘‘(1) any qualified improvement property de-scribed in section 168(e)(6), and ‘‘(2) any of the following improvements to nonresidential real property placed in service after the date such property was first placed in service: ‘‘(A) Roofs. ‘‘(B) Heating, ventilation, and air-condi-tioning property. ‘‘(C) Fire protection and alarm systems. ‘‘(D) Security systems.’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF EXCLUSION FOR CERTAIN PROP-
ERTY.—The last sentence of section 179(d)(1) is amended by inserting ‘‘(other than paragraph (2) thereof)’’ after ‘‘section 50(b)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service in taxable years beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13102. SMALL BUSINESS ACCOUNTING METH-OD REFORM AND SIMPLIFICATION. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON CASH M
ETHOD OF ACCOUNTING .— (1) I
NCREASED LIMITATION .—So much of sec-tion 448(c) as precedes paragraph (2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) G
ROSS RECEIPTS TEST.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A corporation or partner-ship meets the gross receipts test of this sub-section for any taxable year if the average an-nual gross receipts of such entity for the 3-tax-able-year period ending with the taxable year which precedes such taxable year does not ex-ceed $25,000,000.’’. (2) A
PPLICATION OF EXCEPTION ON ANNUAL  
BASIS .—Section 448(b)(3) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10274 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(3) E NTITIES WHICH MEET GROSS RECEIPTS  
TEST.—Paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall not apply to any corporation or partner-ship for any taxable year if such entity (or any predecessor) meets the gross receipts test of sub-section (c) for such taxable year.’’. (3) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—Section 448(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2018, the dollar amount in paragraph (1) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount as increased under the preceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000,000, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000,000.’’. (4) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—Section 448(d)(7) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(7) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—Any change in method of accounting made pursuant to this section shall be treated for purposes of section 481 as initiated by the taxpayer and made with the consent of the Secretary.’’. (5) A
PPLICATION OF EXCEPTION TO CORPORA -
TIONS ENGAGED IN FARMING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 447(c) is amended— (i) by inserting ‘‘for any taxable year’’ after ‘‘not being a corporation’’ in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), and (ii) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) a corporation which meets the gross re-ceipts test of section 448(c) for such taxable year.’’. (B) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—Section 447(f) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) C
OORDINATION WITHSECTION 481.—Any change in method of accounting made pursuant to this section shall be treated for purposes of section 481 as initiated by the taxpayer and made with the consent of the Secretary.’’. (C) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 447 is amended— (i) by striking subsections (d), (e), (h), and (i), and (ii) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) (as amended by subparagraph (B)) as sub-sections (d) and (e), respectively. (b) E
XEMPTION FROM UNICAP R EQUIRE -
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 263A is amended by redesignating subsection (i) as subsection (j) and by inserting after subsection (h) the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) E
XEMPTION FOR CERTAIN SMALL BUSI-
NESSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxpayer (other than a tax shelter prohibited from using the cash receipts and disbursements method of accounting under section 448(a)(3)) which meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for any taxable year, this section shall not apply with respect to such taxpayer for such taxable year. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION OF GROSS RECEIPTS TEST TO  
INDIVIDUALS , ETC.—In the case of any taxpayer which is not a corporation or a partnership, the gross receipts test of section 448(c) shall be ap-plied in the same manner as if each trade or business of such taxpayer were a corporation or partnership. ‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—Any change in method of accounting made pursuant to this subsection shall be treated for purposes of section 481 as initiated by the taxpayer and made with the consent of the Secretary.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 263A(b)(2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
ROPERTY ACQUIRED FOR RESALE .—Real or personal property described in section 1221(a)(1) which is acquired by the taxpayer for resale.’’. (c) EXEMPTION FROM INVENTORIES .—Section 471 is amended by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d) and by inserting after sub-section (b) the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) E
XEMPTION FOR CERTAIN SMALL BUSI-
NESSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxpayer (other than a tax shelter prohibited from using the cash receipts and disbursements method of accounting under section 448(a)(3)) which meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for any taxable year— ‘‘(A) subsection (a) shall not apply with re-spect to such taxpayer for such taxable year, and ‘‘(B) the taxpayer’s method of accounting for inventory for such taxable year shall not be treated as failing to clearly reflect income if such method either— ‘‘(i) treats inventory as non-incidental mate-rials and supplies, or ‘‘(ii) conforms to such taxpayer’s method of accounting reflected in an applicable financial statement of the taxpayer with respect to such taxable year or, if the taxpayer does not have any applicable financial statement with respect to such taxable year, the books and records of the taxpayer prepared in accordance with the taxpayer’s accounting procedures. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE FINANCIAL STATEMENT .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘applicable financial statement’ has the meaning given the term in section 451(b)(3). ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION OF GROSS RECEIPTS TEST TO  
INDIVIDUALS , ETC.—In the case of any taxpayer which is not a corporation or a partnership, the gross receipts test of section 448(c) shall be ap-plied in the same manner as if each trade or business of such taxpayer were a corporation or partnership. ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—Any change in method of accounting made pursuant to this subsection shall be treated for purposes of section 481 as initiated by the taxpayer and made with the consent of the Secretary.’’. (d) E
XEMPTION FROM PERCENTAGE COMPLE -
TION FOR LONG-TERM CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 460(e)(1)(B) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(other than a tax shelter prohibited from using the cash receipts and dis-bursements method of accounting under section 448(a)(3))’’ after ‘‘taxpayer’’ in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), and (B) by amending clause (ii) to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) who meets the gross receipts test of sec-tion 448(c) for the taxable year in which such contract is entered into.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 460(e) is amended by striking paragraphs (2) and (3), by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respectively, and by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) R
ULES RELATED TO GROSS RECEIPTS  
TEST.— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION OF GROSS RECEIPTS TEST TO  
INDIVIDUALS , ETC.—For purposes of paragraph (1)(B)(ii), in the case of any taxpayer which is not a corporation or a partnership, the gross re-ceipts test of section 448(c) shall be applied in the same manner as if each trade or business of such taxpayer were a corporation or partner-ship. ‘‘(B) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—Any change in method of accounting made pursuant to paragraph (1)(B)(ii) shall be treated as initi-ated by the taxpayer and made with the consent of the Secretary. Such change shall be effected on a cut-off basis for all similarly classified con-tracts entered into on or after the year of change.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) P
RESERVATION OF SUSPENSE ACCOUNT  
RULES WITH RESPECT TO ANY EXISTING SUSPENSE  ACCOUNTS .—So much of the amendments made by subsection (a)(5)(C) as relate to section 447(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply with respect to any suspense account es-tablished under such section before the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) E
XEMPTION FROM PERCENTAGE COMPLETION  
FOR LONG -TERM CONTRACTS .—The amendments made by subsection (d) shall apply to contracts entered into after December 31, 2017, in taxable years ending after such date. PART III—COST RECOVERY AND ACCOUNTING METHODS Subpart A—Cost Recovery 
SEC. 13201. TEMPORARY 100-PERCENT EXPENSING FOR CERTAIN BUSINESS ASSETS. 
(a) I NCREASED EXPENSING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 168(k) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘50 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicable percent-age’’, and (B) in paragraph (5)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘50 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicable percent-age’’. (2) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—Paragraph (6) of section 168(k) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(6) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this paragraph, the term ‘applicable percentage’ means— ‘‘(i) in the case of property placed in service after September 27, 2017, and before January 1, 2023, 100 percent, ‘‘(ii) in the case of property placed in service after December 31, 2022, and before January 1, 2024, 80 percent, ‘‘(iii) in the case of property placed in service after December 31, 2023, and before January 1, 2025, 60 percent, ‘‘(iv) in the case of property placed in service after December 31, 2024, and before January 1, 2026, 40 percent, and ‘‘(v) in the case of property placed in service after December 31, 2025, and before January 1, 2027, 20 percent. ‘‘(B) R
ULE FOR PROPERTY WITH LONGER PRO -
DUCTION PERIODS .—In the case of property de-scribed in subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2), the term ‘applicable percentage’ means— ‘‘(i) in the case of property placed in service after September 27, 2017, and before January 1, 2024, 100 percent, ‘‘(ii) in the case of property placed in service after December 31, 2023, and before January 1, 2025, 80 percent, ‘‘(iii) in the case of property placed in service after December 31, 2024, and before January 1, 2026, 60 percent, ‘‘(iv) in the case of property placed in service after December 31, 2025, and before January 1, 2027, 40 percent, and ‘‘(v) in the case of property placed in service after December 31, 2026, and before January 1, 2028, 20 percent. ‘‘(C) R
ULE FOR PLANTS BEARING FRUITS AND  
NUTS.—In the case of a specified plant described in paragraph (5), the term ‘applicable percent-age’ means— ‘‘(i) in the case of a plant which is planted or grafted after September 27, 2017, and before Jan-uary 1, 2023, 100 percent, ‘‘(ii) in the case of a plant which is planted or grafted after December 31, 2022, and before Jan-uary 1, 2024, 80 percent, ‘‘(iii) in the case of a plant which is planted or grafted after December 31, 2023, and before January 1, 2025, 60 percent, ‘‘(iv) in the case of a plant which is planted or grafted after December 31, 2024, and before January 1, 2026, 40 percent, and ‘‘(v) in the case of a plant which is planted or grafted after December 31, 2025, and before Jan-uary 1, 2027, 20 percent.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .— (A) Paragraph (5) of section 168(k) is amended by striking subparagraph (F). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10275 December 20, 2017 
(B) Section 168(k) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) P
HASE DOWN .—In the case of qualified property acquired by the taxpayer before Sep-tember 28, 2017, and placed in service by the tax-payer after September 27, 2017, paragraph (6) shall be applied by substituting for each per-centage therein— ‘‘(A) ‘50 percent’ in the case of— ‘‘(i) property placed in service before January 1, 2018, and ‘‘(ii) property described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2) which is placed in serv-ice in 2018, ‘‘(B) ‘40 percent’ in the case of— ‘‘(i) property placed in service in 2018 (other than property described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2)), and ‘‘(ii) property described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2) which is placed in serv-ice in 2019, ‘‘(C) ‘30 percent’ in the case of— ‘‘(i) property placed in service in 2019 (other than property described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2)), and ‘‘(ii) property described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2) which is placed in serv-ice in 2020, and ‘‘(D) ‘0 percent’ in the case of— ‘‘(i) property placed in service after 2019 (other than property described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2)), and ‘‘(ii) property described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (2) which is placed in serv-ice after 2020.’’. (b) E
XTENSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 168(k) is amended— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(iii), clauses (i)(III) and (ii) of subparagraph (B), and subparagraph (E)(i), by striking ‘‘January 1, 2020’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2027’’, and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i)(II), by striking ‘‘January 1, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2028’’, and (II) in the heading of clause (ii), by striking ‘‘
PRE-JANUARY 1 , 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘ PRE-JANU-
ARY 1 , 2027’’, and (B) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘January 1, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2027’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Clause (ii) of section 460(c)(6)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2020 (January 1, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2027 (Janu-ary 1, 2028’’. (B) The heading of section 168(k) is amended by striking ‘‘A
CQUIRED AFTER DECEMBER 31, 2007, 
ANDBEFORE JANUARY 1, 2020’’. (c) A
PPLICATION TO USEDPROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 168(k)(2)(A)(ii) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) the original use of which begins with the taxpayer or the acquisition of which by the tax-payer meets the requirements of clause (ii) of subparagraph (E), and’’. (2) A
CQUISITION REQUIREMENTS .—Section 168(k)(2)(E)(ii) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) A
CQUISITION REQUIREMENTS .—An acqui- sition of property meets the requirements of this clause if— ‘‘(I) such property was not used by the tax-payer at any time prior to such acquisition, and ‘‘(II) the acquisition of such property meets the requirements of paragraphs (2)(A), (2)(B), (2)(C), and (3) of section 179(d).’’, (3) A
NTI-ABUSE RULES .—Section 168(k)(2)(E) is further amended by amending clause (iii)(I) to read as follows: ‘‘(I) property is used by a lessor of such prop-erty and such use is the lessor’s first use of such property,’’. (d) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PROPERTY .—Sec- tion 168(k), as amended by this section, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PROPERTY .—The term ‘qualified property’ shall not include— ‘‘(A) any property which is primarily used in a trade or business described in clause (iv) of section 163(j)(7)(A), or ‘‘(B) any property used in a trade or business that has had floor plan financing indebtedness (as defined in paragraph (9) of section 163(j)), if the floor plan financing interest related to such indebtedness was taken into account under paragraph (1)(C) of such section.’’. (e) SPECIAL RULE.—Section 168(k), as amend-ed by this section, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PROPERTY PLACED IN  
SERVICE DURING CERTAIN PERIODS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of qualified property placed in service by the taxpayer dur-ing the first taxable year ending after September 27, 2017, if the taxpayer elects to have this para-graph apply for such taxable year, paragraphs (1)(A) and (5)(A)(i) shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘50 percent’ for ‘the applicable percent-age’. ‘‘(B) F
ORM OF ELECTION .—Any election under this paragraph shall be made at such time and in such form and manner as the Secretary may prescribe.’’. (f) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 280F.— Clause (iii) of section 168(k)(2)(F) is amended by striking ‘‘placed in service by the taxpayer after December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘acquired by the taxpayer before September 28, 2017, and placed in service by the taxpayer after Sep-tember 27, 2017’’. (g) Q
UALIFIED FILM AND TELEVISION AND LIVE T
HEATRICAL PRODUCTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Clause (i) of section 168(k)(2)(A), as amended by section 13204, is amended— (A) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘or’’, (B) in subclause (III), by adding ‘‘or’’ after the comma, and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) which is a qualified film or television production (as defined in subsection (d) of sec-tion 181) for which a deduction would have been allowable under section 181 without regard to subsections (a)(2) and (g) of such section or this subsection, or ‘‘(V) which is a qualified live theatrical pro-duction (as defined in subsection (e) of section 181) for which a deduction would have been al-lowable under section 181 without regard to sub-sections (a)(2) and (g) of such section or this subsection,’’. (2) P
RODUCTION PLACED IN SERVICE .—Para- graph (2) of section 168(k) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) P
RODUCTION PLACED IN SERVICE .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) a qualified film or television production shall be considered to be placed in service at the time of initial release or broadcast, and ‘‘(ii) a qualified live theatrical production shall be considered to be placed in service at the time of the initial live staged performance.’’. (h) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided by para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to property which— (A) is acquired after September 27, 2017, and (B) is placed in service after such date. For purposes of the preceding sentence, property shall not be treated as acquired after the date on which a written binding contract is entered into for such acquisition. (2) S
PECIFIED PLANTS .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to specified plants planted or grafted after September 27, 2017. 
SEC. 13202. MODIFICATIONS TO DEPRECIATION LIMITATIONS ON LUXURY AUTO-MOBILES AND PERSONAL USE PROP-ERTY. 
(a) L UXURY AUTOMOBILES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—280F(a)(1)(A) is amended— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘$2,560’’ and in-serting ‘‘$10,000’’, (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘$4,100’’ and in-serting ‘‘$16,000’’, (C) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘$2,450’’ and in-serting ‘‘$9,600’’, and (D) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘$1,475’’ and in-serting ‘‘$5,760’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Clause (ii) of section 280F(a)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘$1,475’’ in the text and heading and inserting ‘‘$5,760’’. (B) Paragraph (7) of section 280F(d) is amend-ed— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘1988’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’, and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(i)(II), by striking ‘‘1987’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. (b) R
EMOVAL OF COMPUTER EQUIPMENT FROM L
ISTED PROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 280F(d)(4)(A) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (iii), (B) by striking clause (iv), and (C) by redesignating clause (v) as clause (iv). (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 280F(d)(4) is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2017, in taxable years ending after such date. 
SEC. 13203. MODIFICATIONS OF TREATMENT OF CERTAIN FARM PROPERTY. 
(a) T REATMENT OF CERTAIN FARM PROPERTY  
AS5-YEAR PROPERTY .—Clause (vii) of section 168(e)(3)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘after De-cember 31, 2008, and which is placed in service before January 1, 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘after De-cember 31, 2017’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF REQUIRED USE OF 150-P ERCENT  D
ECLINING BALANCE METHOD .—Section 168(b)(2) is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2017, in taxable years ending after such date. 
SEC. 13204. APPLICABLE RECOVERY PERIOD FOR REAL PROPERTY. 
(a) I MPROVEMENTS TO REALPROPERTY .— (1) E
LIMINATION OF QUALIFIED LEASEHOLD IM -
PROVEMENT , QUALIFIED RESTAURANT , AND QUALI -
FIED RETAIL IMPROVEMENT PROPERTY .—Sub- section (e) of section 168 is amended— (A) in subparagraph (E) of paragraph (3)— (i) by striking clauses (iv), (v), and (ix), (ii) in clause (vii), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end, (iii) in clause (viii), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and inserting a period, and (iv) by redesignating clauses (vi), (vii), and (viii), as so amended, as clauses (iv), (v), and (vi), respectively, and (B) by striking paragraphs (6), (7), and (8). (2) A
PPLICATION OF STRAIGHT LINE METHOD TO  
QUALIFIED IMPROVEMENT PROPERTY .—Para- graph (3) of section 168(b) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraphs (G), (H), and (I), and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) Qualified improvement property de-scribed in subsection (e)(6).’’. (3) A
LTERNATIVE DEPRECIATION SYSTEM .— (A) E
LECTING REAL PROPERTY TRADE OR BUSI -
NESS.—Subsection (g) of section 168 is amend-ed— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end, (II) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end, and (III) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) any property described in paragraph (8),’’, and (ii) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) E
LECTING REAL PROPERTY TRADE OR BUSI -
NESS.—The property described in this paragraph shall consist of any nonresidential real prop-erty, residential rental property, and qualified 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10276 December 20, 2017 
improvement property held by an electing real property trade or business (as defined in 163(j)(7)(B)).’’. (B) Q
UALIFIED IMPROVEMENT PROPERTY .—The table contained in subparagraph (B) of section 168(g)(3) is amended— (i) by inserting after the item relating to sub-paragraph (D)(ii) the following new item: ‘‘(D)(v) ....................................... 20’’ , and (ii) by striking the item relating to subpara-graph (E)(iv) and all that follows through the item relating to subparagraph (E)(ix) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(E)(iv) ...................................... 20(E)(v) ......................................... 30(E)(vi) ........................................ 35’’. (C) A
PPLICABLE RECOVERY PERIOD FOR RESI -
DENTIAL RENTAL PROPERTY .—The table con-tained in subparagraph (C) of section 168(g)(2) is amended by striking clauses (iii) and (iv) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) Residential rental property 30 years(iv) Nonresidential real property .. 40 years(v) Any railroad grading or tun-nel bore or water utility prop-erty ......................................... 50 years’’. (4) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Clause (i) of section 168(k)(2)(A) is amend-ed— (i) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the comma, (ii) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end, and (iii) by striking subclause (IV). (B) Section 168 is amended— (i) in subsection (e), as amended by paragraph (1)(B), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) Q
UALIFIED IMPROVEMENT PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified im-provement property’ means any improvement to an interior portion of a building which is non-residential real property if such improvement is placed in service after the date such building was first placed in service. ‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS NOT INCLUDED .— Such term shall not include any improvement for which the expenditure is attributable to— ‘‘(i) the enlargement of the building, ‘‘(ii) any elevator or escalator, or ‘‘(iii) the internal structural framework of the building.’’, and (ii) in subsection (k), by striking paragraph (3). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2017. (2) A
MENDMENTS RELATED TO ELECTING REAL  
PROPERTY TRADE OR BUSINESS .—The amend-ments made by subsection (a)(3)(A) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13205. USE OF ALTERNATIVE DEPRECIATION SYSTEM FOR ELECTING FARMING BUSINESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 168(g)(1), as amend-ed by section 13204, is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (E), by in-serting ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (F), and by inserting after subparagraph (F) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) any property with a recovery period of 10 years or more which is held by an electing farm-ing business (as defined in section 163(j)(7)(C)),’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13206. AMORTIZATION OF RESEARCH AND EXPERIMENTAL EXPENDITURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 174 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 174. AMORTIZATION OF RESEARCH AND EX-PERIMENTAL EXPENDITURES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer’s specified research or experimental expenditures for any taxable year— ‘‘(1) except as provided in paragraph (2), no deduction shall be allowed for such expendi-tures, and ‘‘(2) the taxpayer shall— ‘‘(A) charge such expenditures to capital ac-count, and ‘‘(B) be allowed an amortization deduction of such expenditures ratably over the 5-year period (15-year period in the case of any specified re-search or experimental expenditures which are attributable to foreign research (within the meaning of section 41(d)(4)(F))) beginning with the midpoint of the taxable year in which such expenditures are paid or incurred. ‘‘(b) SPECIFIED RESEARCH OR EXPERIMENTAL  E
XPENDITURES .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘specified research or experimental ex-penditures’ means, with respect to any taxable year, research or experimental expenditures which are paid or incurred by the taxpayer dur-ing such taxable year in connection with the taxpayer’s trade or business. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULES.— ‘‘(1) L
AND AND OTHER PROPERTY .—This sec- tion shall not apply to any expenditure for the acquisition or improvement of land, or for the acquisition or improvement of property to be used in connection with the research or experi-mentation and of a character which is subject to the allowance under section 167 (relating to al-lowance for depreciation, etc.) or section 611 (re-lating to allowance for depletion); but for pur-poses of this section allowances under section 167, and allowances under section 611, shall be considered as expenditures. ‘‘(2) E
XPLORATION EXPENDITURES .—This sec- tion shall not apply to any expenditure paid or incurred for the purpose of ascertaining the ex-istence, location, extent, or quality of any de-posit of ore or other mineral (including oil and gas). ‘‘(3) S
OFTWARE DEVELOPMENT .—For purposes of this section, any amount paid or incurred in connection with the development of any soft-ware shall be treated as a research or experi-mental expenditure. ‘‘(d) T
REATMENT UPONDISPOSITION , RETIRE -
MENT , ORABANDONMENT .—If any property with respect to which specified research or experi-mental expenditures are paid or incurred is dis-posed, retired, or abandoned during the period during which such expenditures are allowed as an amortization deduction under this section, no deduction shall be allowed with respect to such expenditures on account of such disposi-tion, retirement, or abandonment and such am-ortization deduction shall continue with respect to such expenditures.’’. (b) C
HANGE IN METHOD OF ACCOUNTING .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall be treated as a change in method of accounting for purposes of section 481 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and— (1) such change shall be treated as initiated by the taxpayer, (2) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary, and (3) such change shall be applied only on a cut-off basis for any research or experimental expenditures paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2021, and no ad-justments under section 481(a) shall be made. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 174 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 174. Amortization of research and experi-mental expenditures.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 41(d)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘expenses under section 174’’ and inserting ‘‘specified research or experimental expenditures under section 174’’. (2) Subsection (c) of section 280C is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If— ‘‘(A) the amount of the credit determined for the taxable year under section 41(a)(1), exceeds ‘‘(B) the amount allowable as a deduction for such taxable year for qualified research ex-penses or basic research expenses, the amount chargeable to capital account for the taxable year for such expenses shall be re-duced by the amount of such excess.’’, (B) by striking paragraph (2), (C) by redesignating paragraphs (3) (as amended by this Act) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively, and (D) in paragraph (2), as redesignated by sub-paragraph (C), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’. (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2021. 
SEC. 13207. EXPENSING OF CERTAIN COSTS OF REPLANTING CITRUS PLANTS LOST BY REASON OF CASUALTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 263A(d)(2) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new sub-paragraph: ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL TEMPORARY RULE FOR CITRUS  
PLANTS LOST BY REASON OF CASUALTY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of the replant-ing of citrus plants, subparagraph (A) shall apply to amounts paid or incurred by a person (other than the taxpayer described in subpara-graph (A)) if— ‘‘(I) the taxpayer described in subparagraph (A) has an equity interest of not less than 50 percent in the replanted citrus plants at all times during the taxable year in which such amounts were paid or incurred and such other person holds any part of the remaining equity interest, or ‘‘(II) such other person acquired the entirety of such taxpayer’s equity interest in the land on which the lost or damaged citrus plants were lo-cated at the time of such loss or damage, and the replanting is on such land. ‘‘(ii) T
ERMINATION .—Clause (i) shall not apply to any cost paid or incurred after the date which is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to costs paid or in-curred after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subpart B—Accounting Methods 
SEC. 13221. CERTAIN SPECIAL RULES FOR TAX-ABLE YEAR OF INCLUSION. 
(a) I NCLUSION NOTLATER THAN FOR FINAN-
CIAL ACCOUNTING PURPOSES .—Section 451 is amended by redesignating subsections (b) through (i) as subsections (c) through (j), re-spectively, and by inserting after subsection (a) the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) I
NCLUSION NOTLATER THAN FOR FINAN-
CIALACCOUNTING PURPOSES .— ‘‘(1) I
NCOME TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IN FINAN -
CIAL STATEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer the taxable income of which is computed under an accrual method of accounting, the all events test with respect to any item of gross income (or portion thereof) shall not be treated as met any later than when such item (or portion thereof) is taken into account as revenue in— ‘‘(i) an applicable financial statement of the taxpayer, or ‘‘(ii) such other financial statement as the Secretary may specify for purposes of this sub-section. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—This paragraph shall not apply to— ‘‘(i) a taxpayer which does not have a finan-cial statement described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) for a taxable year, or ‘‘(ii) any item of gross income in connection with a mortgage servicing contract. ‘‘(C) A
LL EVENTS TEST .—For purposes of this section, the all events test is met with respect to any item of gross income if all the events have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10277 December 20, 2017 
occurred which fix the right to receive such in-come and the amount of such income can be de-termined with reasonable accuracy. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION WITH SPECIAL METHODS OF  
ACCOUNTING .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to any item of gross income for which the taxpayer uses a special method of ac-counting provided under any other provision of this chapter, other than any provision of part V of subchapter P (except as provided in clause (ii) of paragraph (1)(B)). ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE FINANCIAL STATEMENT .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘applicable financial statement’ means— ‘‘(A) a financial statement which is certified as being prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and which is— ‘‘(i) a 10–K (or successor form), or annual statement to shareholders, required to be filed by the taxpayer with the United States Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, ‘‘(ii) an audited financial statement of the taxpayer which is used for— ‘‘(I) credit purposes, ‘‘(II) reporting to shareholders, partners, or other proprietors, or to beneficiaries, or ‘‘(III) any other substantial nontax purpose, but only if there is no statement of the taxpayer described in clause (i), or ‘‘(iii) filed by the taxpayer with any other Federal agency for purposes other than Federal tax purposes, but only if there is no statement of the taxpayer described in clause (i) or (ii), ‘‘(B) a financial statement which is made on the basis of international financial reporting standards and is filed by the taxpayer with an agency of a foreign government which is equiva-lent to the United States Securities and Ex-change Commission and which has reporting standards not less stringent than the standards required by such Commission, but only if there is no statement of the taxpayer described in sub-paragraph (A), or ‘‘(C) a financial statement filed by the tax-payer with any other regulatory or govern-mental body specified by the Secretary, but only if there is no statement of the taxpayer de-scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B). ‘‘(4) A
LLOCATION OF TRANSACTION PRICE .—For purposes of this subsection, in the case of a con-tract which contains multiple performance obli-gations, the allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation shall be equal to the amount allocated to each performance obli-gation for purposes of including such item in revenue in the applicable financial statement of the taxpayer. ‘‘(5) G
ROUP OF ENTITIES .—For purposes of paragraph (1), if the financial results of a tax-payer are reported on the applicable financial statement (as defined in paragraph (3)) for a group of entities, such statement shall be treated as the applicable financial statement of the tax-payer.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF ADVANCE PAYMENTS .—Sec- tion 451, as amended by subsection (a), is amended by redesignating subsections (c) through (j) as subsections (d) through (k), re-spectively, and by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF ADVANCE PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A taxpayer which computes taxable income under the accrual method of ac-counting, and receives any advance payment during the taxable year, shall— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), include such advance payment in gross income for such taxable year, or ‘‘(B) if the taxpayer elects the application of this subparagraph with respect to the category of advance payments to which such advance payment belongs, the taxpayer shall— ‘‘(i) to the extent that any portion of such ad-vance payment is required under subsection (b) to be included in gross income in the taxable year in which such payment is received, so in-clude such portion, and ‘‘(ii) include the remaining portion of such advance payment in gross income in the taxable year following the taxable year in which such payment is received. ‘‘(2) ELECTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this paragraph, the election under paragraph (1)(B) shall be made at such time, in such form and manner, and with respect to such categories of advance payments, as the Sec-retary may provide. ‘‘(B) P
ERIOD TO WHICH ELECTION APPLIES .—An election under paragraph (1)(B) shall be effec-tive for the taxable year with respect to which it is first made and for all subsequent taxable years, unless the taxpayer secures the consent of the Secretary to revoke such election. For purposes of this title, the computation of taxable income under an election made under paragraph (1)(B) shall be treated as a method of account-ing. ‘‘(3) T
AXPAYERS CEASING TO EXIST .—Except as otherwise provided by the Secretary, the election under paragraph (1)(B) shall not apply with re-spect to advance payments received by the tax-payer during a taxable year if such taxpayer ceases to exist during (or with the close of) such taxable year. ‘‘(4) A
DVANCE PAYMENT .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘advance pay-ment’ means any payment— ‘‘(i) the full inclusion of which in the gross in-come of the taxpayer for the taxable year of re-ceipt is a permissible method of accounting under this section (determined without regard to this subsection), ‘‘(ii) any portion of which is included in rev-enue by the taxpayer in a financial statement described in clause (i) or (ii) of subsection (b)(1)(A) for a subsequent taxable year, and ‘‘(iii) which is for goods, services, or such other items as may be identified by the Secretary for purposes of this clause. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—Except as otherwise pro-vided by the Secretary, such term shall not in-clude— ‘‘(i) rent, ‘‘(ii) insurance premiums governed by sub-chapter L, ‘‘(iii) payments with respect to financial in-struments, ‘‘(iv) payments with respect to warranty or guarantee contracts under which a third party is the primary obligor, ‘‘(v) payments subject to section 871(a), 881, 1441, or 1442, ‘‘(vi) payments in property to which section 83 applies, and ‘‘(vii) any other payment identified by the Secretary for purposes of this subparagraph. ‘‘(C) R
ECEIPT .—For purposes of this sub-section, an item of gross income is received by the taxpayer if it is actually or constructively received, or if it is due and payable to the tax-payer. ‘‘(D) A
LLOCATION OF TRANSACTION PRICE .— For purposes of this subsection, rules similar to subsection (b)(4) shall apply.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. (d) C
OORDINATION WITHSECTION 481.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any qualified change in method of accounting for the tax-payer’s first taxable year beginning after De-cember 31, 2017— (A) such change shall be treated as initiated by the taxpayer, and (B) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary of the Treasury. (2) Q
UALIFIED CHANGE IN METHOD OF AC -
COUNTING .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified change in method of account-ing’’ means any change in method of accounting which— (A) is required by the amendments made by this section, or (B) was prohibited under the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 prior to such amendments and is permitted under such Code after such amend-ments. (e) SPECIAL RULES FOR ORIGINAL ISSUE DIS-
COUNT .—Notwithstanding subsection (c), in the case of income from a debt instrument having original issue discount— (1) the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018, and (2) the period for taking into account any ad-justments under section 481 by reason of a qualified change in method of accounting (as defined in subsection (d)) shall be 6 years. PART IV—BUSINESS-RELATED EXCLUSIONS AND DEDUCTIONS 
SEC. 13301. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION FOR IN-TEREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 163(j) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(j) L
IMITATION ON BUSINESS INTEREST .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount allowed as a deduction under this chapter for any taxable year for business interest shall not exceed the sum of— ‘‘(A) the business interest income of such tax-payer for such taxable year, ‘‘(B) 30 percent of the adjusted taxable income of such taxpayer for such taxable year, plus ‘‘(C) the floor plan financing interest of such taxpayer for such taxable year. The amount determined under subparagraph (B) shall not be less than zero. ‘‘(2) C
ARRYFORWARD OF DISALLOWED BUSINESS  
INTEREST .—The amount of any business interest not allowed as a deduction for any taxable year by reason of paragraph (1) shall be treated as business interest paid or accrued in the suc-ceeding taxable year. ‘‘(3) E
XEMPTION FOR CERTAIN SMALL BUSI -
NESSES .—In the case of any taxpayer (other than a tax shelter prohibited from using the cash receipts and disbursements method of ac-counting under section 448(a)(3)) which meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for any taxable year, paragraph (1) shall not apply to such taxpayer for such taxable year. In the case of any taxpayer which is not a corporation or a partnership, the gross receipts test of section 448(c) shall be applied in the same manner as if such taxpayer were a corporation or partner-ship. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS , ETC.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any partner-ship— ‘‘(i) this subsection shall be applied at the partnership level and any deduction for busi-ness interest shall be taken into account in de-termining the non-separately stated taxable in-come or loss of the partnership, and ‘‘(ii) the adjusted taxable income of each part-ner of such partnership— ‘‘(I) shall be determined without regard to such partner’s distributive share of any items of income, gain, deduction, or loss of such partner-ship, and ‘‘(II) shall be increased by such partner’s dis-tributive share of such partnership’s excess tax-able income. For purposes of clause (ii)(II), a partner’s dis-tributive share of partnership excess taxable in-come shall be determined in the same manner as the partner’s distributive share of nonseparately stated taxable income or loss of the partnership. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CARRYFORWARDS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of any business interest not allowed as a deduction to a partner-ship for any taxable year by reason of para-graph (1) for any taxable year— ‘‘(I) shall not be treated under paragraph (2) as business interest paid or accrued by the part-nership in the succeeding taxable year, and ‘‘(II) shall, subject to clause (ii), be treated as excess business interest which is allocated to each partner in the same manner as the non- separately stated taxable income or loss of the partnership. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF EXCESS BUSINESS INTEREST  
ALLOCATED TO PARTNERS .—If a partner is allo-cated any excess business interest from a part-nership under clause (i) for any taxable year— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10278 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(I) such excess business interest shall be treated as business interest paid or accrued by the partner in the next succeeding taxable year in which the partner is allocated excess taxable income from such partnership, but only to the extent of such excess taxable income, and ‘‘(II) any portion of such excess business in-terest remaining after the application of sub-clause (I) shall, subject to the limitations of sub-clause (I), be treated as business interest paid or accrued in succeeding taxable years. For purposes of applying this paragraph, excess taxable income allocated to a partner from a partnership for any taxable year shall not be taken into account under paragraph (1)(A) with respect to any business interest other than ex-cess business interest from the partnership until all such excess business interest for such taxable year and all preceding taxable years has been treated as paid or accrued under clause (ii). ‘‘(iii) B
ASIS ADJUSTMENTS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The adjusted basis of a partner in a partnership interest shall be re-duced (but not below zero) by the amount of ex-cess business interest allocated to the partner under clause (i)(II). ‘‘(II) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DISPOSITIONS .—If a partner disposes of a partnership interest, the adjusted basis of the partner in the partnership interest shall be increased immediately before the disposition by the amount of the excess (if any) of the amount of the basis reduction under subclause (I) over the portion of any excess business interest allocated to the partner under clause (i)(II) which has previously been treated under clause (ii) as business interest paid or ac-crued by the partner. The preceding sentence shall also apply to transfers of the partnership interest (including by reason of death) in a transaction in which gain is not recognized in whole or in part. No deduction shall be allowed to the transferor or transferee under this chap-ter for any excess business interest resulting in a basis increase under this subclause. ‘‘(C) E
XCESS TAXABLE INCOME .—The term ‘ex-cess taxable income’ means, with respect to any partnership, the amount which bears the same ratio to the partnership’s adjusted taxable in-come as— ‘‘(i) the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(I) the amount determined for the partner-ship under paragraph (1)(B), over ‘‘(II) the amount (if any) by which the busi-ness interest of the partnership, reduced by the floor plan financing interest, exceeds the busi-ness interest income of the partnership, bears to ‘‘(ii) the amount determined for the partner-ship under paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(D) A
PPLICATION TO S CORPORATIONS .—Rules similar to the rules of subparagraphs (A) and (C) shall apply with respect to any S corpora-tion and its shareholders. ‘‘(5) B
USINESS INTEREST .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘business interest’ means any interest paid or accrued on indebtedness properly allocable to a trade or business. Such term shall not include investment interest (with-in the meaning of subsection (d)). ‘‘(6) B
USINESS INTEREST INCOME .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘business inter-est income’ means the amount of interest includ-ible in the gross income of the taxpayer for the taxable year which is properly allocable to a trade or business. Such term shall not include investment income (within the meaning of sub-section (d)). ‘‘(7) T
RADE OR BUSINESS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘trade or busi-ness’ shall not include— ‘‘(i) the trade or business of performing serv-ices as an employee, ‘‘(ii) any electing real property trade or busi-ness, ‘‘(iii) any electing farming business, or ‘‘(iv) the trade or business of the furnishing or sale of— ‘‘(I) electrical energy, water, or sewage dis-posal services, ‘‘(II) gas or steam through a local distribution system, or ‘‘(III) transportation of gas or steam by pipe-line, if the rates for such furnishing or sale, as the case may be, have been established or approved by a State or political subdivision thereof, by any agency or instrumentality of the United States, by a public service or public utility com-mission or other similar body of any State or po-litical subdivision thereof, or by the governing or ratemaking body of an electric cooperative. ‘‘(B) ELECTING REAL PROPERTY TRADE OR  
BUSINESS .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘electing real property trade or business’ means any trade or business which is described in section 469(c)(7)(C) and which makes an elec-tion under this subparagraph. Any such elec-tion shall be made at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe, and, once made, shall be irrevocable. ‘‘(C) E
LECTING FARMING BUSINESS .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘electing farm-ing business’ means— ‘‘(i) a farming business (as defined in section 263A(e)(4)) which makes an election under this subparagraph, or ‘‘(ii) any trade or business of a specified agri-cultural or horticultural cooperative (as defined in section 199A(g)(2)) with respect to which the cooperative makes an election under this sub-paragraph. Any such election shall be made at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall pre-scribe, and, once made, shall be irrevocable. ‘‘(8) A
DJUSTED TAXABLE INCOME .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘adjusted tax-able income’ means the taxable income of the taxpayer— ‘‘(A) computed without regard to— ‘‘(i) any item of income, gain, deduction, or loss which is not properly allocable to a trade or business, ‘‘(ii) any business interest or business interest income, ‘‘(iii) the amount of any net operating loss de-duction under section 172, ‘‘(iv) the amount of any deduction allowed under section 199A, and ‘‘(v) in the case of taxable years beginning be-fore January 1, 2022, any deduction allowable for depreciation, amortization, or depletion, and ‘‘(B) computed with such other adjustments as provided by the Secretary. ‘‘(9) F
LOOR PLAN FINANCING INTEREST DE -
FINED .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘floor plan fi-nancing interest’ means interest paid or accrued on floor plan financing indebtedness. ‘‘(B) F
LOOR PLAN FINANCING INDEBTEDNESS .— The term ‘floor plan financing indebtedness’ means indebtedness— ‘‘(i) used to finance the acquisition of motor vehicles held for sale or lease, and ‘‘(ii) secured by the inventory so acquired. ‘‘(C) M
OTOR VEHICLE .—The term ‘motor vehi-cle’ means a motor vehicle that is any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) Any self-propelled vehicle designed for transporting persons or property on a public street, highway, or road. ‘‘(ii) A boat. ‘‘(iii) Farm machinery or equipment. ‘‘(10) C
ROSS REFERENCES .— ‘‘(A) For requirement that an electing real property trade or business use the alternative depreciation system, see section 168(g)(1)(F). ‘‘(B) For requirement that an electing farming business use the alternative depreciation system, see section 168(g)(1)(G).’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CARRYFORWARD OF DIS-
ALLOWED BUSINESS INTEREST IN CERTAIN COR-
PORATE ACQUISITIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 381(c) is amended by inserting after paragraph (19) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(20) C
ARRYFORWARD OF DISALLOWED BUSI -
NESS INTEREST .—The carryover of disallowed business interest described in section 163(j)(2) to taxable years ending after the date of distribu-tion or transfer.’’. (2) APPLICATION OF LIMITATION .—Section 382(d) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION TO CARRYFORWARD OF DIS -
ALLOWED INTEREST .—The term ‘pre-change loss’ shall include any carryover of disallowed inter-est described in section 163(j)(2) under rules similar to the rules of paragraph (1).’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 382(k)(1) is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘Such term shall include any corporation entitled to use a carryforward of disallowed interest described in section 381(c)(20).’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13302. MODIFICATION OF NET OPERATING LOSS DEDUCTION. 
(a) L IMITATION ON DEDUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 172(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) D
EDUCTION ALLOWED .—There shall be al-lowed as a deduction for the taxable year an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(1) the aggregate of the net operating loss carryovers to such year, plus the net operating loss carrybacks to such year, or ‘‘(2) 80 percent of taxable income computed without regard to the deduction allowable under this section. For purposes of this subtitle, the term ‘net oper-ating loss deduction’ means the deduction al-lowed by this subsection.’’. (2) C
OORDINATION OF LIMITATION WITH  
CARRYBACKS AND CARRYOVERS .—Section 172(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘shall be com-puted—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘shall— ‘‘(A) be computed with the modifications spec-ified in subsection (d) other than paragraphs (1), (4), and (5) thereof, and by determining the amount of the net operating loss deduction without regard to the net operating loss for the loss year or for any taxable year thereafter, ‘‘(B) not be considered to be less than zero, and ‘‘(C) not exceed the amount determined under subsection (a)(2) for such prior taxable year.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 172(d)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) subsection (a)(2) shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘real estate investment trust taxable in-come (as defined in section 857(b)(2) but without regard to the deduction for dividends paid (as defined in section 561))’ for ‘taxable income’.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF NET OPERATING LOSS C
ARRYBACK ; INDEFINITE CARRYFORWARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 172(b)(1)(A) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘shall be a net operating loss carryback to each of the 2 taxable years’’ in clause (i) and inserting ‘‘except as otherwise provided in this paragraph, shall not be a net operating loss carryback to any taxable year’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘to each of the 20 taxable years’’ in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘to each tax-able year’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 172(b)(1) is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) through (F). (c) T
REATMENT OF FARMING LOSSES .— (1) A
LLOWANCE OF CARRYBACKS .—Section 172(b)(1), as amended by subsection (b)(2), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) F
ARMING LOSSES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any portion of a net operating loss for the taxable year which is a farming loss with respect to the tax-payer, such loss shall be a net operating loss 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10279 December 20, 2017 
carryback to each of the 2 taxable years pre-ceding the taxable year of such loss. ‘‘(ii) F
ARMING LOSS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘farming loss’ means the lesser of— ‘‘(I) the amount which would be the net oper-ating loss for the taxable year if only income and deductions attributable to farming busi-nesses (as defined in section 263A(e)(4)) are taken into account, or ‘‘(II) the amount of the net operating loss for such taxable year. ‘‘(iii) C
OORDINATION WITH PARAGRAPH (2) .— For purposes of applying paragraph (2), a farm-ing loss for any taxable year shall be treated as a separate net operating loss for such taxable year to be taken into account after the remain-ing portion of the net operating loss for such taxable year. ‘‘(iv) E
LECTION .—Any taxpayer entitled to a 2- year carryback under clause (i) from any loss year may elect not to have such clause apply to such loss year. Such election shall be made in such manner as prescribed by the Secretary and shall be made by the due date (including exten-sions of time) for filing the taxpayer’s return for the taxable year of the net operating loss. Such election, once made for any taxable year, shall be irrevocable for such taxable year.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 172 is amended by striking sub-sections (f), (g), and (h), and by redesignating subsection (i) as subsection (f). (B) Section 537(b)(4) is amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect before the date of enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act)’’ after ‘‘as defined in section 172(f)’’. (d) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN INSURANCE  L
OSSES .— (1) T
REATMENT OF CARRYFORWARDS AND  
CARRYBACKS .—Section 172(b)(1), as amended by subsections (b)(2) and (c)(1), is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) I
NSURANCE COMPANIES .—In the case of an insurance company (as defined in section 816(a)) other than a life insurance company, the net operating loss for any taxable year— ‘‘(i) shall be a net operating loss carryback to each of the 2 taxable years preceding the tax-able year of such loss, and ‘‘(ii) shall be a net operating loss carryover to each of the 20 taxable years following the tax-able year of the loss.’’. (2) E
XEMPTION FROM LIMITATION .—Section 172, as amended by subsection (c)(2)(A), is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g) and inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR INSURANCE COMPA -
NIES.—In the case of an insurance company (as defined in section 816(a)) other than a life in-surance company— ‘‘(1) the amount of the deduction allowed under subsection (a) shall be the aggregate of the net operating loss carryovers to such year, plus the net operating loss carrybacks to such year, and ‘‘(2) subparagraph (C) of subsection (b)(2) shall not apply.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) N
ET OPERATING LOSS LIMITATION .—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (d)(2) shall apply to losses arising in taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. (2) C
ARRYFORWARDS AND CARRYBACKS .—The amendments made by subsections (b), (c), and (d)(1) shall apply to net operating losses arising in taxable years ending after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13303. LIKE-KIND EXCHANGES OF REAL PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1031(a)(1) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘property’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘real property’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1)(A) Paragraph (2) of section 1031(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR REAL PROPERTY HELD FOR  
SALE.—This subsection shall not apply to any exchange of real property held primarily for sale.’’. (B) Section 1031 is amended by striking sub-section (i). (2) Section 1031 is amended by striking sub-section (e). (3) Section 1031, as amended by paragraph (2), is amended by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) APPLICATION TO CERTAIN PARTNER -
SHIPS .—For purposes of this section, an interest in a partnership which has in effect a valid election under section 761(a) to be excluded from the application of all of subchapter K shall be treated as an interest in each of the assets of such partnership and not as an interest in a partnership.’’. (4) Section 1031(h) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR FOREIGN REALPROP-
ERTY.—Real property located in the United States and real property located outside the United States are not property of a like kind.’’. (5) The heading of section 1031 is amended by striking ‘‘
PROPERTY ’’ and inserting ‘‘ REAL PROP -
ERTY’’. (6) The table of sections for part III of sub-chapter O of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 1031 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 1031. Exchange of real property held for productive use or investment.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to exchanges completed after December 31, 2017. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—The amendments made by this section shall not apply to any exchange if— (A) the property disposed of by the taxpayer in the exchange is disposed of on or before De-cember 31 2017, or (B) the property received by the taxpayer in the exchange is received on or before December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13304. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION BY EM-PLOYERS OF EXPENSES FOR FRINGE BENEFITS. 
(a) N ODEDUCTION ALLOWED FOR ENTERTAIN -
MENT EXPENSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 274(a) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘unless’’ and all that follows through ‘‘trade or busi-ness,’’, (B) by striking the flush sentence at the end of paragraph (1), and (C) by striking paragraph (2)(C). (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 274(d) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-nating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively, and (ii) in the flush text following paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (I) by striking ‘‘, entertainment, amusement, recreation, or use of the facility or property,’’ in item (B), and (II) by striking ‘‘(D) the business relationship to the taxpayer of persons entertained, using the facility or property, or receiving the gift’’ and inserting ‘‘(D) the business relationship to the taxpayer of the person receiving the ben-efit’’, (B) Section 274 is amended by striking sub-section (l). (C) Section 274(n) is amended by striking ‘‘
ANDENTERTAINMENT ’’ in the heading. (D) Section 274(n)(1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount allowable as a deduction under this chapter for any expense for food or beverages shall not exceed 50 percent of the amount of such expense which would (but for this paragraph) be allowable as a deduction under this chapter.’’. (E) Section 274(n)(2) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘in the case of an expense for food or beverages,’’, (ii) by striking subparagraph (C) and redesig-nating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subpara-graphs (C) and (D), respectively, (iii) by striking ‘‘of subparagraph (E)’’ the last sentence and inserting ‘‘of subparagraph (D)’’, and (iv) by striking ‘‘in subparagraph (D)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘in subparagraph (C)’’. (F) Clause (iv) of section 7701(b)(5)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(iv) a professional athlete who is temporarily in the United States to compete in a sports event— ‘‘(I) which is organized for the primary pur-pose of benefiting an organization which is de-scribed in section 501(c)(3) and exempt from tax under section 501(a), ‘‘(II) all of the net proceeds of which are con-tributed to such organization, and, ‘‘(III) which utilizes volunteers for substan-tially all of the work performed in carrying out such event.’’. (b) ONLY50 P ERCENT OF EXPENSES FOR MEALS P
ROVIDED ON OR NEARBUSINESS PREMISES AL-
LOWED AS DEDUCTION .—Paragraph (2) of section 274(n), as amended by subsection (a), is amend-ed— (1) by striking subparagraph (B), (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively, (3) by striking ‘‘of subparagraph (D)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘of subparagraph (C)’’, and (4) by striking ‘‘in subparagraph (C)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘in subparagraph (B)’’. (c) T
REATMENT OF TRANSPORTATION BENE-
FITS.—Section 274, as amended by subsection (a), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
ORRECRE-
ATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘R ECREATION , ORQUALI-
FIED TRANSPORTATION FRINGES ’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED TRANSPORTATION FRINGES .— No deduction shall be allowed under this chap-ter for the expense of any qualified transpor-tation fringe (as defined in section 132(f)) pro-vided to an employee of the taxpayer.’’, and (2) by inserting after subsection (k) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(l) T
RANSPORTATION AND COMMUTING BENE-
FITS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No deduction shall be al-lowed under this chapter for any expense in-curred for providing any transportation, or any payment or reimbursement, to an employee of the taxpayer in connection with travel between the employee’s residence and place of employ-ment, except as necessary for ensuring the safe-ty of the employee. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—In the case of any qualified bicycle commuting reimbursement (as described in section 132(f)(5)(F)), this subsection shall not apply for any amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (d) E
LIMINATION OF DEDUCTION FOR MEALS P
ROVIDED AT CONVENIENCE OF EMPLOYER .—Sec- tion 274, as amended by subsection (c), is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (o) as sub-section (p), and (2) by inserting after subsection (n) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(o) M
EALS PROVIDED AT CONVENIENCE OF  E
MPLOYER .—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for— ‘‘(1) any expense for the operation of a facil-ity described in section 132(e)(2), and any ex-pense for food or beverages, including under section 132(e)(1), associated with such facility, or ‘‘(2) any expense for meals described in sec-tion 119(a).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10280 December 20, 2017 
(e) E FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts incurred or paid after December 31, 2017. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE FOR ELIMINATION OF DE -
DUCTION FOR MEALS PROVIDED AT CONVENIENCE  
OF EMPLOYER .—The amendments made by sub-section (d) shall apply to amounts incurred or paid after December 31, 2025. 
SEC. 13305. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO DOMESTIC PRO-DUCTION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 199 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections for such part). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Sections 74(d)(2)(B), 86(b)(2)(A), 135(c)(4)(A), 137(b)(3)(A), 219(g)(3)(A)(ii), 221(b)(2)(C), 222(b)(2)(C), 246(b)(1), and 469(i)(3)(F)(iii) are each amended by striking ‘‘199,’’. (2) Section 170(b)(2)(D), as amended by sub-title A, is amended by striking clause (iv), and by redesignating clauses (v) and (vi) as clauses (iv) and (v). (3) Section 172(d) is amended by striking para-graph (7). (4) Section 613(a), as amended by section 11011, is amended by striking ‘‘and without the deduction under section 199’’. (5) Section 613A(d)(1), as amended by section 11011, is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), (E), and (F) as subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E), respectively. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13306. DENIAL OF DEDUCTION FOR CERTAIN FINES, PENALTIES, AND OTHER AMOUNTS. 
(a) D ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (f) of section 162 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) F
INES, P ENALTIES , AND OTHER A
MOUNTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in the following paragraphs of this subsection, no de-duction otherwise allowable shall be allowed under this chapter for any amount paid or in-curred (whether by suit, agreement, or other-wise) to, or at the direction of, a government or governmental entity in relation to the violation of any law or the investigation or inquiry by such government or entity into the potential vio-lation of any law. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR AMOUNTS CONSTITUTING  
RESTITUTION OR PAID TO COME INTO COMPLIANCE  
WITH LAW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any amount that— ‘‘(i) the taxpayer establishes— ‘‘(I) constitutes restitution (including remedi-ation of property) for damage or harm which was or may be caused by the violation of any law or the potential violation of any law, or ‘‘(II) is paid to come into compliance with any law which was violated or otherwise involved in the investigation or inquiry described in para-graph (1), ‘‘(ii) is identified as restitution or as an amount paid to come into compliance with such law, as the case may be, in the court order or settlement agreement, and ‘‘(iii) in the case of any amount of restitution for failure to pay any tax imposed under this title in the same manner as if such amount were such tax, would have been allowed as a deduc-tion under this chapter if it had been timely paid. The identification under clause (ii) alone shall not be sufficient to make the establishment re-quired under clause (i). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any amount paid or incurred as re-imbursement to the government or entity for the costs of any investigation or litigation. ‘‘(3) EXCEPTION FOR AMOUNTS PAID OR IN -
CURRED AS THE RESULT OF CERTAIN COURT OR -
DERS.—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any amount paid or incurred by reason of any order of a court in a suit in which no government or governmental entity is a party. ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTION FOR TAXES DUE .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any amount paid or in-curred as taxes due. ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN NONGOVERN -
MENTAL REGULATORY ENTITIES .—For purposes of this subsection, the following nongovernmental entities shall be treated as governmental enti-ties: ‘‘(A) Any nongovernmental entity which exer-cises self-regulatory powers (including imposing sanctions) in connection with a qualified board or exchange (as defined in section 1256(g)(7)). ‘‘(B) To the extent provided in regulations, any nongovernmental entity which exercises self-regulatory powers (including imposing sanc-tions) as part of performing an essential govern-mental function.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to amounts paid or incurred on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, except that such amendments shall not apply to amounts paid or incurred under any binding order or agreement entered into before such date. Such exception shall not apply to an order or agreement requiring court approval unless the approval was obtained be-fore such date. (b) R
EPORTING OF DEDUCTIBLE AMOUNTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subpart B of part III of sub-chapter A of chapter 61 is amended by inserting after section 6050W the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6050X. INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN FINES, PENALTIES, AND OTHER AMOUNTS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT OF REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The appropriate official of any government or any entity described in sec-tion 162(f)(5) which is involved in a suit or agreement described in paragraph (2) shall make a return in such form as determined by the Sec-retary setting forth— ‘‘(A) the amount required to be paid as a re-sult of the suit or agreement to which para-graph (1) of section 162(f) applies, ‘‘(B) any amount required to be paid as a re-sult of the suit or agreement which constitutes restitution or remediation of property, and ‘‘(C) any amount required to be paid as a re-sult of the suit or agreement for the purpose of coming into compliance with any law which was violated or involved in the investigation or in-quiry. ‘‘(2) S
UIT OR AGREEMENT DESCRIBED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A suit or agreement is de-scribed in this paragraph if— ‘‘(i) it is— ‘‘(I) a suit with respect to a violation of any law over which the government or entity has authority and with respect to which there has been a court order, or ‘‘(II) an agreement which is entered into with respect to a violation of any law over which the government or entity has authority, or with re-spect to an investigation or inquiry by the gov-ernment or entity into the potential violation of any law over which such government or entity has authority, and ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount involved in all court orders and agreements with respect to the violation, investigation, or inquiry is $600 or more. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT OF REPORTING THRESH -
OLD.—The Secretary shall adjust the $600 amount in subparagraph (A)(ii) as necessary in order to ensure the efficient administration of the internal revenue laws. ‘‘(3) T
IME OF FILING .—The return required under this subsection shall be filed at the time the agreement is entered into, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) S
TATEMENTS TO BEFURNISHED TO INDI-
VIDUALS INVOLVED IN THE SETTLEMENT .—Every person required to make a return under sub-section (a) shall furnish to each person who is a party to the suit or agreement a written state-ment showing— ‘‘(1) the name of the government or entity, and ‘‘(2) the information supplied to the Secretary under subsection (a)(1). The written statement required under the pre-ceding sentence shall be furnished to the person at the same time the government or entity pro-vides the Secretary with the information re-quired under subsection (a). ‘‘(c) APPROPRIATE OFFICIAL DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘appropriate official’ means the officer or employee having control of the suit, investigation, or inquiry or the person appropriately designated for pur-poses of this section.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart B of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6050W the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 6050X. Information with respect to cer-tain fines, penalties, and other amounts.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to amounts paid or incurred on or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, except that such amendments shall not apply to amounts paid or incurred under any binding order or agreement entered into before such date. Such exception shall not apply to an order or agreement requiring court approval unless the approval was obtained be-fore such date. 
SEC. 13307. DENIAL OF DEDUCTION FOR SETTLE-MENTS SUBJECT TO NONDISCLO-SURE AGREEMENTS PAID IN CON-NECTION WITH SEXUAL HARASS-MENT OR SEXUAL ABUSE. 
(a) D ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .—Section 162 is amended by redesignating subsection (q) as sub-section (r) and by inserting after subsection (p) the following new subsection: ‘‘(q) P
AYMENTS RELATED TO SEXUAL HARASS -
MENT AND SEXUAL ABUSE.—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for— ‘‘(1) any settlement or payment related to sex-ual harassment or sexual abuse if such settle-ment or payment is subject to a nondisclosure agreement, or ‘‘(2) attorney’s fees related to such a settle-ment or payment.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 13308. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR LOCAL LOBBYING EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 162(e) is amended by striking paragraphs (2) and (7) and by redesig-nating paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (6), and (8) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), (5), and (6), respec-tively. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 6033(e)(1)(B)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘section 162(e)(5)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 162(e)(4)(B)(ii)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 13309. RECHARACTERIZATION OF CERTAIN GAINS IN THE CASE OF PARTNER-SHIP PROFITS INTERESTS HELD IN CONNECTION WITH PERFORMANCE OF INVESTMENT SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IV of subchapter O of chapter 1 is amended— (1) by redesignating section 1061 as section 1062, and (2) by inserting after section 1060 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1061. PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS HELD IN CONNECTION WITH PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If one or more applicable partnership interests are held by a taxpayer at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10281 December 20, 2017 
any time during the taxable year, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(1) the taxpayer’s net long-term capital gain with respect to such interests for such taxable year, over ‘‘(2) the taxpayer’s net long-term capital gain with respect to such interests for such taxable year computed by applying paragraphs (3) and (4) of sections 1222 by substituting ‘3 years’ for ‘1 year’, shall be treated as short-term capital gain, not-withstanding section 83 or any election in effect under section 83(b). ‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—To the extent provided by the Secretary, subsection (a) shall not apply to income or gain attributable to any asset not held for portfolio investment on behalf of third party investors. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABLE PARTNERSHIP INTEREST .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in this paragraph or paragraph (4), the term ‘applica-ble partnership interest’ means any interest in a partnership which, directly or indirectly, is transferred to (or is held by) the taxpayer in connection with the performance of substantial services by the taxpayer, or any other related person, in any applicable trade or business. The previous sentence shall not apply to an interest held by a person who is employed by another entity that is conducting a trade or business (other than an applicable trade or business) and only provides services to such other entity. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE TRADE OR BUSINESS .—The term ‘applicable trade or business’ means any activity conducted on a regular, continuous, and substantial basis which, regardless of whether the activity is conducted in one or more entities, consists, in whole or in part, of— ‘‘(A) raising or returning capital, and ‘‘(B) either— ‘‘(i) investing in (or disposing of) specified as-sets (or identifying specified assets for such in-vesting or disposition), or ‘‘(ii) developing specified assets. ‘‘(3) S
PECIFIED ASSET .—The term ‘specified asset’ means securities (as defined in section 475(c)(2) without regard to the last sentence thereof), commodities (as defined in section 475(e)(2)), real estate held for rental or invest-ment, cash or cash equivalents, options or deriv-ative contracts with respect to any of the fore-going, and an interest in a partnership to the extent of the partnership’s proportionate inter-est in any of the foregoing. ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTIONS .—The term ‘applicable part-nership interest’ shall not include— ‘‘(A) any interest in a partnership directly or indirectly held by a corporation, or ‘‘(B) any capital interest in the partnership which provides the taxpayer with a right to share in partnership capital commensurate with— ‘‘(i) the amount of capital contributed (deter-mined at the time of receipt of such partnership interest), or ‘‘(ii) the value of such interest subject to tax under section 83 upon the receipt or vesting of such interest. ‘‘(5) T
HIRD PARTY INVESTOR .—The term ‘third party investor’ means a person who— ‘‘(A) holds an interest in the partnership which does not constitute property held in con-nection with an applicable trade or business; and ‘‘(B) is not (and has not been) actively en-gaged, and is (and was) not related to a person so engaged, in (directly or indirectly) providing substantial services described in paragraph (1) for such partnership or any applicable trade or business. ‘‘(d) T
RANSFER OF APPLICABLE PARTNERSHIP  I
NTEREST TO RELATED PERSON .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a taxpayer transfers any applicable partnership interest, directly or indi-rectly, to a person related to the taxpayer, the taxpayer shall include in gross income (as short term capital gain) the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) so much of the taxpayer’s long-term cap-ital gains with respect to such interest for such taxable year attributable to the sale or exchange of any asset held for not more than 3 years as is allocable to such interest, over ‘‘(B) any amount treated as short term capital gain under subsection (a) with respect to the transfer of such interest. ‘‘(2) RELATED PERSON .—For purposes of this paragraph, a person is related to the taxpayer if— ‘‘(A) the person is a member of the taxpayer’s family within the meaning of section 318(a)(1), or ‘‘(B) the person performed a service within the current calendar year or the preceding three calendar years in any applicable trade or busi-ness in which or for which the taxpayer per-formed a service. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary shall require such reporting (at the time and in the manner prescribed by the Secretary) as is necessary to carry out the purposes of this section. ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as is nec-essary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for part IV of subchapter O of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to 1061 and inserting the following new items: ‘‘Sec. 1061. Partnership interests held in con-nection with performance of serv-ices. ‘‘Sec. 1062. Cross references.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13310. PROHIBITION ON CASH, GIFT CARDS, AND OTHER NON-TANGIBLE PER-SONAL PROPERTY AS EMPLOYEE ACHIEVEMENT AWARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (A) of section 274(j)(3) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’. (2) by redesignating clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) as subclauses (I), (II), and (III), respectively, and conforming the margins accordingly, and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) T
ANGIBLE PERSONAL PROPERTY .—For purposes of clause (i), the term ‘tangible per-sonal property’ shall not include— ‘‘(I) cash, cash equivalents, gift cards, gift coupons, or gift certificates (other than arrange-ments conferring only the right to select and re-ceive tangible personal property from a limited array of such items pre-selected or pre-approved by the employer), or ‘‘(II) vacations, meals, lodging, tickets to the-ater or sporting events, stocks, bonds, other se-curities, and other similar items.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13311. ELIMINATION OF DEDUCTION FOR LIVING EXPENSES INCURRED BY MEMBERS OF CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 162 is amended in the matter following paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘in excess of $3,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 13312. CERTAIN CONTRIBUTIONS BY GOV-ERNMENTAL ENTITIES NOT TREAT-ED AS CONTRIBUTIONS TO CAPITAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 118 is amended— (1) by striking subsections (b), (c), and (d), (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d), and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—For purposes of subsection (a), the term ‘contribution to the capital of the taxpayer’ does not include— ‘‘(1) any contribution in aid of construction or any other contribution as a customer or poten-tial customer, and ‘‘(2) any contribution by any governmental entity or civic group (other than a contribution made by a shareholder as such). ‘‘(c) REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out this sec-tion, including regulations or other guidance for determining whether any contribution con-stitutes a contribution in aid of construction.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to contributions made after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) E
XCEPTION .—The amendments made by this section shall not apply to any contribution, made after the date of enactment of this Act by a governmental entity, which is made pursuant to a master development plan that has been ap-proved prior to such date by a governmental en-tity. 
SEC. 13313. REPEAL OF ROLLOVER OF PUBLICLY TRADED SECURITIES GAIN INTO SPECIALIZED SMALL BUSINESS IN-VESTMENT COMPANIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part III of subchapter O of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 1044 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections of such part). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1016(a)(23) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘1044,’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘1044(d),’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to sales after Decem-ber 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13314. CERTAIN SELF-CREATED PROPERTY NOT TREATED AS A CAPITAL ASSET. 
(a) P ATENTS , ETC.—Section 1221(a)(3) is amended by inserting ‘‘a patent, invention, model or design (whether or not patented), a se-cret formula or process,’’ before ‘‘a copyright’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1231(b)(1)(C) is amended by inserting ‘‘a patent, invention, model or design (whether or not pat-ented), a secret formula or process,’’ before ‘‘a copyright’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to dispositions after December 31, 2017. PART V—BUSINESS CREDITS 
SEC. 13401. MODIFICATION OF ORPHAN DRUG CREDIT. 
(a) C REDIT RATE.—Subsection (a) of section 45C is amended by striking ‘‘50 percent’’ and in-serting ‘‘25 percent’’. (b) E
LECTION OF REDUCED CREDIT .—Sub- section (b) of section 280C is amended by redes-ignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4) and by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) E
LECTION OF REDUCED CREDIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any taxable year for which an election is made under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply, and ‘‘(ii) the amount of the credit under section 45C(a) shall be the amount determined under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT OF REDUCED CREDIT .—The amount of credit determined under this subpara-graph for any taxable year shall be the amount equal to the excess of— ‘‘(i) the amount of credit determined under section 45C(a) without regard to this paragraph, over ‘‘(ii) the product of— ‘‘(I) the amount described in clause (i), and ‘‘(II) the maximum rate of tax under section 11(b). ‘‘(C) E
LECTION .—An election under this para-graph for any taxable year shall be made not later than the time for filing the return of tax 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10282 December 20, 2017 
for such year (including extensions), shall be made on such return, and shall be made in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe. Such an election, once made, shall be irrevocable.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13402. REHABILITATION CREDIT LIMITED TO CERTIFIED HISTORIC STRUCTURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 47 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL RULE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 46, for any taxable year during the 5-year period beginning in the taxable year in which a quali-fied rehabilitated building is placed in service, the rehabilitation credit for such year is an amount equal to the ratable share for such year. ‘‘(2) R
ATABLE SHARE .—For purposes of para-graph (1), the ratable share for any taxable year during the period described in such paragraph is the amount equal to 20 percent of the quali-fied rehabilitation expenditures with respect to the qualified rehabilitated building, as allocated ratably to each year during such period.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 47(c) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by amending clause (iii) to read as follows: ‘‘(iii) such building is a certified historic structure, and’’, (ii) by striking subparagraph (B), and (iii) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively, and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by amending clause (iv) to read as follows: ‘‘(iv) C
ERTIFIED HISTORIC STRUCTURE .—Any expenditure attributable to the rehabilitation of a qualified rehabilitated building unless the re-habilitation is a certified rehabilitation (within the meaning of subparagraph (C)).’’. (2) Paragraph (4) of section 145(d) is amend-ed— (A) by striking ‘‘of section 47(c)(1)(C)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘of section 47(c)(1)(B)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘section 47(c)(1)(C)(i)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 47(c)(1)(B)(i)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2017. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—In the case of qualified rehabilitation expenditures with respect to any building— (A) owned or leased by the taxpayer during the entirety of the period after December 31, 2017, and (B) with respect to which the 24-month period selected by the taxpayer under clause (i) of sec-tion 47(c)(1)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code (as amended by subsection (b)), or the 60-month period applicable under clause (ii) of such sec-tion, begins not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the amendments made by this section shall apply to such expenditures paid or incurred after the end of the taxable year in which the 24-month period, or the 60-month period, re-ferred to in subparagraph (B) ends. 
SEC. 13403. EMPLOYER CREDIT FOR PAID FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) A
LLOWANCE OF CREDIT .—Subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 45S. EMPLOYER CREDIT FOR PAID FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF CREDIT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 38, in the case of an eligible employer, the paid fam-ily and medical leave credit is an amount equal to the applicable percentage of the amount of wages paid to qualifying employees during any period in which such employees are on family and medical leave. ‘‘(2) APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘applicable percent-age’ means 12.5 percent increased (but not above 25 percent) by 0.25 percentage points for each percentage point by which the rate of payment (as described under subsection (c)(1)(B)) exceeds 50 percent. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The credit allowed under subsection (a) with respect to any employee for any taxable year shall not exceed an amount equal to the product of the normal hourly wage rate of such employee for each hour (or fraction thereof) of actual services performed for the em-ployer and the number of hours (or fraction thereof) for which family and medical leave is taken. ‘‘(2) N
ON-HOURLY WAGE RATE .—For purposes of paragraph (1), in the case of any employee who is not paid on an hourly wage rate, the wages of such employee shall be prorated to an hourly wage rate under regulations established by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF LEAVE SUBJECT TO  
CREDIT .—The amount of family and medical leave that may be taken into account with re-spect to any employee under subsection (a) for any taxable year shall not exceed 12 weeks. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYER .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible employer’ means any employer who has in place a written policy that meets the following requirements: ‘‘(A) The policy provides— ‘‘(i) in the case of a qualifying employee who is not a part-time employee (as defined in sec-tion 4980E(d)(4)(B)), not less than 2 weeks of annual paid family and medical leave, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a qualifying employee who is a part-time employee, an amount of annual paid family and medical leave that is not less than an amount which bears the same ratio to the amount of annual paid family and medical leave that is provided to a qualifying employee described in clause (i) as— ‘‘(I) the number of hours the employee is ex-pected to work during any week, bears to ‘‘(II) the number of hours an equivalent quali-fying employee described in clause (i) is ex-pected to work during the week. ‘‘(B) The policy requires that the rate of pay-ment under the program is not less than 50 per-cent of the wages normally paid to such em-ployee for services performed for the employer. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN EMPLOYERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An added employer shall not be treated as an eligible employer unless such employer provides paid family and medical leave in compliance with a written policy which ensures that the employer— ‘‘(i) will not interfere with, restrain, or deny the exercise of or the attempt to exercise, any right provided under the policy, and ‘‘(ii) will not discharge or in any other man-ner discriminate against any individual for op-posing any practice prohibited by the policy. ‘‘(B) A
DDED EMPLOYER ; ADDED EMPLOYEE .— For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) A
DDED EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘added em-ployee’ means a qualifying employee who is not covered by title I of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, as amended. ‘‘(ii) A
DDED EMPLOYER .—The term ‘added em-ployer’ means an eligible employer (determined without regard to this paragraph), whether or not covered by that title I, who offers paid fam-ily and medical leave to added employees. ‘‘(3) A
GGREGATION RULE .—All persons which are treated as a single employer under sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 52 shall be treated as a single taxpayer. ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF BENEFITS MANDATED OR  
PAID FOR BY STATE OR LOCAL GOVERNMENTS .— For purposes of this section, any leave which is paid by a State or local government or required by State or local law shall not be taken into ac-count in determining the amount of paid family and medical leave provided by the employer. ‘‘(5) NO INFERENCE .—Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed as subjecting an em-ployer to any penalty, liability, or other con-sequence (other than ineligibility for the credit allowed by reason of subsection (a) or recap-turing the benefit of such credit) for failure to comply with the requirements of this subsection. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFYING EMPLOYEES .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘qualifying employee’ means any employee (as defined in section 3(e) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended) who— ‘‘(1) has been employed by the employer for 1 year or more, and ‘‘(2) for the preceding year, had compensation not in excess of an amount equal to 60 percent of the amount applicable for such year under clause (i) of section 414(q)(1)(B). ‘‘(e) F
AMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), for purposes of this section, the term ‘family and medical leave’ means leave for any 1 or more of the purposes described under sub-paragraph (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E) of para-graph (1), or paragraph (3), of section 102(a) of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, as amended, whether the leave is provided under that Act or by a policy of the employer. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION .—If an employer provides paid leave as vacation leave, personal leave, or medical or sick leave (other than leave specifi-cally for 1 or more of the purposes referred to in paragraph (1)), that paid leave shall not be con-sidered to be family and medical leave under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘vacation leave’, ‘personal leave’, and ‘medical or sick leave’ mean those 3 types of leave, within the meaning of section 102(d)(2) of that Act. ‘‘(f) D
ETERMINATIONS MADE BY SECRETARY OF  T
REASURY .—For purposes of this section, any determination as to whether an employer or an employee satisfies the applicable requirements for an eligible employer (as described in sub-section (c)) or qualifying employee (as described in subsection (d)), respectively, shall be made by the Secretary based on such information, to be provided by the employer, as the Secretary de-termines to be necessary or appropriate. ‘‘(g) W
AGES.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘wages’ has the meaning given such term by subsection (b) of section 3306 (determined without regard to any dollar limitation con-tained in such section). Such term shall not in-clude any amount taken into account for pur-poses of determining any other credit allowed under this subpart. ‘‘(h) E
LECTION TO HAVECREDIT NOTAPPLY.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A taxpayer may elect to have this section not apply for any taxable year. ‘‘(2) O
THER RULES .—Rules similar to the rules of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 51(j) shall apply for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(i) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall not apply to wages paid in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2019.’’. (b) C
REDIT PART OF GENERAL BUSINESS CRED-
IT.—Section 38(b) is amended by striking ‘‘plus’’ at the end of paragraph (35), by striking the pe-riod at the end of paragraph (36) and inserting ‘‘, plus’’, and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(37) in the case of an eligible employer (as defined in section 45S(c)), the paid family and medical leave credit determined under section 45S(a).’’. (c) C
REDIT ALLOWED AGAINST AMT.—Sub- paragraph (B) of section 38(c)(4) is amended by redesignating clauses (ix) through (xi) as clauses (x) through (xii), respectively, and by inserting after clause (viii) the following new clause: ‘‘(ix) the credit determined under section 45S,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10283 December 20, 2017 
(d) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) D
ENIAL OF DOUBLE BENEFIT .—Section 280C(a) is amended by inserting ‘‘45S(a),’’ after ‘‘45P(a),’’. (2) E
LECTION TO HAVE CREDIT NOT APPLY .— Section 6501(m) is amended by inserting ‘‘45S(h),’’ after ‘‘45H(g),’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 45S. Employer credit for paid family and medical leave.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to wages paid in tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13404. REPEAL OF TAX CREDIT BONDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by striking subparts H, I, and J (and by striking the items relating to such subparts in the table of subparts for such part). (b) P
AYMENTS TO ISSUERS .—Subchapter B of chapter 65 is amended by striking section 6431 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections for such sub-chapter). (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Part IV of subchapter U of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 1397E (and by strik-ing the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (2) Section 54(l)(3)(B) is amended by inserting ‘‘(as in effect before its repeal by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act)’’ after ‘‘section 1397E(I)’’. (3) Section 6211(b)(4)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, and 6431’’ and inserting ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘36B’’. (4) Section 6401(b)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘G, H, I, and J’’ and inserting ‘‘and G’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to bonds issued after December 31, 2017. PART VI—PROVISIONS RELATED TO SPECIFIC ENTITIES AND INDUSTRIES Subpart A—Partnership Provisions 
SEC. 13501. TREATMENT OF GAIN OR LOSS OF FOREIGN PERSONS FROM SALE OR EXCHANGE OF INTERESTS IN PART-NERSHIPS ENGAGED IN TRADE OR BUSINESS WITHIN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A MOUNT TREATED AS EFFECTIVELY CON-
NECTED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 864(c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) G
AIN OR LOSS OF FOREIGN PERSONS FROM  
SALE OR EXCHANGE OF CERTAIN PARTNERSHIP IN -
TERESTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this subtitle, if a nonresident alien individual or foreign corporation owns, directly or indirectly, an interest in a partnership which is engaged in any trade or business within the United States, gain or loss on the sale or ex-change of all (or any portion of) such interest shall be treated as effectively connected with the conduct of such trade or business to the ex-tent such gain or loss does not exceed the amount determined under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT TREATED AS EFFECTIVELY CON -
NECTED .—The amount determined under this subparagraph with respect to any partnership interest sold or exchanged— ‘‘(i) in the case of any gain on the sale or ex-change of the partnership interest, is— ‘‘(I) the portion of the partner’s distributive share of the amount of gain which would have been effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States if the partnership had sold all of its assets at their fair market value as of the date of the sale or ex-change of such interest, or ‘‘(II) zero if no gain on such deemed sale would have been so effectively connected, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of any loss on the sale or ex-change of the partnership interest, is— ‘‘(I) the portion of the partner’s distributive share of the amount of loss on the deemed sale described in clause (i)(I) which would have been so effectively connected, or ‘‘(II) zero if no loss on such deemed sale would be have been so effectively connected. For purposes of this subparagraph, a partner’s distributive share of gain or loss on the deemed sale shall be determined in the same manner as such partner’s distributive share of the non-sep-arately stated taxable income or loss of such partnership. ‘‘(C) COORDINATION WITH UNITED STATES REAL  
PROPERTY INTERESTS .—If a partnership de-scribed in subparagraph (A) holds any United States real property interest (as defined in sec-tion 897(c)) at the time of the sale or exchange of the partnership interest, then the gain or loss treated as effectively connected income under subparagraph (A) shall be reduced by the amount so treated with respect to such United States real property interest under section 897. ‘‘(D) S
ALE OR EXCHANGE .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘sale or exchange’ means any sale, exchange, or other disposition. ‘‘(E) S
ECRETARIAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guid-ance as the Secretary determines appropriate for the application of this paragraph, including with respect to exchanges described in section 332, 351, 354, 355, 356, or 361.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 864(c)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘and (7)’’ in subparagraph (A), and inserting ‘‘(7), and (8)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘or (7)’’ in subparagraph (B), and inserting ‘‘(7), or (8)’’. (b) W
ITHHOLDING REQUIREMENTS .—Section 1446 is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) and by inserting after sub-section (e) the following: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULES FOR WITHHOLDING ON DIS-
POSITIONS OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in this subsection, if any portion of the gain (if any) on any disposition of an interest in a partnership would be treated under section 864(c)(8) as effec-tively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States, the transferee shall be required to deduct and withhold a tax equal to 10 percent of the amount realized on the disposition. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION IF NONFOREIGN AFFIDAVIT  
FURNISHED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—No person shall be required to deduct and withhold any amount under paragraph (1) with respect to any disposition if the transferor furnishes to the transferee an af-fidavit by the transferor stating, under penalty of perjury, the transferor’s United States tax-payer identification number and that the trans-feror is not a foreign person. ‘‘(B) F
ALSE AFFIDAVIT .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any disposition if— ‘‘(i) the transferee has actual knowledge that the affidavit is false, or the transferee receives a notice (as described in section 1445(d)) from a transferor’s agent or transferee’s agent that such affidavit or statement is false, or ‘‘(ii) the Secretary by regulations requires the transferee to furnish a copy of such affidavit or statement to the Secretary and the transferee fails to furnish a copy of such affidavit or state-ment to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as required by such regulations. ‘‘(C) R
ULES FOR AGENTS .—The rules of section 1445(d) shall apply to a transferor’s agent or transferee’s agent with respect to any affidavit described in subparagraph (A) in the same man-ner as such rules apply with respect to the dis-position of a United States real property interest under such section. ‘‘(3) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY TO PRESCRIBE  
REDUCED AMOUNT .—At the request of the trans-feror or transferee, the Secretary may prescribe a reduced amount to be withheld under this sec-tion if the Secretary determines that to sub-stitute such reduced amount will not jeopardize the collection of the tax imposed under this title with respect to gain treated under section 864(c)(8) as effectively connected with the con-duct of a trade or business with in the United States. ‘‘(4) PARTNERSHIP TO WITHHOLD AMOUNTS NOT  
WITHHELD BY THE TRANSFEREE .—If a transferee fails to withhold any amount required to be withheld under paragraph (1), the partnership shall be required to deduct and withhold from distributions to the transferee a tax in an amount equal to the amount the transferee failed to withhold (plus interest under this title on such amount). ‘‘(5) D
EFINITIONS .—Any term used in this sub-section which is also used under section 1445 shall have the same meaning as when used in such section. ‘‘(6) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this subsection, including regulations providing for exceptions from the provisions of this sub-section.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) S
UBSECTION (a).—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to sales, ex-changes, and dispositions on or after November 27, 2017. (2) S
UBSECTION (b).—The amendment made by subsection (b) shall apply to sales, exchanges, and dispositions after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13502. MODIFY DEFINITION OF SUBSTAN-TIAL BUILT-IN LOSS IN THE CASE OF TRANSFER OF PARTNERSHIP INTER-EST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 743(d) is to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, a partnership has a substantial built-in loss with respect to a transfer of an interest in the partnership if— ‘‘(A) the partnership’s adjusted basis in the partnership property exceeds by more than $250,000 the fair market value of such property, or ‘‘(B) the transferee partner would be allocated a loss of more than $250,000 if the partnership assets were sold for cash equal to their fair mar-ket value immediately after such transfer.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to transfers of part-nership interests after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13503. CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS AND FOREIGN TAXES TAKEN INTO AC-COUNT IN DETERMINING LIMITA-TION ON ALLOWANCE OF PARTNER’S SHARE OF LOSS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (d) of section 704 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘A partner’s distributive share’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A partner’s distributive share’’, (2) by striking ‘‘Any excess of such loss’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER .—Any excess of such loss’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In determining the amount of any loss under paragraph (1), there shall be taken into account the partner’s distributive share of amounts described in paragraphs (4) and (6) of section 702(a). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—In the case of a charitable contribution of property whose fair market value exceeds its adjusted basis, subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the extent of the partner’s distributive share of such excess.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to partnership tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13504. REPEAL OF TECHNICAL TERMINATION OF PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 708(b) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (A) and all that follows and inserting a period, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10284 December 20, 2017 
(2) by striking ‘‘only if—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘no part of any business’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘only if no part of any busi-ness’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .— (1) Section 168(i)(7)(B) is amended by striking the second sentence. (2) Section 743(e) is amended by striking para-graph (4) and redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to partnership tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. Subpart B—Insurance Reforms 
SEC. 13511. NET OPERATING LOSSES OF LIFE IN-SURANCE COMPANIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 805(b) is amended by striking paragraph (4) and by redesignating paragraph (5) as paragraph (4). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Part I of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 810 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (2)(A) Part III of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 844 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (B) Section 831(b)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘except as provided in section 844,’’ (3) Section 381 is amended by striking sub-section (d). (4) Section 805(a)(4)(B)(ii) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) the deduction allowed under section 172,’’. (5) Section 805(a) is amended by striking para-graph (5). (6) Section 805(b)(2)(A)(iv) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(iv) any net operating loss carryback to the taxable year under section 172, and’’. (7) Section 953(b)(1)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) So much of section 805(a)(8) as relates to the deduction allowed under section 172.’’. (8) Section 1351(i)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘or the operations loss deduction under section 810,’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to losses arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13512. REPEAL OF SMALL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part I of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 806 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections for such part). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 453B(e) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 806(b)(3))’’ in paragraph (2)(B), and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) N
ONINSURANCE BUSINESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘noninsurance business’ means any activity which is not an insurance business. ‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN ACTIVITIES TREATED AS INSUR -
ANCE BUSINESSES .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), any activity which is not an insur-ance business shall be treated as an insurance business if— ‘‘(i) it is of a type traditionally carried on by life insurance companies for investment pur-poses, but only if the carrying on of such activ-ity (other than in the case of real estate) does not constitute the active conduct of a trade or business, or ‘‘(ii) it involves the performance of adminis-trative services in connection with plans pro-viding life insurance, pension, or accident and health benefits.’’. (2) Section 465(c)(7)(D)(v)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘section 806(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 453B(e)(3)’’. (3) Section 801(a)(2) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). (4) Section 804 is amended by striking ‘‘means—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘means the general deductions provided in sec-tion 805.’’. (5) Section 805(a)(4)(B), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking clause (i) and by re-designating clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respectively. (6) Section 805(b)(2)(A), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking clause (iii) and by redesignating clauses (iv) and (v) as clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively. (7) Section 842(c) is amended by striking para-graph (1) and by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (8) Section 953(b)(1), as amended by section 13511, is amended by striking subparagraph (A) and by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13513. ADJUSTMENT FOR CHANGE IN COM-PUTING RESERVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 807(f) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) T
REATMENT AS CHANGE IN METHOD OF AC -
COUNTING .—If the basis for determining any item referred to in subsection (c) as of the close of any taxable year differs from the basis for such determination as of the close of the pre-ceding taxable year, then so much of the dif-ference between— ‘‘(A) the amount of the item at the close of the taxable year, computed on the new basis, and ‘‘(B) the amount of the item at the close of the taxable year, computed on the old basis, as is attributable to contracts issued before the taxable year shall be taken into account under section 481 as adjustments attributable to a change in method of accounting initiated by the taxpayer and made with the consent of the Sec-retary.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13514. REPEAL OF SPECIAL RULE FOR DIS-TRIBUTIONS TO SHAREHOLDERS FROM PRE-1984 POLICYHOLDERS SURPLUS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart D of part I of sub-chapter L is amended by striking section 815 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections for such subpart). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 801 is amended by striking subsection (c). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. (d) P
HASED INCLUSION OF REMAINING BALANCE  
OFPOLICYHOLDERS SURPLUS ACCOUNTS .—In the case of any stock life insurance company which has a balance (determined as of the close of such company’s last taxable year beginning be-fore January 1, 2018) in an existing policy-holders surplus account (as defined in section 815 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect before its repeal), the tax imposed by sec-tion 801 of such Code for the first 8 taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, shall be the amount which would be imposed by such section for such year on the sum of— (1) life insurance company taxable income for such year (within the meaning of such section 801 but not less than zero), plus (2) 
1⁄8of such balance. 
SEC. 13515. MODIFICATION OF PRORATION RULES FOR PROPERTY AND CASUALTY IN-SURANCE COMPANIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 832(b)(5)(B) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘15 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicable percentage’’, and (2) by inserting at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘For purposes of this subparagraph, the applicable percentage is 5.25 percent divided by the highest rate in effect under section 11(b).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13516. REPEAL OF SPECIAL ESTIMATED TAX PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part III of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 847 (and by striking the item relating to such sec-tion in the table of sections for such part). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13517. COMPUTATION OF LIFE INSURANCE TAX RESERVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) A
PPROPRIATE RATE OF INTEREST .—The sec- ond sentence of section 807(c) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘For purposes of paragraph (3), the appropriate rate of interest is the highest rate or rates permitted to be used to discount the obligations by the National Association of In-surance Commissioners as of the date the reserve is determined.’’. (2) M
ETHOD OF COMPUTING RESERVES .—Sec- tion 807(d) is amended— (A) by striking paragraphs (1), (2), (4), and (5), (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (4), (C) by inserting before paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) D
ETERMINATION OF RESERVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this part (other than section 816), the amount of the life insurance reserves for any contract (other than a contract to which subparagraph (B) applies) shall be the greater of— ‘‘(i) the net surrender value of such contract, or ‘‘(ii) 92.81 percent of the reserve determined under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) V
ARIABLE CONTRACTS .—For purposes of this part (other than section 816), the amount of the life insurance reserves for a variable con-tract shall be equal to the sum of— ‘‘(i) the greater of— ‘‘(I) the net surrender value of such contract, or ‘‘(II) the portion of the reserve that is sepa-rately accounted for under section 817, plus ‘‘(ii) 92.81 percent of the excess (if any) of the reserve determined under paragraph (2) over the amount in clause (i). ‘‘(C) S
TATUTORY CAP .—In no event shall the reserves determined under subparagraphs (A) or (B) for any contract as of any time exceed the amount which would be taken into account with respect to such contract as of such time in deter-mining statutory reserves (as defined in para-graph (4)). ‘‘(D) N
O DOUBLE COUNTING .—In no event shall any amount or item be taken into account more than once in determining any reserve under this subchapter. ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF RESERVE .—The amount of the reserve determined under this paragraph with respect to any contract shall be determined by using the tax reserve method applicable to such contract.’’. (D) by striking ‘‘(other than a qualified long- term care insurance contract, as defined in sec-tion 7702B(b)), a 2-year full preliminary term method’’ in paragraph (3)(A)(iii) and inserting ‘‘, the reserve method prescribed by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners which covers such contract as of the date the reserve is determined’’, (E) by striking ‘‘(as of the date of issuance)’’ in paragraph (3)(A)(iv)(I) and inserting ‘‘(as of the date the reserve is determined)’’, (F) by striking ‘‘as of the date of the issuance of’’ in paragraph (3)(A)(iv)(II) and inserting ‘‘as of the date the reserve is determined for’’, (G) by striking ‘‘in effect on the date of the issuance of the contract’’ in paragraph (3)(B)(i) and inserting ‘‘applicable to the contract and in effect as of the date the reserve is determined’’, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10285 December 20, 2017 
(H) by striking ‘‘in effect on the date of the issuance of the contract’’ in paragraph (3)(B)(ii) and inserting ‘‘applicable to the contract and in effect as of the date the reserve is determined’’. (3) S
PECIAL RULES .—Section 807(e) is amend-ed— (A) by striking paragraphs (2) and (5), (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (5), re-spectively, (C) by amending paragraph (2) (as so redesig-nated) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS .— ‘‘(A) Q
UALIFIED SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS  
TREATED SEPARATELY .—For purposes of this part, the amount of the life insurance reserve for any qualified supplemental benefit shall be computed separately as though such benefit were under a separate contract. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFIT .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘qualified supplemental benefit’ means any supplemental benefit described in subparagraph (C) if— ‘‘(i) there is a separately identified premium or charge for such benefit, and ‘‘(ii) any net surrender value under the con-tract attributable to any other benefit is not available to fund such benefit. ‘‘(C) S
UPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS .—For purposes of this paragraph, the supplemental benefits de-scribed in this subparagraph are any— ‘‘(i) guaranteed insurability, ‘‘(ii) accidental death or disability benefit, ‘‘(iii) convertibility, ‘‘(iv) disability waiver benefit, or ‘‘(v) other benefit prescribed by regulations, which is supplemental to a contract for which there is a reserve described in subsection (c).’’, and (D) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) R
EPORTING RULES .—The Secretary shall require reporting (at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe) with respect to the opening balance and closing bal-ance of reserves and with respect to the method of computing reserves for purposes of deter-mining income.’’. (4) D
EFINITION OF LIFE INSURANCE CON -
TRACT .—Section 7702 is amended— (A) by striking clause (i) of subsection (c)(3)(B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) reasonable mortality charges which meet the requirements prescribed in regulations to be promulgated by the Secretary or that do not ex-ceed the mortality charges specified in the pre-vailing commissioners’ standard tables as de-fined in subsection (f)(10),’’ and (B) by adding at the end of subsection (f) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) P
REVAILING COMMISSIONERS ’ STANDARD  
TABLES .—For purposes of subsection (c)(3)(B)(i), the term ‘prevailing commissioners’ standard ta-bles’ means the most recent commissioners’ standard tables prescribed by the National Asso-ciation of Insurance Commissioners which are permitted to be used in computing reserves for that type of contract under the insurance laws of at least 26 States when the contract was issued. If the prevailing commissioners’ stand-ard tables as of the beginning of any calendar year (hereinafter in this paragraph referred to as the ‘year of change’) are different from the prevailing commissioners’ standard tables as of the beginning of the preceding calendar year, the issuer may use the prevailing commissioners’ standard tables as of the beginning of the pre-ceding calendar year with respect to any con-tract issued after the change and before the close of the 3-year period beginning on the first day of the year of change.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 808 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) P
REVAILING STATE ASSUMED INTEREST  R
ATE.—For purposes of this subchapter— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘prevailing State assumed interest rate’ means, with respect to any contract, the highest assumed interest rate permitted to be used in computing life insurance reserves for insurance contracts or annuity con-tracts (as the case may be) under the insurance laws of at least 26 States. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the effect of nonforfeiture laws of a State on interest rates for reserves shall not be taken into account. ‘‘(2) WHEN RATE DETERMINED .—The prevailing State assumed interest rate with respect to any contract shall be determined as of the beginning of the calendar year in which the contract was issued.’’. (2) Paragraph (1) of section 811(d) is amended by striking ‘‘the greater of the prevailing State assumed interest rate or applicable Federal in-terest rate in effect under section 807’’ and in-serting ‘‘the interest rate in effect under section 808(g)’’. (3) Subparagraph (A) of section 846(f)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘except that’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘except that the limitation of subsection (a)(3) shall apply, and’’. (4) Section 848(e)(1)(B)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘807(e)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘807(e)(3)’’. (5) Subparagraph (B) of section 954(i)(5) is amended by striking ‘‘shall be substituted for the prevailing State assumed interest rate,’’ and inserting ‘‘shall apply,’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2017. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—For the first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, the re-serve with respect to any contract (as deter-mined under section 807(d) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986) at the end of the preceding taxable year shall be determined as if the amendments made by this section had applied to such reserve in such preceding taxable year. (3) T
RANSITION RELIEF .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If— (i) the reserve determined under section 807(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (deter-mined after application of paragraph (2)) with respect to any contract as of the close of the year preceding the first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, differs from (ii) the reserve which would have been deter-mined with respect to such contract as of the close of such taxable year under such section determined without regard to paragraph (2), then the difference between the amount of the reserve described in clause (i) and the amount of the reserve described in clause (ii) shall be taken into account under the method provided in sub-paragraph (B). (B) M
ETHOD .—The method provided in this subparagraph is as follows: (i) If the amount determined under subpara-graph (A)(i) exceeds the amount determined under subparagraph (A)(ii), 1/8 of such excess shall be taken into account, for each of the 8 succeeding taxable years, as a deduction under section 805(a)(2) or 832(c)(4) of such Code, as ap-plicable. (ii) If the amount determined under subpara-graph (A)(ii) exceeds the amount determined under subparagraph (A)(i), 1/8 of such excess shall be included in gross income, for each of the 8 succeeding taxable years, under section 803(a)(2) or 832(b)(1)(C) of such Code, as appli-cable. 
SEC. 13518. MODIFICATION OF RULES FOR LIFE INSURANCE PRORATION FOR PUR-POSES OF DETERMINING THE DIVI-DENDS RECEIVED DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 812 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 812. DEFINITION OF COMPANY’S SHARE AND POLICYHOLDER’S SHARE. 
‘‘(a) C OMPANY ’SSHARE .—For purposes of sec-tion 805(a)(4), the term ‘company’s share’ means, with respect to any taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2017, 70 percent. ‘‘(b) P
OLICYHOLDER ’SSHARE .—For purposes of section 807, the term ‘policyholder’s share’ means, with respect to any taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2017, 30 percent.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 817A(e)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘, 807(d)(2)(B), and 812’’ and inserting ‘‘and 807(d)(2)(B)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13519. CAPITALIZATION OF CERTAIN POLICY ACQUISITION EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) Section 848(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘120-month’’ and inserting ‘‘180-month’’. (2) Section 848(c)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘1.75 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘2.09 percent’’. (3) Section 848(c)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘2.05 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘2.45 percent’’. (4) Section 848(c)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘7.7 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘9.2 percent’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 848(b)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘120-month’’ and inserting ‘‘180-month’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to net premiums for tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—Specified policy acqui-sition expenses first required to be capitalized in a taxable year beginning before January 1, 2018, will continue to be allowed as a deduction rat-ably over the 120-month period beginning with the first month in the second half of such tax-able year. 
SEC. 13520. TAX REPORTING FOR LIFE SETTLE-MENT TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart B of part III of sub-chapter A of chapter 61, as amended by section 13306, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6050Y. RETURNS RELATING TO CERTAIN LIFE INSURANCE CONTRACT TRANS-ACTIONS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT OF REPORTING OF CERTAIN  P
AYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Every person who acquires a life insurance contract or any interest in a life insurance contract in a reportable policy sale during any taxable year shall make a return for such taxable year (at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe) setting forth— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and TIN of such per-son, ‘‘(B) the name, address, and TIN of each re-cipient of payment in the reportable policy sale, ‘‘(C) the date of such sale, ‘‘(D) the name of the issuer of the life insur-ance contract sold and the policy number of such contract, and ‘‘(E) the amount of each payment. ‘‘(2) S
TATEMENT TO BE FURNISHED TO PERSONS  
WITH RESPECT TO WHOM INFORMATION IS RE -
QUIRED .—Every person required to make a re-turn under this subsection shall furnish to each person whose name is required to be set forth in such return a written statement showing— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and phone number of the information contact of the person required to make such return, and ‘‘(B) the information required to be shown on such return with respect to such person, except that in the case of an issuer of a life insurance contract, such statement is not required to in-clude the information specified in paragraph (1)(E). ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT OF REPORTING OF SELLER ’S B
ASIS IN LIFEINSURANCE CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receipt of the state-ment required under subsection (a)(2) or upon notice of a transfer of a life insurance contract to a foreign person, each issuer of a life insur-ance contract shall make a return (at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall pre-scribe) setting forth— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and TIN of the seller who transfers any interest in such contract in such sale, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10286 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(B) the investment in the contract (as de-fined in section 72(e)(6)) with respect to such seller, and ‘‘(C) the policy number of such contract. ‘‘(2) S
TATEMENT TO BE FURNISHED TO PERSONS  
WITH RESPECT TO WHOM INFORMATION IS RE -
QUIRED .—Every person required to make a re-turn under this subsection shall furnish to each person whose name is required to be set forth in such return a written statement showing— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and phone number of the information contact of the person required to make such return, and ‘‘(B) the information required to be shown on such return with respect to each seller whose name is required to be set forth in such return. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENT OF REPORTING WITHRE-
SPECT TO REPORTABLE DEATH BENEFITS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Every person who makes a payment of reportable death benefits during any taxable year shall make a return for such tax-able year (at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe) setting forth— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and TIN of the per-son making such payment, ‘‘(B) the name, address, and TIN of each re-cipient of such payment, ‘‘(C) the date of each such payment, ‘‘(D) the gross amount of each such payment, and ‘‘(E) such person’s estimate of the investment in the contract (as defined in section 72(e)(6)) with respect to the buyer. ‘‘(2) S
TATEMENT TO BE FURNISHED TO PERSONS  
WITH RESPECT TO WHOM INFORMATION IS RE -
QUIRED .—Every person required to make a re-turn under this subsection shall furnish to each person whose name is required to be set forth in such return a written statement showing— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and phone number of the information contact of the person required to make such return, and ‘‘(B) the information required to be shown on such return with respect to each recipient of payment whose name is required to be set forth in such return. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) P
AYMENT .—The term ‘payment’ means, with respect to any reportable policy sale, the amount of cash and the fair market value of any consideration transferred in the sale. ‘‘(2) R
EPORTABLE POLICY SALE .—The term ‘re-portable policy sale’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a)(3)(B). ‘‘(3) I
SSUER .—The term ‘issuer’ means any life insurance company that bears the risk with re-spect to a life insurance contract on the date any return or statement is required to be made under this section. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTABLE DEATH BENEFITS .—The term ‘reportable death benefits’ means amounts paid by reason of the death of the insured under a life insurance contract that has been transferred in a reportable policy sale.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for subpart B of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61, as amended by section 13306, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6050X the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 6050Y. Returns relating to certain life in-surance contract transactions.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Subsection (d) of section 6724 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (xxiv) of paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (xxv) of such paragraph and inserting ‘‘or’’, and by inserting after such clause (xxv) the following new clause: ‘‘(xxvi) section 6050Y (relating to returns re-lating to certain life insurance contract trans-actions), and’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (HH) of paragraph (2), by striking the pe-riod at the end of subparagraph (II) of such paragraph and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by insert-ing after such subparagraph (II) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(JJ) subsection (a)(2), (b)(2), or (c)(2) of sec-tion 6050Y (relating to returns relating to cer-tain life insurance contract transactions).’’. (2) Section 6047 is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (h), (B) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(g) INFORMATION RELATING TO LIFEINSUR-
ANCE CONTRACT TRANSACTIONS .—This section shall not apply to any information which is re-quired to be reported under section 6050Y.’’, and (C) by adding at the end of subsection (h), as so redesignated, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) For provisions requiring reporting of in-formation relating to certain life insurance con-tract transactions, see section 6050Y.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) reportable policy sales (as defined in sec-tion 6050Y(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by subsection (a)) after December 31, 2017, and (2) reportable death benefits (as defined in section 6050Y(d)(4) of such Code (as added by subsection (a)) paid after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13521. CLARIFICATION OF TAX BASIS OF LIFE INSURANCE CONTRACTS. 
(a) C LARIFICATION WITHRESPECT TO ADJUST -
MENTS .—Paragraph (1) of section 1016(a) is amended by striking subparagraph (A) and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) for— ‘‘(i) taxes or other carrying charges described in section 266; or ‘‘(ii) expenditures described in section 173 (re-lating to circulation expenditures), for which deductions have been taken by the taxpayer in determining taxable income for the taxable year or prior taxable years; or ‘‘(B) for mortality, expense, or other reason-able charges incurred under an annuity or life insurance contract;’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to transactions en-tered into after August 25, 2009. 
SEC. 13522. EXCEPTION TO TRANSFER FOR VALU-ABLE CONSIDERATION RULES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 101 is amended by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION TO VALUABLE CONSIDERATION  
RULES FOR COMMERCIAL TRANSFERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The second sentence of paragraph (2) shall not apply in the case of a transfer of a life insurance contract, or any in-terest therein, which is a reportable policy sale. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTABLE POLICY SALE .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘reportable policy sale’ means the acquisition of an interest in a life insurance contract, directly or indirectly, if the acquirer has no substantial family, business, or financial relationship with the insured apart from the acquirer’s interest in such life insur-ance contract. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘indirectly’ applies to the ac-quisition of an interest in a partnership, trust, or other entity that holds an interest in the life insurance contract.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (1) of section 101(a) is amended by striking ‘‘para-graph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to transfers after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13523. MODIFICATION OF DISCOUNTING RULES FOR PROPERTY AND CAS-UALTY INSURANCE COMPANIES. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF RATE OF INTEREST USED 
TODISCOUNT UNPAID LOSSES .—Paragraph (2) of section 846(c) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF ANNUAL RATE .—The annual rate determined by the Secretary under this paragraph for any calendar year shall be a rate determined on the basis of the corporate bond yield curve (as defined in section 430(h)(2)(D)(i), determined by substituting ‘60- month period’ for ‘24-month period’ therein).’’. (b) MODIFICATION OF COMPUTATIONAL RULES 
FOR LOSS PAYMENT PATTERNS .—Section 846(d)(3) is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) through (G) and inserting the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN LOSSES .— ‘‘(i) 3-
YEAR LOSS PAYMENT PATTERN .—In the case of any line of business not described in sub-paragraph (A)(ii), losses paid after the 1st year following the accident year shall be treated as paid equally in the 2nd and 3rd year following the accident year. ‘‘(ii) 10-
YEAR LOSS PAYMENT PATTERN .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The period taken into ac-count under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be ex-tended to the extent required under subclause (II). ‘‘(II) C
OMPUTATION OF EXTENSION .—The amount of losses which would have been treated as paid in the 10th year after the accident year shall be treated as paid in such 10th year and each subsequent year in an amount equal to the amount of the average of the losses treated as paid in the 7th, 8th, and 9th years after the ac-cident year (or, if lesser, the portion of the un-paid losses not theretofore taken into account). To the extent such unpaid losses have not been treated as paid before the 24th year after the ac-cident year, they shall be treated as paid in such 24th year.’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF HISTORICAL PAYMENT PATTERN  E
LECTION .—Section 846, as amended by this Act, is amended by striking subsection (e) and by re-designating subsections (f) and (g) as sub-sections (e) and (f), respectively. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. (e) T
RANSITIONAL RULE.—For the first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017— (1) the unpaid losses and the expenses unpaid (as defined in paragraphs (5)(B) and (6) of sec-tion 832(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) at the end of the preceding taxable year, and (2) the unpaid losses as defined in sections 807(c)(2) and 805(a)(1) of such Code at the end of the preceding taxable year, shall be determined as if the amendments made by this section had applied to such unpaid losses and expenses unpaid in the preceding tax-able year and by using the interest rate and loss payment patterns applicable to accident years ending with calendar year 2018, and any adjust-ment shall be taken into account ratably in such first taxable year and the 7 succeeding taxable years. For subsequent taxable years, such amendments shall be applied with respect to such unpaid losses and expenses unpaid by using the interest rate and loss payment pat-terns applicable to accident years ending with calendar year 2018. Subpart C—Banks and Financial Instruments 
SEC. 13531. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION FOR FDIC PREMIUMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 162, as amended by sections 13307, is amended by redesignating sub-section (r) as subsection (s) and by inserting after subsection (q) the following new sub-section: ‘‘(r) D
ISALLOWANCE OF FDIC P REMIUMS PAID 
BYCERTAIN LARGE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No deduction shall be al-lowed for the applicable percentage of any FDIC premium paid or incurred by the tax-payer. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR SMALL INSTITUTIONS .— Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any taxpayer for any taxable year if the total consolidated as-sets of such taxpayer (determined as of the close of such taxable year) do not exceed $10,000,000,000. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘applicable percent-age’ means, with respect to any taxpayer for any taxable year, the ratio (expressed as a per-centage but not greater than 100 percent) which— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10287 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(A) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the total consolidated assets of such tax-payer (determined as of the close of such taxable year), over ‘‘(ii) $10,000,000,000, bears to ‘‘(B) $40,000,000,000. ‘‘(4) FDIC 
PREMIUMS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘FDIC premium’ means any assessment imposed under section 7(b) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(b)). ‘‘(5) T
OTAL CONSOLIDATED ASSETS .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘total consoli-dated assets’ has the meaning given such term under section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5365). ‘‘(6) A
GGREGATION RULE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Members of an expanded affiliated group shall be treated as a single tax-payer for purposes of applying this subsection. ‘‘(B) E
XPANDED AFFILIATED GROUP .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this para-graph, the term ‘expanded affiliated group’ means an affiliated group as defined in section 1504(a), determined— ‘‘(I) by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears, and ‘‘(II) without regard to paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1504(b). ‘‘(ii) C
ONTROL OF NON -CORPORATE ENTITIES .— A partnership or any other entity (other than a corporation) shall be treated as a member of an expanded affiliated group if such entity is con-trolled (within the meaning of section 954(d)(3)) by members of such group (including any entity treated as a member of such group by reason of this clause).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13532. REPEAL OF ADVANCE REFUNDING BONDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 149(d) is amended by striking ‘‘as part of an issue described in paragraph (2), (3), or (4).’’ and inserting ‘‘to advance refund another bond.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 149(d) is amended by striking para-graphs (2), (3), (4), and (6) and by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (7) as paragraphs (2) and (3). (2) Section 148(f)(4)(C) is amended by striking clause (xiv) and by redesignating clauses (xv) to (xvii) as clauses (xiv) to (xvi). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to advance refunding bonds issued after December 31, 2017. Subpart D—S Corporations 
SEC. 13541. EXPANSION OF QUALIFYING BENE-FICIARIES OF AN ELECTING SMALL BUSINESS TRUST. 
(a) N OLOOK-THROUGH FOR ELIGIBILITY PUR-
POSES .—Section 1361(c)(2)(B)(v) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘This clause shall not apply for purposes of subsection (b)(1)(C).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2018. 
SEC. 13542. CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION DEDUC-TION FOR ELECTING SMALL BUSI-NESS TRUSTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 641(c)(2) is amended by inserting after subparagraph (D) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(E)(i) Section 642(c) shall not apply. ‘‘(ii) For purposes of section 170(b)(1)(G), ad-justed gross income shall be computed in the same manner as in the case of an individual, ex-cept that the deductions for costs which are paid or incurred in connection with the admin-istration of the trust and which would not have been incurred if the property were not held in such trust shall be treated as allowable in arriv-ing at adjusted gross income.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13543. MODIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF S CORPORATION CONVERSIONS TO C CORPORATIONS. 
(a) A DJUSTMENTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO CONVER -
SION FROM S C ORPORATION TO C C ORPORA -
TION.—Section 481 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
DJUSTMENTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO CONVER -
SION FROM S C ORPORATION TO C C ORPORA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an eligible terminated S corporation, any adjustment re-quired by subsection (a)(2) which is attributable to such corporation’s revocation described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) shall be taken into account ratably during the 6-taxable year period begin-ning with the year of change. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE TERMINATED S CORPORATION .— For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘eligi-ble terminated S corporation’ means any C cor-poration— ‘‘(A) which— ‘‘(i) was an S corporation on the day before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and ‘‘(ii) during the 2-year period beginning on the date of such enactment makes a revocation of its election under section 1362(a), and ‘‘(B) the owners of the stock of which, deter-mined on the date such revocation is made, are the same owners (and in identical proportions) as on the date of such enactment.’’. (b) C
ASH DISTRIBUTIONS FOLLOWING POST- 
TERMINATION TRANSITION PERIOD FROM S COR-
PORATION STATUS .—Section 1371 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) C
ASHDISTRIBUTIONS FOLLOWING POST- 
TERMINATION TRANSITION PERIOD .—In the case of a distribution of money by an eligible termi-nated S corporation (as defined in section 481(d)) after the post-termination transition pe-riod, the accumulated adjustments account shall be allocated to such distribution, and the dis-tribution shall be chargeable to accumulated earnings and profits, in the same ratio as the amount of such accumulated adjustments ac-count bears to the amount of such accumulated earnings and profits.’’. PART VII—EMPLOYMENT Subpart A—Compensation 
SEC. 13601. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON EXCESSIVE EMPLOYEE REMUNERA-TION. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PERFORMANCE -BASED COM-
PENSATION AND COMMISSION EXCEPTIONS FOR  L
IMITATION ON EXCESSIVE EMPLOYEE REMU-
NERATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) of section 162(m) is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and by redesignating subparagraphs (D), (E), (F), and (G) as subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E), respectively. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Paragraphs (5)(E) and (6)(D) of section 162(m) are each amended by striking ‘‘subpara-graphs (B), (C), and (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraph (B)’’. (B) Paragraphs (5)(G) and (6)(G) of section 162(m) are each amended by striking ‘‘(F) and (G)’’ and inserting ‘‘(D) and (E)’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF COVERED  E
MPLOYEES .—Paragraph (3) of section 162(m) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘as of the close of the taxable year, such employee is the chief executive officer of the taxpayer or is’’ and inserting ‘‘such employee is the principal execu-tive officer or principal financial officer of the taxpayer at any time during the taxable year, or was’’, (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘4’’ and inserting ‘‘3’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘(other than the chief execu-tive officer)’’ and inserting ‘‘(other than any in-dividual described in subparagraph (A))’’, and (3) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (A), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) was a covered employee of the taxpayer (or any predecessor) for any preceding taxable year beginning after December 31, 2016.’’. (c) EXPANSION OF APPLICABLE EMPLOYER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 162(m)(2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
UBLICLY HELD CORPORATION .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘publicly held corporation’ means any corporation which is an issuer (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c))— ‘‘(A) the securities of which are required to be registered under section 12 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78l), or ‘‘(B) that is required to file reports under sec-tion 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 162(m)(3), as amended by subsection (b), is amended by adding at the end the following flush sentence: ‘‘Such term shall include any employee who would be described in subparagraph (B) if the reporting described in such subparagraph were required as so described.’’. (d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID TO  B
ENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Paragraph (4) of section 162(m), as amended by subsection (a), is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new sub-paragraph: ‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID  
TO BENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Remuneration shall not fail to be applicable employee remuneration merely because it is includible in the income of, or paid to, a person other than the covered em-ployee, including after the death of the covered employee.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. (2) E
XCEPTION FOR BINDING CONTRACTS .—The amendments made by this section shall not apply to remuneration which is provided pursu-ant to a written binding contract which was in effect on November 2, 2017, and which was not modified in any material respect on or after such date. 
SEC. 13602. EXCISE TAX ON EXCESS TAX-EXEMPT ORGANIZATION EXECUTIVE COM-PENSATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter D of chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4960. TAX ON EXCESS TAX-EXEMPT ORGANI-ZATION EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
‘‘(a) T AXIMPOSED .—There is hereby imposed a tax equal to the product of the rate of tax under section 11 and the sum of— ‘‘(1) so much of the remuneration paid (other than any excess parachute payment) by an ap-plicable tax-exempt organization for the taxable year with respect to employment of any covered employee in excess of $1,000,000, plus ‘‘(2) any excess parachute payment paid by such an organization to any covered employee. For purposes of the preceding sentence, remu-neration shall be treated as paid when there is no substantial risk of forfeiture (within the meaning of section 457(f)(3)(B)) of the rights to such remuneration. ‘‘(b) L
IABILITY FOR TAX.—The employer shall be liable for the tax imposed under subsection (a). ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICABLE TAX -EXEMPT ORGANIZA -
TION.—The term ‘applicable tax-exempt organi-zation’ means any organization which for the taxable year— ‘‘(A) is exempt from taxation under section 501(a), ‘‘(B) is a farmers’ cooperative organization de-scribed in section 521(b)(1), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10288 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(C) has income excluded from taxation under section 115(1), or ‘‘(D) is a political organization described in section 527(e)(1). ‘‘(2) C
OVERED EMPLOYEE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘covered employee’ means any employee (including any former employee) of an applicable tax-exempt organization if the employee— ‘‘(A) is one of the 5 highest compensated em-ployees of the organization for the taxable year, or ‘‘(B) was a covered employee of the organiza-tion (or any predecessor) for any preceding tax-able year beginning after December 31, 2016. ‘‘(3) R
EMUNERATION .—For purposes of this section: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘remuneration’ means wages (as defined in section 3401(a)), ex-cept that such term shall not include any des-ignated Roth contribution (as defined in section 402A(c)) and shall include amounts required to be included in gross income under section 457(f). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR REMUNERATION FOR MED -
ICAL SERVICES .—The term ‘remuneration’ shall not include the portion of any remuneration paid to a licensed medical professional (includ-ing a veterinarian) which is for the performance of medical or veterinary services by such profes-sional. ‘‘(4) R
EMUNERATION FROM RELATED ORGANIZA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Remuneration of a covered employee by an applicable tax-exempt organiza-tion shall include any remuneration paid with respect to employment of such employee by any related person or governmental entity. ‘‘(B) R
ELATED ORGANIZATIONS .—A person or governmental entity shall be treated as related to an applicable tax-exempt organization if such person or governmental entity— ‘‘(i) controls, or is controlled by, the organiza-tion, ‘‘(ii) is controlled by one or more persons which control the organization, ‘‘(iii) is a supported organization (as defined in section 509(f)(3)) during the taxable year with respect to the organization, ‘‘(iv) is a supporting organization described in section 509(a)(3) during the taxable year with respect to the organization, or ‘‘(v) in the case of an organization which is a voluntary employees’ beneficiary association de-scribed in section 501(c)(9), establishes, main-tains, or makes contributions to such voluntary employees’ beneficiary association. ‘‘(C) L
IABILITY FOR TAX .—In any case in which remuneration from more than one em-ployer is taken into account under this para-graph in determining the tax imposed by sub-section (a), each such employer shall be liable for such tax in an amount which bears the same ratio to the total tax determined under sub-section (a) with respect to such remuneration as— ‘‘(i) the amount of remuneration paid by such employer with respect to such employee, bears to ‘‘(ii) the amount of remuneration paid by all such employers to such employee. ‘‘(5) E
XCESS PARACHUTE PAYMENT .—For pur- poses of determining the tax imposed by sub-section (a)(2)— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘excess parachute payment’ means an amount equal to the excess of any parachute payment over the portion of the base amount allocated to such payment. ‘‘(B) P
ARACHUTE PAYMENT .—The term ‘para-chute payment’ means any payment in the na-ture of compensation to (or for the benefit of) a covered employee if— ‘‘(i) such payment is contingent on such em-ployee’s separation from employment with the employer, and ‘‘(ii) the aggregate present value of the pay-ments in the nature of compensation to (or for the benefit of) such individual which are con-tingent on such separation equals or exceeds an amount equal to 3 times the base amount. ‘‘(C) EXCEPTION .—Such term does not include any payment— ‘‘(i) described in section 280G(b)(6) (relating to exemption for payments under qualified plans), ‘‘(ii) made under or to an annuity contract described in section 403(b) or a plan described in section 457(b), ‘‘(iii) to a licensed medical professional (in-cluding a veterinarian) to the extent that such payment is for the performance of medical or veterinary services by such professional, or ‘‘(iv) to an individual who is not a highly compensated employee as defined in section 414(q). ‘‘(D) B
ASE AMOUNT .—Rules similar to the rules of 280G(b)(3) shall apply for purposes of determining the base amount. ‘‘(E) P
ROPERTY TRANSFERS ; PRESENT VALUE .— Rules similar to the rules of paragraphs (3) and (4) of section 280G(d) shall apply. ‘‘(6) C
OORDINATION WITH DEDUCTION LIMITA -
TION.—Remuneration the deduction for which is not allowed by reason of section 162(m) shall not be taken into account for purposes of this sec-tion. ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe such regulations as may be necessary to prevent avoidance of the tax under this section, including regulations to prevent avoidance of such tax through the performance of services other than as an employee or by providing com-pensation through a pass-through or other enti-ty to avoid such tax.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for subchapter D of chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4960. Tax on excess tax-exempt organiza-tion executive compensation.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13603. TREATMENT OF QUALIFIED EQUITY GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 83 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) Q
UALIFIED EQUITY GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-title— ‘‘(A) T
IMING OF INCLUSION .—If qualified stock is transferred to a qualified employee who makes an election with respect to such stock under this subsection, subsection (a) shall be applied by including the amount determined under such subsection with respect to such stock in income of the employee in the taxable year determined under subparagraph (B) in lieu of the taxable year described in subsection (a). ‘‘(B) T
AXABLE YEAR DETERMINED .—The tax- able year determined under this subparagraph is the taxable year of the employee which includes the earliest of— ‘‘(i) the first date such qualified stock becomes transferable (including, solely for purposes of this clause, becoming transferable to the em-ployer), ‘‘(ii) the date the employee first becomes an excluded employee, ‘‘(iii) the first date on which any stock of the corporation which issued the qualified stock be-comes readily tradable on an established securi-ties market (as determined by the Secretary, but not including any market unless such market is recognized as an established securities market by the Secretary for purposes of a provision of this title other than this subsection), ‘‘(iv) the date that is 5 years after the first date the rights of the employee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, whichever occurs earlier, or ‘‘(v) the date on which the employee revokes (at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary provides) the election under this sub-section with respect to such stock. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED STOCK .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘qualified stock’ means, with respect to any qualified employee, any stock in a corporation which is the employer of such em-ployee, if— ‘‘(i) such stock is received— ‘‘(I) in connection with the exercise of an op-tion, or ‘‘(II) in settlement of a restricted stock unit, and ‘‘(ii) such option or restricted stock unit was granted by the corporation— ‘‘(I) in connection with the performance of services as an employee, and ‘‘(II) during a calendar year in which such corporation was an eligible corporation. ‘‘(B) LIMITATION .—The term ‘qualified stock’ shall not include any stock if the employee may sell such stock to, or otherwise receive cash in lieu of stock from, the corporation at the time that the rights of the employee in such stock first become transferable or not subject to a sub-stantial risk of forfeiture. ‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE CORPORATION .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)(ii)(II)— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible corpora-tion’ means, with respect to any calendar year, any corporation if— ‘‘(I) no stock of such corporation (or any predecessor of such corporation) is readily tradable on an established securities market (as determined under paragraph (1)(B)(iii)) during any preceding calendar year, and ‘‘(II) such corporation has a written plan under which, in such calendar year, not less than 80 percent of all employees who provide services to such corporation in the United States (or any possession of the United States) are granted stock options, or are granted restricted stock units, with the same rights and privileges to receive qualified stock. ‘‘(ii) S
AME RIGHTS AND PRIVILEGES .—For pur- poses of clause (i)(II)— ‘‘(I) except as provided in subclauses (II) and (III), the determination of rights and privileges with respect to stock shall be made in a similar manner as under section 423(b)(5), ‘‘(II) employees shall not fail to be treated as having the same rights and privileges to receive qualified stock solely because the number of shares available to all employees is not equal in amount, so long as the number of shares avail-able to each employee is more than a de minimis amount, and ‘‘(III) rights and privileges with respect to the exercise of an option shall not be treated as the same as rights and privileges with respect to the settlement of a restricted stock unit. ‘‘(iii) E
MPLOYEE .—For purposes of clause (i)(II), the term ‘employee’ shall not include any employee described in section 4980E(d)(4) or any excluded employee. ‘‘(iv) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CALENDAR YEARS BE -
FORE 2018 .—In the case of any calendar year be-ginning before January 1, 2018, clause (i)(II) shall be applied without regard to whether the rights and privileges with respect to the quali-fied stock are the same. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED EMPLOYEE ; EXCLUDED EM -
PLOYEE .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified em-ployee’ means any individual who— ‘‘(i) is not an excluded employee, and ‘‘(ii) agrees in the election made under this subsection to meet such requirements as are de-termined by the Secretary to be necessary to en-sure that the withholding requirements of the corporation under chapter 24 with respect to the qualified stock are met. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUDED EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘ex-cluded employee’ means, with respect to any corporation, any individual— ‘‘(i) who is a 1-percent owner (within the meaning of section 416(i)(1)(B)(ii)) at any time during the calendar year or who was such a 1 percent owner at any time during the 10 pre-ceding calendar years, ‘‘(ii) who is or has been at any prior time— ‘‘(I) the chief executive officer of such cor-poration or an individual acting in such a ca-pacity, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10289 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(II) the chief financial officer of such cor-poration or an individual acting in such a ca-pacity, ‘‘(iii) who bears a relationship described in section 318(a)(1) to any individual described in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (ii), or ‘‘(iv) who is one of the 4 highest compensated officers of such corporation for the taxable year, or was one of the 4 highest compensated officers of such corporation for any of the 10 preceding taxable years, determined with respect to each such taxable year on the basis of the share-holder disclosure rules for compensation under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as if such rules applied to such corporation). ‘‘(4) E
LECTION .— ‘‘(A) T
IME FOR MAKING ELECTION .—An elec- tion with respect to qualified stock shall be made under this subsection no later than 30 days after the first date the rights of the em-ployee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, which-ever occurs earlier, and shall be made in a man-ner similar to the manner in which an election is made under subsection (b). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS .—No election may be made under this section with respect to any qualified stock if— ‘‘(i) the qualified employee has made an elec-tion under subsection (b) with respect to such qualified stock, ‘‘(ii) any stock of the corporation which issued the qualified stock is readily tradable on an established securities market (as determined under paragraph (1)(B)(iii)) at any time before the election is made, or ‘‘(iii) such corporation purchased any of its outstanding stock in the calendar year pre-ceding the calendar year which includes the first date the rights of the employee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, unless— ‘‘(I) not less than 25 percent of the total dollar amount of the stock so purchased is deferral stock, and ‘‘(II) the determination of which individuals from whom deferral stock is purchased is made on a reasonable basis. ‘‘(C) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES RELATED  
TO LIMITATION ON STOCK REDEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(i) D
EFERRAL STOCK .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘deferral stock’ means stock with respect to which an election is in effect under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) D
EFERRAL STOCK WITH RESPECT TO ANY  
INDIVIDUAL NOT TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IF INDI -
VIDUAL HOLDS DEFERRAL STOCK WITH LONGER  
DEFERRAL PERIOD .—Stock purchased by a cor-poration from any individual shall not be treat-ed as deferral stock for purposes of subpara-graph (B)(iii) if such individual (immediately after such purchase) holds any deferral stock with respect to which an election has been in ef-fect under this subsection for a longer period than the election with respect to the stock so purchased. ‘‘(iii) P
URCHASE OF ALL OUTSTANDING DEFER -
RAL STOCK .—The requirements of subclauses (I) and (II) of subparagraph (B)(iii) shall be treat-ed as met if the stock so purchased includes all of the corporation’s outstanding deferral stock. ‘‘(iv) R
EPORTING .—Any corporation which has outstanding deferral stock as of the beginning of any calendar year and which purchases any of its outstanding stock during such calendar year shall include on its return of tax for the taxable year in which, or with which, such calendar year ends the total dollar amount of its out-standing stock so purchased during such cal-endar year and such other information as the Secretary requires for purposes of administering this paragraph. ‘‘(5) C
ONTROLLED GROUPS .—For purposes of this subsection, all persons treated as a single employer under section 414(b) shall be treated as 1 corporation. ‘‘(6) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT .—Any corporation which transfers qualified stock to a qualified employee shall, at the time that (or a reasonable period before) an amount attributable to such stock would (but for this subsection) first be in-cludible in the gross income of such employee— ‘‘(A) certify to such employee that such stock is qualified stock, and ‘‘(B) notify such employee— ‘‘(i) that the employee may be eligible to elect to defer income on such stock under this sub-section, and ‘‘(ii) that, if the employee makes such an elec-tion— ‘‘(I) the amount of income recognized at the end of the deferral period will be based on the value of the stock at the time at which the rights of the employee in such stock first become transferable or not subject to substantial risk of forfeiture, notwithstanding whether the value of the stock has declined during the deferral pe-riod, ‘‘(II) the amount of such income recognized at the end of the deferral period will be subject to withholding under section 3401(i) at the rate de-termined under section 3402(t), and ‘‘(III) the responsibilities of the employee (as determined by the Secretary under paragraph (3)(A)(ii)) with respect to such withholding. ‘‘(7) RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS .—This section (other than this subsection), including any elec-tion under subsection (b), shall not apply to re-stricted stock units.’’. (b) W
ITHHOLDING .— (1) T
IME OF WITHHOLDING .—Section 3401 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) Q
UALIFIED STOCK FOR WHICH AN ELEC-
TION ISI N EFFECT UNDER SECTION 83(I).—For purposes of subsection (a), qualified stock (as defined in section 83(i)) with respect to which an election is made under section 83(i) shall be treated as wages— ‘‘(1) received on the earliest date described in section 83(i)(1)(B), and ‘‘(2) in an amount equal to the amount in-cluded in income under section 83 for the tax-able year which includes such date.’’. (2) A
MOUNT OF WITHHOLDING .—Section 3402 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(t) R
ATE OF WITHHOLDING FOR CERTAIN  S
TOCK .—In the case of any qualified stock (as defined in section 83(i)(2)) with respect to which an election is made under section 83(i)— ‘‘(1) the rate of tax under subsection (a) shall not be less than the maximum rate of tax in ef-fect under section 1, and ‘‘(2) such stock shall be treated for purposes of section 3501(b) in the same manner as a non- cash fringe benefit.’’. (c) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER DEFERRED  C
OMPENSATION RULES.— (1) E
LECTION TO APPLY DEFERRAL TO STATU -
TORY OPTIONS .— (A) I
NCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS .—Section 422(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such term shall not include any option if an election is made under section 83(i) with respect to the stock received in connection with the ex-ercise of such option.’’. (B) E
MPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLANS .—Sec- tion 423 is amended— (i) in subsection (b)(5), by striking ‘‘and’’ be-fore ‘‘the plan’’ and by inserting ‘‘, and the rules of section 83(i) shall apply in determining which employees have a right to make an elec-tion under such section’’ before the semicolon at the end, and (ii) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION WITHQUALIFIED EQUITY  G
RANTS .—An option for which an election is made under section 83(i) with respect to the stock received in connection with its exercise shall not be considered as granted pursuant an employee stock purchase plan.’’. (2) E
XCLUSION FROM DEFINITION OF NON -
QUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN .— Subsection (d) of section 409A is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) TREATMENT OF QUALIFIED STOCK .—An ar- rangement under which an employee may re-ceive qualified stock (as defined in section 83(i)(2)) shall not be treated as a nonqualified deferred compensation plan with respect to such employee solely because of such employee’s elec-tion, or ability to make an election, to defer rec-ognition of income under section 83(i).’’. (d) I
NFORMATION REPORTING .—Section 6051(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (14)(B), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (15) and inserting a comma, and by inserting after paragraph (15) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(16) the amount includible in gross income under subparagraph (A) of section 83(i)(1) with respect to an event described in subparagraph (B) of such section which occurs in such cal-endar year, and ‘‘(17) the aggregate amount of income which is being deferred pursuant to elections under sec-tion 83(i), determined as of the close of the cal-endar year.’’. (e) P
ENALTY FOR FAILURE OF EMPLOYER TO  P
ROVIDE NOTICE OF TAXCONSEQUENCES .—Sec- tion 6652 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(p) F
AILURE TO PROVIDE NOTICE UNDER SEC-
TION 83(I).—In the case of each failure to pro-vide a notice as required by section 83(i)(6), at the time prescribed therefor, unless it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect, there shall be paid, on no-tice and demand of the Secretary and in the same manner as tax, by the person failing to provide such notice, an amount equal to $100 for each such failure, but the total amount imposed on such person for all such failures during any calendar year shall not exceed $50,000.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to stock attributable to options exer-cised, or restricted stock units settled, after De-cember 31, 2017. (2) R
EQUIREMENT TO PROVIDE NOTICE .—The amendments made by subsection (e) shall apply to failures after December 31, 2017. (g) T
RANSITION RULE.—Until such time as the Secretary (or the Secretary’s delegate) issues regulations or other guidance for purposes of implementing the requirements of paragraph (2)(C)(i)(II) of section 83(i) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 (as added by this section), or the requirements of paragraph (6) of such sec-tion, a corporation shall be treated as being in compliance with such requirements (respec-tively) if such corporation complies with a rea-sonable good faith interpretation of such re-quirements. 
SEC. 13604. INCREASE IN EXCISE TAX RATE FOR STOCK COMPENSATION OF INSIDERS IN EXPATRIATED CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4985(a)(1) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 1(h)(1)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(h)(1)(D)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to corporations first becoming expatriated corporations (as defined in section 4985 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) after the date of enactment of this Act. Subpart B—Retirement Plans 
SEC. 13611. REPEAL OF SPECIAL RULE PERMIT-TING RECHARACTERIZATION OF ROTH CONVERSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 408A(d)(6)(B) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) C
ONVERSIONS .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply in the case of a qualified rollover con-tribution to which subsection (d)(3) applies (in-cluding by reason of subparagraph (C) there-of).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10290 December 20, 2017 
SEC. 13612. MODIFICATION OF RULES APPLICA-BLE TO LENGTH OF SERVICE AWARD PLANS. 
(a) M AXIMUM DEFERRAL AMOUNT .—Clause (ii) of section 457(e)(11)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘$3,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,000’’. (b) C
OST OF LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—Subpara- graph (B) of section 457(e)(11) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) C
OST OF LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, the Secretary shall adjust the $6,000 amount under clause (ii) at the same time and in the same manner as under section 415(d), ex-cept that the base period shall be the calendar quarter beginning July 1, 2016, and any increase under this paragraph that is not a multiple of $500 shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $500.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION OF LIMITATION ON ACCRU-
ALS.—Subparagraph (B) of section 457(e)(11), as amended by subsection (b), is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) S
PECIAL RULE FOR APPLICATION OF LIMI -
TATION ON ACCRUALS FOR CERTAIN PLANS .—In the case of a plan described in subparagraph (A)(ii) which is a defined benefit plan (as de-fined in section 414(j)), the limitation under clause (ii) shall apply to the actuarial present value of the aggregate amount of length of serv-ice awards accruing with respect to any year of service. Such actuarial present value with re-spect to any year shall be calculated using rea-sonable actuarial assumptions and methods, as-suming payment will be made under the most valuable form of payment under the plan with payment commencing at the later of the earliest age at which unreduced benefits are payable under the plan or the participant’s age at the time of the calculation.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13613. EXTENDED ROLLOVER PERIOD FOR PLAN LOAN OFFSET AMOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (3) of section 402(c) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) R
OLLOVER OF CERTAIN PLAN LOAN OFFSET  
AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a qualified plan loan offset amount, paragraph (1) shall not apply to any transfer of such amount made after the due date (including extensions) for fil-ing the return of tax for the taxable year in which such amount is treated as distributed from a qualified employer plan. ‘‘(ii) Q
UALIFIED PLAN LOAN OFFSET AMOUNT .— For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘qualified plan loan offset amount’ means a plan loan offset amount which is treated as dis-tributed from a qualified employer plan to a participant or beneficiary solely by reason of— ‘‘(I) the termination of the qualified employer plan, or ‘‘(II) the failure to meet the repayment terms of the loan from such plan because of the sever-ance from employment of the participant. ‘‘(iii) P
LAN LOAN OFFSET AMOUNT .—For pur- poses of clause (ii), the term ‘plan loan offset amount’ means the amount by which the par-ticipant’s accrued benefit under the plan is re-duced in order to repay a loan from the plan. ‘‘(iv) L
IMITATION .—This subparagraph shall not apply to any plan loan offset amount unless such plan loan offset amount relates to a loan to which section 72(p)(1) does not apply by rea-son of section 72(p)(2). ‘‘(v) Q
UALIFIED EMPLOYER PLAN .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘qualified em-ployer plan’ has the meaning given such term by section 72(p)(4).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 402(c)(3) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘T
RANSFER MUST BE MADE  
WITHIN 60 DAYS OF RECEIPT ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘T
IME LIMIT ON TRANSFERS ’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ in sub-paragraph (A) and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (B) and (C)’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan loan offset amounts which are treated as distributed in tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART VIII—EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS 
SEC. 13701. EXCISE TAX BASED ON INVESTMENT INCOME OF PRIVATE COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘Subchapter H—Excise Tax Based on Invest-ment Income of Private Colleges and Uni-versities ‘‘Sec. 4968. Excise tax based on investment in-come of private colleges and uni-versities. 
‘‘SEC. 4968. EXCISE TAX BASED ON INVESTMENT INCOME OF PRIVATE COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES. 
‘‘(a) T AXIMPOSED .—There is hereby imposed on each applicable educational institution for the taxable year a tax equal to 1.4 percent of the net investment income of such institution for the taxable year. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICABLE EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION .— For purposes of this subchapter— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable edu-cational institution’ means an eligible edu-cational institution (as defined in section 25A(f)(2))— ‘‘(A) which had at least 500 students during the preceding taxable year, ‘‘(B) more than 50 percent of the students of which are located in the United States, ‘‘(C) which is not described in the first sen-tence of section 511(a)(2)(B) (relating to State colleges and universities), and ‘‘(D) the aggregate fair market value of the assets of which at the end of the preceding tax-able year (other than those assets which are used directly in carrying out the institution’s exempt purpose) is at least $500,000 per student of the institution. ‘‘(2) S
TUDENTS .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the number of students of an institution (in-cluding for purposes of determining the number of students at a particular location) shall be based on the daily average number of full-time students attending such institution (with part- time students taken into account on a full-time student equivalent basis). ‘‘(c) N
ETINVESTMENT INCOME .—For purposes of this section, net investment income shall be determined under rules similar to the rules of section 4940(c). ‘‘(d) A
SSETS AND NETINVESTMENT INCOME OF  R
ELATED ORGANIZATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subsections (b)(1)(C) and (c), assets and net investment in-come of any related organization with respect to an educational institution shall be treated as assets and net investment income, respectively, of the educational institution, except that— ‘‘(A) no such amount shall be taken into ac-count with respect to more than 1 educational institution, and ‘‘(B) unless such organization is controlled by such institution or is described in section 509(a)(3) with respect to such institution for the taxable year, assets and net investment income which are not intended or available for the use or benefit of the educational institution shall not be taken into account. ‘‘(2) R
ELATED ORGANIZATION .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘related organization’ means, with respect to an educational institu-tion, any organization which— ‘‘(A) controls, or is controlled by, such institu-tion, ‘‘(B) is controlled by 1 or more persons which also control such institution, or ‘‘(C) is a supported organization (as defined in section 509(f)(3)), or an organization de-scribed in section 509(a)(3), during the taxable year with respect to such institution.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sub-chapters for chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER H —EXCISE TAX BASED ON INVEST -
MENT INCOME OF PRIVATE COLLEGES AND UNI -
VERSITIES ’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13702. UNRELATED BUSINESS TAXABLE IN-COME SEPARATELY COMPUTED FOR EACH TRADE OR BUSINESS ACTIV-ITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 512 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ORGANIZATION WITH  
MORE THAN 1 UNRELATED TRADE OR BUSINESS .— In the case of any organization with more than 1 unrelated trade or business— ‘‘(A) unrelated business taxable income, in-cluding for purposes of determining any net op-erating loss deduction, shall be computed sepa-rately with respect to each such trade or busi-ness and without regard to subsection (b)(12), ‘‘(B) the unrelated business taxable income of such organization shall be the sum of the unre-lated business taxable income so computed with respect to each such trade or business, less a specific deduction under subsection (b)(12), and ‘‘(C) for purposes of subparagraph (B), unre-lated business taxable income with respect to any such trade or business shall not be less than zero.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except to the extent pro-vided in paragraph (2), the amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2017. (2) C
ARRYOVERS OF NET OPERATING LOSSES .—If any net operating loss arising in a taxable year beginning before January 1, 2018, is carried over to a taxable year beginning on or after such date— (A) subparagraph (A) of section 512(a)(6) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this Act, shall not apply to such net operating loss, and (B) the unrelated business taxable income of the organization, after the application of sub-paragraph (B) of such section, shall be reduced by the amount of such net operating loss. 
SEC. 13703. UNRELATED BUSINESS TAXABLE IN-COME INCREASED BY AMOUNT OF CERTAIN FRINGE BENEFIT EX-PENSES FOR WHICH DEDUCTION IS DISALLOWED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 512(a), as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) I
NCREASE IN UNRELATED BUSINESS TAX -
ABLE INCOME BY DISALLOWED FRINGE .—Unre- lated business taxable income of an organization shall be increased by any amount for which a deduction is not allowable under this chapter by reason of section 274 and which is paid or in-curred by such organization for any qualified transportation fringe (as defined in section 132(f)), any parking facility used in connection with qualified parking (as defined in section 132(f)(5)(C)), or any on-premises athletic facility (as defined in section 132(j)(4)(B)). The pre-ceding sentence shall not apply to the extent the amount paid or incurred is directly connected with an unrelated trade or business which is regularly carried on by the organization. The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this paragraph, in-cluding regulations or other guidance providing for the appropriate allocation of depreciation and other costs with respect to facilities used for parking or for on-premises athletic facilities.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13704. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR AMOUNTS PAID IN EXCHANGE FOR COLLEGE ATHLETIC EVENT SEATING RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 170(l) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10291 December 20, 2017 
(1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No deduction shall be al-lowed under this section for any amount de-scribed in paragraph (2).’’, and (2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘such amount would be allowable as a deduction under this section but for the fact that’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to contributions made in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13705. REPEAL OF SUBSTANTIATION EXCEP-TION IN CASE OF CONTRIBUTIONS REPORTED BY DONEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 170(f)(8) is amended by striking subparagraph (D) and by redesig-nating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (D). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to contributions made in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. PART IX—OTHER PROVISIONS Subpart A—Craft Beverage Modernization and Tax Reform 
SEC. 13801. PRODUCTION PERIOD FOR BEER, WINE, AND DISTILLED SPIRITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 263A(f) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5), and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION FOR AGING PROCESS OF BEER , 
WINE, AND DISTILLED SPIRITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the production period shall not include the aging period for— ‘‘(i) beer (as defined in section 5052(a)), ‘‘(ii) wine (as described in section 5041(a)), or ‘‘(iii) distilled spirits (as defined in section 5002(a)(8)), except such spirits that are unfit for use for beverage purposes. ‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION .—This paragraph shall not apply to interest costs paid or accrued after De-cember 31, 2019.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (5)(B)(ii) of section 263A(f), as redesignated by this section, is amended by inserting ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (4),’’ before ‘‘ending on the date’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to interest costs paid or accrued in calendar years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13802. REDUCED RATE OF EXCISE TAX ON BEER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 5051(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) I
MPOSITION OF TAX .—A tax is hereby im-posed on all beer brewed or produced, and re-moved for consumption or sale, within the United States, or imported into the United States. Except as provided in paragraph (2), the rate of such tax shall be the amount determined under this paragraph. ‘‘(B) R
ATE.—Except as provided in subpara-graph (C), the rate of tax shall be $18 for per barrel. ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE .—In the case of beer re-moved after December 31, 2017, and before Janu-ary 1, 2020, the rate of tax shall be— ‘‘(i) $16 on the first 6,000,000 barrels of beer— ‘‘(I) brewed by the brewer and removed during the calendar year for consumption or sale, or ‘‘(II) imported by the importer into the United States during the calendar year, and ‘‘(ii) $18 on any barrels of beer to which clause (i) does not apply. ‘‘(D) B
ARREL .—For purposes of this section, a barrel shall contain not more than 31 gallons of beer, and any tax imposed under this section shall be applied at a like rate for any other quantity or for fractional parts of a barrel.’’. (b) R
EDUCED RATE FOR CERTAIN DOMESTIC  P
RODUCTION .—Subparagraph (A) of section 5051(a)(2) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘$7 A BARREL ’’, and (2) by inserting ‘‘($3.50 in the case of beer re-moved after December 31, 2017, and before Janu-ary 1, 2020)’’ after ‘‘$7’’. (c) A
PPLICATION OF REDUCED TAXRATE FOR  F
OREIGN MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .— Subsection (a) of section 5051 is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C)(i)(II) of paragraph (1), as amended by subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘but only if the importer is an electing importer under paragraph (4) and the barrels have been assigned to the importer pursuant to such para-graph’’ after ‘‘during the calendar year’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) R
EDUCED TAX RATE FOR FOREIGN MANU -
FACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any barrels of beer which have been brewed or produced outside of the United States and imported into the United States, the rate of tax applicable under clause (i) of paragraph (1)(C) (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘reduced tax rate’) may be assigned by the brewer (provided that the brewer makes an election described in subpara-graph (B)(ii)) to any electing importer of such barrels pursuant to the requirements established by the Secretary under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
SSIGNMENT .—The Secretary shall, through such rules, regulations, and procedures as are determined appropriate, establish proce-dures for assignment of the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph, which shall in-clude— ‘‘(i) a limitation to ensure that the number of barrels of beer for which the reduced tax rate has been assigned by a brewer— ‘‘(I) to any importer does not exceed the num-ber of barrels of beer brewed or produced by such brewer during the calendar year which were imported into the United States by such importer, and ‘‘(II) to all importers does not exceed the 6,000,000 barrels to which the reduced tax rate applies, ‘‘(ii) procedures that allow the election of a brewer to assign and an importer to receive the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph, ‘‘(iii) requirements that the brewer provide any information as the Secretary determines necessary and appropriate for purposes of car-rying out this paragraph, and ‘‘(iv) procedures that allow for revocation of eligibility of the brewer and the importer for the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph in the case of any erroneous or fraudulent in-formation provided under clause (iii) which the Secretary deems to be material to qualifying for such reduced rate. ‘‘(C) C
ONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of this section, any importer making an election described in subparagraph (B)(ii) shall be deemed to be a member of the controlled group of the brewer, as described under paragraph (5).’’. (d) C
ONTROLLED GROUP AND SINGLE TAX-
PAYER RULES.—Subsection (a) of section 5051, as amended by this section, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking subparagraph (B), and (B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as sub-paragraph (B), and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) C
ONTROLLED GROUP AND SINGLE TAX -
PAYER RULES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), in the case of a controlled group, the 6,000,000 barrel quantity specified in paragraph (1)(C)(i) and the 2,000,000 barrel quantity specified in paragraph (2)(A) shall be applied to the controlled group, and the 6,000,000 barrel quantity specified in paragraph (1)(C)(i) and the 60,000 barrel quantity specified in paragraph (2)(A) shall be apportioned among the brewers who are members of such group in such manner as the Secretary or their delegate shall by regulations prescribe. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘controlled group’ has the meaning assigned to it by sub-section (a) of section 1563, except that for such purposes the phrase ‘more than 50 percent’ shall be substituted for the phrase ‘at least 80 percent’ in each place it appears in such subsection. Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, principles similar to the principles of the pre-ceding two sentences shall be applied to a group of brewers under common control where one or more of the brewers is not a corporation. ‘‘(B) FOREIGN MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORT -
ERS.—For purposes of paragraph (4), in the case of a controlled group, the 6,000,000 barrel quan-tity specified in paragraph (1)(C)(i) shall be ap-plied to the controlled group and apportioned among the members of such group in such man-ner as the Secretary shall by regulations pre-scribe. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘controlled group’ has the meaning given such term under subparagraph (A). Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, prin-ciples similar to the principles of the preceding two sentences shall be applied to a group of brewers under common control where one or more of the brewers is not a corporation. ‘‘(C) S
INGLE TAXPAYER .—Pursuant to rules issued by the Secretary, two or more entities (whether or not under common control) that produce beer marketed under a similar brand, li-cense, franchise, or other arrangement shall be treated as a single taxpayer for purposes of the application of this subsection.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to beer removed after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13803. TRANSFER OF BEER BETWEEN BOND-ED FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5414 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Beer may be removed’’ and in-serting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL —Beer may be re-moved’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) T
RANSFER OF BEERBETWEEN BONDED FA-
CILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beer may be removed from one bonded brewery to another bonded brewery, without payment of tax, and may be mingled with beer at the receiving brewery, subject to such conditions, including payment of the tax, and in such containers, as the Secretary by reg-ulations shall prescribe, which shall include— ‘‘(A) any removal from one brewery to another brewery belonging to the same brewer, ‘‘(B) any removal from a brewery owned by one corporation to a brewery owned by another corporation when— ‘‘(i) one such corporation owns the controlling interest in the other such corporation, or ‘‘(ii) the controlling interest in each such cor-poration is owned by the same person or per-sons, and ‘‘(C) any removal from one brewery to another brewery when— ‘‘(i) the proprietors of transferring and receiv-ing premises are independent of each other and neither has a proprietary interest, directly or in-directly, in the business of the other, and ‘‘(ii) the transferor has divested itself of all in-terest in the beer so transferred and the trans-feree has accepted responsibility for payment of the tax. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF LIABILITY FOR TAX .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(C), such relief from li-ability shall be effective from the time of re-moval from the transferor’s bonded premises, or from the time of divestment of interest, which-ever is later. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—This subsection shall not apply to any calendar quarter beginning after December 31, 2019.’’. (b) R
EMOVAL FROM BREWERY BY PIPELINE .— Section 5412 is amended by inserting ‘‘pursuant to section 5414 or’’ before ‘‘by pipeline’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any calendar quarters beginning after December 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10292 December 20, 2017 
SEC. 13804. REDUCED RATE OF EXCISE TAX ON CERTAIN WINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5041(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(8) S
PECIAL RULE FOR 2018 AND 2019 .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of wine re-moved after December 31, 2017, and before Janu-ary 1, 2020, paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply and there shall be allowed as a credit against any tax imposed by this title (other than chapters 2, 21, and 22) an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(i) $1 per wine gallon on the first 30,000 wine gallons of wine, plus ‘‘(ii) 90 cents per wine gallon on the first 100,000 wine gallons of wine to which clause (i) does not apply, plus ‘‘(iii) 53.5 cents per wine gallon on the first 620,000 wine gallons of wine to which clauses (i) and (ii) do not apply, which are produced by the producer and re-moved during the calendar year for consump-tion or sale, or which are imported by the im-porter into the United States during the cal-endar year. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT OF CREDIT FOR HARD  
CIDER .—In the case of wine described in sub-section (b)(6), subparagraph (A) of this para-graph shall be applied— ‘‘(i) in clause (i) of such subparagraph, by substituting ‘6.2 cents’ for ‘$1’, ‘‘(ii) in clause (ii) of such subparagraph, by substituting ‘5.6 cents’ for ‘90 cents’, and ‘‘(iii) in clause (iii) of such subparagraph, by substituting ‘3.3 cents’ for ‘53.5 cents’.’’, (b) C
ONTROLLED GROUP AND SINGLE TAXPAYER  R
ULES.—Paragraph (4) of section 5041(c) is amended by striking ‘‘section 5051(a)(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5051(a)(5)’’. (c) A
LLOWANCE OF CREDIT FOR FOREIGN MAN-
UFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .—Subsection (c) of section 5041, as amended by subsection (a), is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘but only if the importer is an electing importer under paragraph (9) and the wine gal-lons of wine have been assigned to the importer pursuant to such paragraph’’ after ‘‘into the United States during the calendar year’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) A
LLOWANCE OF CREDIT FOR FOREIGN MAN -
UFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any wine gallons of wine which have been produced out-side of the United States and imported into the United States, the credit allowable under para-graph (8) (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘tax credit’) may be assigned by the person who produced such wine (referred to in this para-graph as the ‘foreign producer’), provided that such person makes an election described in sub-paragraph (B)(ii), to any electing importer of such wine gallons pursuant to the requirements established by the Secretary under subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(B) A
SSIGNMENT .—The Secretary shall, through such rules, regulations, and procedures as are determined appropriate, establish proce-dures for assignment of the tax credit provided under this paragraph, which shall include— ‘‘(i) a limitation to ensure that the number of wine gallons of wine for which the tax credit has been assigned by a foreign producer— ‘‘(I) to any importer does not exceed the num-ber of wine gallons of wine produced by such foreign producer during the calendar year which were imported into the United States by such importer, and ‘‘(II) to all importers does not exceed the 750,000 wine gallons of wine to which the tax credit applies, ‘‘(ii) procedures that allow the election of a foreign producer to assign and an importer to receive the tax credit provided under this para-graph, ‘‘(iii) requirements that the foreign producer provide any information as the Secretary deter-mines necessary and appropriate for purposes of carrying out this paragraph, and ‘‘(iv) procedures that allow for revocation of eligibility of the foreign producer and the im-porter for the tax credit provided under this paragraph in the case of any erroneous or fraudulent information provided under clause (iii) which the Secretary deems to be material to qualifying for such credit. ‘‘(C) CONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of this section, any importer making an election described in subparagraph (B)(ii) shall be deemed to be a member of the controlled group of the foreign producer, as described under paragraph (4).’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to wine removed after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13805. ADJUSTMENT OF ALCOHOL CONTENT LEVEL FOR APPLICATION OF EXCISE TAX RATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 5041(b) are each amended by inserting ‘‘(16 percent in the case of wine removed after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2020’’ after ‘‘14 percent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to wine removed after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13806. DEFINITION OF MEAD AND LOW ALCO-HOL BY VOLUME WINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5041 is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Still wines’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (h), still wines’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) M
EAD AND LOWALCOHOL BY VOLUME  W
INE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subsections (a) and (b)(1), mead and low alcohol by volume wine shall be deemed to be still wines containing not more than 16 percent of alcohol by volume. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .— ‘‘(A) M
EAD.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘mead’ means a wine— ‘‘(i) containing not more than 0.64 gram of carbon dioxide per hundred milliliters of wine, except that the Secretary shall by regulations prescribe such tolerances to this limitation as may be reasonably necessary in good commercial practice, ‘‘(ii) which is derived solely from honey and water, ‘‘(iii) which contains no fruit product or fruit flavoring, and ‘‘(iv) which contains less than 8.5 percent al-cohol by volume. ‘‘(B) L
OW ALCOHOL BY VOLUME WINE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘low alcohol by volume wine’ means a wine— ‘‘(i) containing not more than 0.64 gram of carbon dioxide per hundred milliliters of wine, except that the Secretary shall by regulations prescribe such tolerances to this limitation as may be reasonably necessary in good commercial practice, ‘‘(ii) which is derived— ‘‘(I) primarily from grapes, or ‘‘(II) from grape juice concentrate and water, ‘‘(iii) which contains no fruit product or fruit flavoring other than grape, and ‘‘(iv) which contains less than 8.5 percent al-cohol by volume. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—This subsection shall not apply to wine removed after December 31, 2019.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to wine removed after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13807. REDUCED RATE OF EXCISE TAX ON CERTAIN DISTILLED SPIRITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5001 is amended by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d) and by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) R
EDUCED RATE FOR 2018 AND2019.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a distilled spirits operation, the otherwise applicable tax rate under subsection (a)(1) shall be— ‘‘(A) $2.70 per proof gallon on the first 100,000 proof gallons of distilled spirits, and ‘‘(B) $13.34 per proof gallon on the first 22,130,000 of proof gallons of distilled spirits to which subparagraph (A) does not apply, which have been distilled or processed by such operation and removed during the calendar year for consumption or sale, or which have been im-ported by the importer into the United States during the calendar year. ‘‘(2) C
ONTROLLED GROUPS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a controlled group, the proof gallon quantities specified under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) shall be applied to such group and appor-tioned among the members of such group in such manner as the Secretary or their delegate shall by regulations prescribe. ‘‘(B) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), the term ‘controlled group’ shall have the meaning given such term by subsection (a) of section 1563, except that ‘more than 50 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘at least 80 per-cent’ each place it appears in such subsection. ‘‘(C) R
ULES FOR NON -CORPORATIONS .—Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, prin-ciples similar to the principles of subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall be applied to a group under common control where one or more of the per-sons is not a corporation. ‘‘(D) S
INGLE TAXPAYER .—Pursuant to rules issued by the Secretary, two or more entities (whether or not under common control) that produce distilled spirits marketed under a simi-lar brand, license, franchise, or other arrange-ment shall be treated as a single taxpayer for purposes of the application of this subsection. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—This subsection shall not apply to distilled spirits removed after December 31, 2019.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7652(f)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 5001(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1) of section 5001, determined as if subsection (c)(1) of such section did not apply’’. (c) A
PPLICATION OF REDUCED TAXRATE FOR  F
OREIGN MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .— Subsection (c) of section 5001, as added by sub-section (a), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘but only if the importer is an electing importer under para-graph (3) and the proof gallons of distilled spir-its have been assigned to the importer pursuant to such paragraph’’ after ‘‘into the United States during the calendar year’’, and (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4) and by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) R
EDUCED TAX RATE FOR FOREIGN MANU -
FACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any proof gallons of distilled spirits which have been pro-duced outside of the United States and imported into the United States, the rate of tax applicable under paragraph (1) (referred to in this para-graph as the ‘reduced tax rate’) may be assigned by the distilled spirits operation (provided that such operation makes an election described in subparagraph (B)(ii)) to any electing importer of such proof gallons pursuant to the require-ments established by the Secretary under sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
SSIGNMENT .—The Secretary shall, through such rules, regulations, and procedures as are determined appropriate, establish proce-dures for assignment of the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph, which shall in-clude— ‘‘(i) a limitation to ensure that the number of proof gallons of distilled spirits for which the re-duced tax rate has been assigned by a distilled spirits operation— ‘‘(I) to any importer does not exceed the num-ber of proof gallons produced by such operation during the calendar year which were imported into the United States by such importer, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10293 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(II) to all importers does not exceed the 22,230,000 proof gallons of distilled spirits to which the reduced tax rate applies, ‘‘(ii) procedures that allow the election of a distilled spirits operation to assign and an im-porter to receive the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph, ‘‘(iii) requirements that the distilled spirits op-eration provide any information as the Sec-retary determines necessary and appropriate for purposes of carrying out this paragraph, and ‘‘(iv) procedures that allow for revocation of eligibility of the distilled spirits operation and the importer for the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph in the case of any erro-neous or fraudulent information provided under clause (iii) which the Secretary deems to be ma-terial to qualifying for such reduced rate. ‘‘(C) C
ONTROLLED GROUP .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this section, any importer making an election described in subparagraph (B)(ii) shall be deemed to be a member of the controlled group of the distilled spirits operation, as described under paragraph (2). ‘‘(ii) A
PPORTIONMENT .—For purposes of this paragraph, in the case of a controlled group, rules similar to section 5051(a)(5)(B) shall apply.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distilled spirits re-moved after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13808. BULK DISTILLED SPIRITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5212 is amended by adding at the end the following sentence: ‘‘In the case of distilled spirits transferred in bond after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2020, this section shall be applied without re-gard to whether distilled spirits are bulk dis-tilled spirits.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply distilled spirits trans-ferred in bond after December 31, 2017. Subpart B—Miscellaneous Provisions 
SEC. 13821. MODIFICATION OF TAX TREATMENT OF ALASKA NATIVE CORPORATIONS AND SETTLEMENT TRUSTS. 
(a) E XCLUSION FOR ANCSA P AYMENTS AS-
SIGNED TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLEMENT  T
RUSTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before section 140 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 139G. ASSIGNMENTS TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLEMENT TRUSTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a Native Corporation, gross income shall not include the value of any payments that would otherwise be made, or treated as being made, to such Native Corporation pursuant to, or as required by, any provision of the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), including any payment that would otherwise be made to a Vil-lage Corporation pursuant to section 7(j) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1606(j)), provided that any such payments— ‘‘(1) are assigned in writing to a Settlement Trust, and ‘‘(2) were not received by such Native Cor-poration prior to the assignment described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) I
NCLUSION IN GROSS INCOME .—In the case of a Settlement Trust which has been assigned payments described in subsection (a), gross in-come shall include such payments when received by such Settlement Trust pursuant to the as-signment and shall have the same character as if such payments were received by the Native Corporation. ‘‘(c) A
MOUNT AND SCOPE OF ASSIGNMENT .— The amount and scope of any assignment under subsection (a) shall be described with reasonable particularity and may either be in a percentage of one or more such payments or in a fixed dol-lar amount. ‘‘(d) D
URATION OF ASSIGNMENT ; R
EVOCABILITY .—Any assignment under sub-section (a) shall specify— ‘‘(1) a duration either in perpetuity or for a period of time, and ‘‘(2) whether such assignment is revocable. ‘‘(e) PROHIBITION ON DEDUCTION .—Notwith- standing section 247, no deduction shall be al-lowed to a Native Corporation for purposes of any amounts described in subsection (a). ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the terms ‘Native Corporation’ and ‘Settle-ment Trust’ have the same meaning given such terms under section 646(h).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before the item relat-ing to section 140 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 139G. Assignments to Alaska Native Set-tlement Trusts.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. (b) D
EDUCTION OF CONTRIBUTIONS TO ALASKA  N
ATIVE SETTLEMENT TRUSTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before section 248 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 247. CONTRIBUTIONS TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLEMENT TRUSTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a Native Corporation, there shall be allowed a deduction for any contributions made by such Native Cor-poration to a Settlement Trust (regardless of whether an election under section 646 is in effect for such Settlement Trust) for which the Native Corporation has made an annual election under subsection (e). ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT OF DEDUCTION .—The amount of the deduction under subsection (a) shall be equal to— ‘‘(1) in the case of a cash contribution (re-gardless of the method of payment, including currency, coins, money order, or check), the amount of such contribution, or ‘‘(2) in the case of a contribution not de-scribed in paragraph (1), the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the Native Corporation’s adjusted basis in the property contributed, or ‘‘(B) the fair market value of the property contributed. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION AND CARRYOVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the deduction allowed under subsection (a) for any taxable year shall not exceed the taxable income (as determined without regard to such deduction) of the Native Corporation for the taxable year in which the contribution was made. ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER .—If the aggregate amount of contributions described in subsection (a) for any taxable year exceeds the limitation under para-graph (1), such excess shall be treated as a con-tribution described in subsection (a) in each of the 15 succeeding years in order of time. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the terms ‘Native Corporation’ and ‘Settle-ment Trust’ have the same meaning given such terms under section 646(h). ‘‘(e) M
ANNER OF MAKING ELECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each taxable year, a Native Corporation may elect to have this sec-tion apply for such taxable year on the income tax return or an amendment or supplement to the return of the Native Corporation, with such election to have effect solely for such taxable year. ‘‘(2) R
EVOCATION .—Any election made by a Native Corporation pursuant to this subsection may be revoked pursuant to a timely filed amendment or supplement to the income tax re-turn of such Native Corporation. ‘‘(f) A
DDITIONAL RULES.— ‘‘(1) E
ARNINGS AND PROFITS .—Notwith- standing section 646(d)(2), in the case of a Na-tive Corporation which claims a deduction under this section for any taxable year, the earnings and profits of such Native Corporation for such taxable year shall be reduced by the amount of such deduction. ‘‘(2) GAIN OR LOSS .—No gain or loss shall be recognized by the Native Corporation with re-spect to a contribution of property for which a deduction is allowed under this section. ‘‘(3) I
NCOME .—Subject to subsection (g), a Set-tlement Trust shall include in income the amount of any deduction allowed under this section in the taxable year in which the Settle-ment Trust actually receives such contribution. ‘‘(4) P
ERIOD .—The holding period under sec-tion 1223 of the Settlement Trust shall include the period the property was held by the Native Corporation. ‘‘(5) B
ASIS.—The basis that a Settlement Trust has for which a deduction is allowed under this section shall be equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the adjusted basis of the Native Corpora-tion in such property immediately before such contribution, or ‘‘(B) the fair market value of the property im-mediately before such contribution. ‘‘(6) P
ROHIBITION .—No deduction shall be al-lowed under this section with respect to any contributions made to a Settlement Trust which are in violation of subsection (a)(2) or (c)(2) of section 39 of the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act (43 U.S.C. 1629e). ‘‘(g) E
LECTION BY SETTLEMENT TRUST TO  D
EFER INCOME RECOGNITION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a contribu-tion which consists of property other than cash, a Settlement Trust may elect to defer recognition of any income related to such property until the sale or exchange of such property, in whole or in part, by the Settlement Trust. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—In the case of property de-scribed in paragraph (1), any income or gain re-alized on the sale or exchange of such property shall be treated as— ‘‘(A) for such amount of the income or gain as is equal to or less than the amount of income which would be included in income at the time of contribution under subsection (f)(3) but for the taxpayer’s election under this subsection, ordinary income, and ‘‘(B) for any amounts of the income or gain which are in excess of the amount of income which would be included in income at the time of contribution under subsection (f)(3) but for the taxpayer’s election under this subsection, having the same character as if this subsection did not apply. ‘‘(3) E
LECTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For each taxable year, a Settlement Trust may elect to apply this sub-section for any property described in paragraph (1) which was contributed during such year. Any property to which the election applies shall be identified and described with reasonable par-ticularity on the income tax return or an amendment or supplement to the return of the Settlement Trust, with such election to have ef-fect solely for such taxable year. ‘‘(B) R
EVOCATION .—Any election made by a Settlement Trust pursuant to this subsection may be revoked pursuant to a timely filed amendment or supplement to the income tax re-turn of such Settlement Trust. ‘‘(C) C
ERTAIN DISPOSITIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any property for which an election is in effect under this sub-section and which is disposed of within the first taxable year subsequent to the taxable year in which such property was contributed to the Set-tlement Trust— ‘‘(I) this section shall be applied as if the elec-tion under this subsection had not been made, ‘‘(II) any income or gain which would have been included in the year of contribution under subsection (f)(3) but for the taxpayer’s election under this subsection shall be included in in-come for the taxable year of such contribution, and ‘‘(III) the Settlement Trust shall pay any in-crease in tax resulting from such inclusion, in-cluding any applicable interest, and increased by 10 percent of the amount of such increase with interest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10294 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(ii) A SSESSMENT .—Notwithstanding section 6501(a), any amount described in subclause (III) of clause (i) may be assessed, or a proceeding in court with respect to such amount may be initi-ated without assessment, within 4 years after the date on which the return making the elec-tion under this subsection for such property was filed.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before the item relat-ing to section 248 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 247. Contributions to Alaska Native Set-tlement Trusts.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to taxable years for which the period of limitation on refund or credit under section 6511 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 has not expired. (B) O
NE-YEAR WAIVER OF STATUTE OF LIMITA -
TIONS .—If the period of limitation on a credit or refund resulting from the amendments made by paragraph (1) expires before the end of the 1- year period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, refund or credit of such over-payment (to the extent attributable to such amendments) may, nevertheless, be made or al-lowed if claim therefor is filed before the close of such 1-year period. (c) I
NFORMATION REPORTING FOR DEDUCTIBLE  C
ONTRIBUTIONS TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLEMENT  T
RUSTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 6039H is amended— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
SPON -
SORING ’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) D
EDUCTIBLE CONTRIBUTIONS BY NATIVE  C
ORPORATIONS TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLEMENT  T
RUSTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any Native Corporation (as defined in subsection (m) of section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602(m))) which has made a contribution to a Settlement Trust (as defined in subsection (t) of such section) to which an election under sub-section (e) of section 247 applies shall provide such Settlement Trust with a statement regard-ing such election not later than January 31 of the calendar year subsequent to the calendar year in which the contribution was made. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENT OF STATEMENT .—The statement described in paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) the total amount of contributions to which the election under subsection (e) of sec-tion 247 applies, ‘‘(B) for each contribution, whether such con-tribution was in cash, ‘‘(C) for each contribution which consists of property other than cash, the date that such property was acquired by the Native Corpora-tion and the adjusted basis and fair market value of such property on the date such prop-erty was contributed to the Settlement Trust, ‘‘(D) the date on which each contribution was made to the Settlement Trust, and ‘‘(E) such information as the Secretary deter-mines to be necessary or appropriate for the identification of each contribution and the ac-curate inclusion of income relating to such con-tributions by the Settlement Trust.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item relat-ing to section 6039H in the table of sections for subpart A of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 6039H. Information With Respect to Alas-ka Native Settlement Trusts and Native Corporations.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 13822. AMOUNTS PAID FOR AIRCRAFT MAN-AGEMENT SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 4261 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) AMOUNTS PAID FOR AIRCRAFT MANAGE -
MENT SERVICES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—No tax shall be imposed by this section or section 4271 on any amounts paid by an aircraft owner for aircraft management services related to— ‘‘(i) maintenance and support of the aircraft owner’s aircraft, or ‘‘(ii) flights on the aircraft owner’s aircraft. ‘‘(B) A
IRCRAFT MANAGEMENT SERVICES .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘aircraft management services’ includes— ‘‘(i) assisting an aircraft owner with adminis-trative and support services, such as scheduling, flight planning, and weather forecasting, ‘‘(ii) obtaining insurance, ‘‘(iii) maintenance, storage and fueling of air-craft, ‘‘(iv) hiring, training, and provision of pilots and crew, ‘‘(v) establishing and complying with safety standards, and ‘‘(vi) such other services as are necessary to support flights operated by an aircraft owner. ‘‘(C) L
ESSEE TREATED AS AIRCRAFT OWNER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this para-graph, the term ‘aircraft owner’ includes a per-son who leases the aircraft other than under a disqualified lease. ‘‘(ii) D
ISQUALIFIED LEASE .—For purposes of clause (i), the term ‘disqualified lease’ means a lease from a person providing aircraft manage-ment services with respect to such aircraft (or a related person (within the meaning of section 465(b)(3)(C)) to the person providing such serv-ices), if such lease is for a term of 31 days or less. ‘‘(D) P
RO RATA ALLOCATION .—In the case of amounts paid to any person which (but for this subsection) are subject to the tax imposed by subsection (a), a portion of which consists of amounts described in subparagraph (A), this paragraph shall apply on a pro rata basis only to the portion which consists of amounts de-scribed in such subparagraph.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to amounts paid after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 13823. OPPORTUNITY ZONES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subchapter Z—Opportunity Zones ‘‘Sec. 1400Z–1. Designation. ‘‘Sec. 1400Z–2. Special rules for capital gains invested in opportunity zones. 
‘‘SEC. 1400Z–1. DESIGNATION. 
‘‘(a) Q UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE DE-
FINED .—For the purposes of this subchapter, the term ‘qualified opportunity zone’ means a popu-lation census tract that is a low-income commu-nity that is designated as a qualified oppor-tunity zone. ‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subsection (a), a population census tract that is a low-in-come community is designated as a qualified op-portunity zone if— ‘‘(A) not later than the end of the determina-tion period, the chief executive officer of the State in which the tract is located— ‘‘(i) nominates the tract for designation as a qualified opportunity zone, and ‘‘(ii) notifies the Secretary in writing of such nomination, and ‘‘(B) the Secretary certifies such nomination and designates such tract as a qualified oppor-tunity zone before the end of the consideration period. ‘‘(2) E
XTENSION OF PERIODS .—A chief execu-tive officer of a State may request that the Sec-retary extend either the determination or con-sideration period, or both (determined without regard to this subparagraph), for an additional 30 days. ‘‘(c) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(1) LOW-INCOME COMMUNITIES .—The term ‘low-income community’ has the same meaning as when used in section 45D(e). ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF PERIODS .— ‘‘(A) C
ONSIDERATION PERIOD .—The term ‘con-sideration period’ means the 30-day period be-ginning on the date on which the Secretary re-ceives notice under subsection (b)(1)(A)(ii), as extended under subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION PERIOD .—The term ‘de-termination period’ means the 90-day period be-ginning on the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as extended under subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(3) S
TATE.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘State’ includes any possession of the United States. ‘‘(d) N
UMBER OF DESIGNATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided by paragraph (2), the number of population census tracts in a State that may be designated as qualified opportunity zones under this section may not exceed 25 percent of the number of low- income communities in the State. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—If the number of low-income communities in a State is less than 100, then a total of 25 of such tracts may be designated as qualified opportunity zones. ‘‘(e) D
ESIGNATION OF TRACTS CONTIGUOUS  W
ITHLOW-INCOME COMMUNITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A population census tract that is not a low-income community may be des-ignated as a qualified opportunity zone under this section if— ‘‘(A) the tract is contiguous with the low-in-come community that is designated as a quali-fied opportunity zone, and ‘‘(B) the median family income of the tract does not exceed 125 percent of the median family income of the low-income community with which the tract is contiguous. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 5 percent of the population census tracts designated in a State as a qualified opportunity zone may be designated under paragraph (1). ‘‘(f) P
ERIOD FOR WHICH DESIGNATION ISI NEF-
FECT.—A designation as a qualified opportunity zone shall remain in effect for the period begin-ning on the date of the designation and ending at the close of the 10th calendar year beginning on or after such date of designation. 
‘‘SEC. 1400Z–2. SPECIAL RULES FOR CAPITAL GAINS INVESTED IN OPPORTUNITY ZONES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) T
REATMENT OF GAINS .—In the case of gain from the sale to, or exchange with, an un-related person of any property held by the tax-payer, at the election of the taxpayer— ‘‘(A) gross income for the taxable year shall not include so much of such gain as does not ex-ceed the aggregate amount invested by the tax-payer in a qualified opportunity fund during the 180-day period beginning on the date of such sale or exchange, ‘‘(B) the amount of gain excluded by subpara-graph (A) shall be included in gross income as provided by subsection (b), and ‘‘(C) subsection (c) shall apply. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION .—No election may be made under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) with respect to a sale or exchange if an election previously made with respect to such sale or exchange is in effect, or ‘‘(B) with respect to any sale or exchange after December 31, 2026. ‘‘(b) D
EFERRAL OF GAININVESTED IN OPPOR-
TUNITY ZONEPROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) Y
EAR OF INCLUSION .—Gain to which sub-section (a)(1)(B) applies shall be included in in-come in the taxable year which includes the ear-lier of— ‘‘(A) the date on which such investment is sold or exchanged, or ‘‘(B) December 31, 2026. ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT INCLUDIBLE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of gain in-cluded in gross income under subsection (a)(1)(A) shall be the excess of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10295 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(i) the lesser of the amount of gain excluded under paragraph (1) or the fair market value of the investment as determined as of the date de-scribed in paragraph (1), over ‘‘(ii) the taxpayer’s basis in the investment. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION OF BASIS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this clause or subsection (c), the tax-payer’s basis in the investment shall be zero. ‘‘(ii) I
NCREASE FOR GAIN RECOGNIZED UNDER  
SUBSECTION (a)(1)(B).—The basis in the invest-ment shall be increased by the amount of gain recognized by reason of subsection (a)(1)(B) with respect to such property. ‘‘(iii) I
NVESTMENTS HELD FOR 5 YEARS .—In the case of any investment held for at least 5 years, the basis of such investment shall be increased by an amount equal to 10 percent of the amount of gain deferred by reason of subsection (a)(1)(A). ‘‘(iv) I
NVESTMENTS HELD FOR 7 YEARS .—In the case of any investment held by the taxpayer for at least 7 years, in addition to any adjustment made under clause (iii), the basis of such prop-erty shall be increased by an amount equal to 5 percent of the amount of gain deferred by rea-son of subsection (a)(1)(A). ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR INVESTMENTS HELD 
FOR AT LEAST 10 Y EARS.—In the case of any in-vestment held by the taxpayer for at least 10 years and with respect to which the taxpayer makes an election under this clause, the basis of such property shall be equal to the fair market value of such investment on the date that the investment is sold or exchanged. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY FUND.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified oppor-tunity fund’ means any investment vehicle which is organized as a corporation or a part-nership for the purpose of investing in qualified opportunity zone property (other than another qualified opportunity fund) that holds at least 90 percent of its assets in qualified opportunity zone property, determined by the average of the percentage of qualified opportunity zone prop-erty held in the fund as measured— ‘‘(A) on the last day of the first 6-month pe-riod of the taxable year of the fund, and ‘‘(B) on the last day of the taxable year of the fund. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE PROP -
ERTY.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified oppor-tunity zone property’ means property which is— ‘‘(i) qualified opportunity zone stock, ‘‘(ii) qualified opportunity zone partnership interest, or ‘‘(iii) qualified opportunity zone business property. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE STOCK .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the term ‘qualified opportunity zone stock’ means any stock in a domestic corpora-tion if— ‘‘(I) such stock is acquired by the qualified opportunity fund after December 31, 2017, at its original issue (directly or through an under-writer) from the corporation solely in exchange for cash, ‘‘(II) as of the time such stock was issued, such corporation was a qualified opportunity zone business (or, in the case of a new corpora-tion, such corporation was being organized for purposes of being a qualified opportunity zone business), and ‘‘(III) during substantially all of the qualified opportunity fund’s holding period for such stock, such corporation qualified as a qualified opportunity zone business. ‘‘(ii) R
EDEMPTIONS .—A rule similar to the rule of section 1202(c)(3) shall apply for purposes of this paragraph. ‘‘(C) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE PARTNER -
SHIP INTEREST .—The term ‘qualified opportunity zone partnership interest’ means any capital or profits interest in a domestic partnership if— ‘‘(i) such interest is acquired by the qualified opportunity fund after December 31, 2017, from the partnership solely in exchange for cash, ‘‘(ii) as of the time such interest was acquired, such partnership was a qualified opportunity zone business (or, in the case of a new partner-ship, such partnership was being organized for purposes of being a qualified opportunity zone business), and ‘‘(iii) during substantially all of the qualified opportunity fund’s holding period for such in-terest, such partnership qualified as a qualified opportunity zone business. ‘‘(D) QUALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE BUSINESS  
PROPERTY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified oppor-tunity zone business property’ means tangible property used in a trade or business of the qualified opportunity fund if— ‘‘(I) such property was acquired by the quali-fied opportunity fund by purchase (as defined in section 179(d)(2)) after December 31, 2017, ‘‘(II) the original use of such property in the qualified opportunity zone commences with the qualified opportunity fund or the qualified op-portunity fund substantially improves the prop-erty, and ‘‘(III) during substantially all of the qualified opportunity fund’s holding period for such property, substantially all of the use of such property was in a qualified opportunity zone. ‘‘(ii) S
UBSTANTIAL IMPROVEMENT .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (A)(ii), property shall be treated as substantially improved by the quali-fied opportunity fund only if, during any 30- month period beginning after the date of acqui-sition of such property, additions to basis with respect to such property in the hands of the qualified opportunity fund exceed an amount equal to the adjusted basis of such property at the beginning of such 30-month period in the hands of the qualified opportunity fund. ‘‘(iii) R
ELATED PARTY .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A)(i), the related person rule of sec-tion 179(d)(2) shall be applied pursuant to para-graph (8) of this subsection in lieu of the appli-cation of such rule in section 179(d)(2)(A). ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE BUSI -
NESS.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified oppor-tunity zone business’ means a trade or busi-ness— ‘‘(i) in which substantially all of the tangible property owned or leased by the taxpayer is qualified opportunity zone business property (determined by substituting ‘qualified oppor-tunity zone business’ for ‘qualified opportunity fund’ each place it appears in paragraph (2)(D)), ‘‘(ii) which satisfies the requirements of para-graphs (2), (4), and (8) of section 1397C(b), and ‘‘(iii) which is not described in section 144(c)(6)(B). ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), tangible property that ceases to be a qualified opportunity zone business property shall continue to be treated as a qualified op-portunity zone business property for the lesser of— ‘‘(i) 5 years after the date on which such tan-gible property ceases to be so qualified, or ‘‘(ii) the date on which such tangible property is no longer held by the qualified opportunity zone business. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABLE RULES.— ‘‘(1) T
REATMENT OF INVESTMENTS WITH MIXED  
FUNDS .—In the case of any investment in a qualified opportunity fund only a portion of which consists of investments of gain to which an election under subsection (a) is in effect— ‘‘(A) such investment shall be treated as 2 sep-arate investments, consisting of— ‘‘(i) one investment that only includes amounts to which the election under subsection (a) applies, and ‘‘(ii) a separate investment consisting of other amounts, and ‘‘(B) subsections (a), (b), and (c) shall only apply to the investment described in subpara-graph (A)(i). ‘‘(2) R
ELATED PERSONS .—For purposes of this section, persons are related to each other if such persons are described in section 267(b) or 707(b)(1), determined by substituting ‘20 percent’ for ‘50 percent’ each place it occurs in such sec-tions. ‘‘(3) DECEDENTS .—In the case of a decedent, amounts recognized under this section shall, if not properly includible in the gross income of the decedent, be includible in gross income as provided by section 691. ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe such regulations as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section, including— ‘‘(A) rules for the certification of qualified op-portunity funds for the purposes of this section, ‘‘(B) rules to ensure a qualified opportunity fund has a reasonable period of time to reinvest the return of capital from investments in quali-fied opportunity zone stock and qualified oppor-tunity zone partnership interests, and to rein-vest proceeds received from the sale or disposi-tion of qualified opportunity zone property, and ‘‘(C) rules to prevent abuse. ‘‘(f) F
AILURE OF QUALIFIED OPPORTUNITY  F
UND TO MAINTAIN INVESTMENT STANDARD .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a qualified opportunity fund fails to meet the 90-percent requirement of subsection (c)(1), the qualified opportunity fund shall pay a penalty for each month it fails to meet the requirement in an amount equal to the product of— ‘‘(A) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the amount equal to 90 percent of its ag-gregate assets, over ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of qualified oppor-tunity zone property held by the fund, multi-plied by ‘‘(B) the underpayment rate established under section 6621(a)(2) for such month. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PARTNERSHIPS .—In the case that the qualified opportunity fund is a partnership, the penalty imposed by paragraph (1) shall be taken into account proportionately as part of the distributive share of each partner of the partnership. ‘‘(3) R
EASONABLE CAUSE EXCEPTION .—No pen- alty shall be imposed under this subsection with respect to any failure if it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause.’’. (b) B
ASIS ADJUSTMENTS .—Section 1016(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (36), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (37) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after paragraph (37) the following: ‘‘(38) to the extent provided in subsections (b)(2) and (c) of section 1400Z–2.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sub-chapters for chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER Z . OPPORTUNITY ZONES ’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—International Tax Provisions PART I—OUTBOUND TRANSACTIONS Subpart A—Establishment of Participation Exemption System for Taxation of Foreign Income 
SEC. 14101. DEDUCTION FOR FOREIGN-SOURCE PORTION OF DIVIDENDS RECEIVED BY DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS FROM SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOR-EIGN CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 245 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 245A. DEDUCTION FOR FOREIGN SOURCE- PORTION OF DIVIDENDS RECEIVED BY DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS FROM SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOR-EIGN CORPORATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any divi-dend received from a specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation by a domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder with re-spect to such foreign corporation, there shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10296 December 20, 2017 
allowed as a deduction an amount equal to the foreign-source portion of such dividend. ‘‘(b) S
PECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN  C
ORPORATION .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified 10-per-cent owned foreign corporation’ means any for-eign corporation with respect to which any do-mestic corporation is a United States share-holder with respect to such corporation. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION OF PASSIVE FOREIGN INVEST -
MENT COMPANIES .—Such term shall not include any corporation which is a passive foreign in-vestment company (as defined in section 1297) with respect to the shareholder and which is not a controlled foreign corporation. ‘‘(c) F
OREIGN -SOURCE PORTION .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The foreign-source portion of any dividend from a specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation is an amount which bears the same ratio to such dividend as— ‘‘(A) the undistributed foreign earnings of the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation, bears to ‘‘(B) the total undistributed earnings of such foreign corporation. ‘‘(2) U
NDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS .—The term ‘un-distributed earnings’ means the amount of the earnings and profits of the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation (computed in accord-ance with sections 964(a) and 986)— ‘‘(A) as of the close of the taxable year of the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation in which the dividend is distributed, and ‘‘(B) without diminution by reason of divi-dends distributed during such taxable year. ‘‘(3) U
NDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN EARNINGS .—The term ‘undistributed foreign earnings’ means the portion of the undistributed earnings which is attributable to neither— ‘‘(A) income described in subparagraph (A) of section 245(a)(5), nor ‘‘(B) dividends described in subparagraph (B) of such section (determined without regard to section 245(a)(12)). ‘‘(d) D
ISALLOWANCE OF FOREIGN TAXCREDIT , 
ETC.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No credit shall be allowed under section 901 for any taxes paid or accrued (or treated as paid or accrued) with respect to any dividend for which a deduction is allowed under this section. ‘‘(2) D
ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for any tax for which credit is not allowable under section 901 by reason of paragraph (1) (determined by treating the taxpayer as having elected the ben-efits of subpart A of part III of subchapter N). ‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULES FOR HYBRID DIVIDENDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to any dividend received by a United States shareholder from a controlled foreign cor-poration if the dividend is a hybrid dividend. ‘‘(2) H
YBRID DIVIDENDS OF TIERED CORPORA -
TIONS .—If a controlled foreign corporation with respect to which a domestic corporation is a United States shareholder receives a hybrid divi-dend from any other controlled foreign corpora-tion with respect to which such domestic cor-poration is also a United States shareholder, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this title— ‘‘(A) the hybrid dividend shall be treated for purposes of section 951(a)(1)(A) as subpart F in-come of the receiving controlled foreign corpora-tion for the taxable year of the controlled for-eign corporation in which the dividend was re-ceived, and ‘‘(B) the United States shareholder shall in-clude in gross income an amount equal to the shareholder’s pro rata share (determined in the same manner as under section 951(a)(2)) of the subpart F income described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) D
ENIAL OF FOREIGN TAX CREDIT , ETC.— The rules of subsection (d) shall apply to any hybrid dividend received by, or any amount in-cluded under paragraph (2) in the gross income of, a United States shareholder. ‘‘(4) HYBRID DIVIDEND .—The term ‘hybrid div-idend’ means an amount received from a con-trolled foreign corporation— ‘‘(A) for which a deduction would be allowed under subsection (a) but for this subsection, and ‘‘(B) for which the controlled foreign corpora-tion received a deduction (or other tax benefit) with respect to any income, war profits, or ex-cess profits taxes imposed by any foreign coun-try or possession of the United States. ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PURGING DISTRIBU -
TIONS OF PASSIVE FOREIGN INVESTMENT COMPA -
NIES.—Any amount which is treated as a divi-dend under section 1291(d)(2)(B) shall not be treated as a dividend for purposes of this sec-tion. ‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section, including regula-tions for the treatment of United States share-holders owning stock of a specified 10 percent owned foreign corporation through a partner-ship.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION OF HOLDING PERIOD RE-
QUIREMENT .—Subsection (c) of section 246 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or 245’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘245, or 245A’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES FOR FOREIGN SOURCE POR -
TION OF DIVIDENDS RECEIVED FROM SPECIFIED 10 - 
PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS .— ‘‘(A) 1-
YEAR HOLDING PERIOD REQUIREMENT .— For purposes of section 245A— ‘‘(i) paragraph (1)(A) shall be applied— ‘‘(I) by substituting ‘365 days’ for ‘45 days’ each place it appears, and ‘‘(II) by substituting ‘731-day period’ for ‘91- day period’, and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (2) shall not apply. ‘‘(B) S
TATUS MUST BE MAINTAINED DURING  
HOLDING PERIOD .—For purposes of applying paragraph (1) with respect to section 245A, the taxpayer shall be treated as holding the stock referred to in paragraph (1) for any period only if— ‘‘(i) the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation referred to in section 245A(a) is a specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation at all times during such period, and ‘‘(ii) the taxpayer is a United States share-holder with respect to such specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation at all times during such period.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION OF RULES GENERALLY APPLI-
CABLE TO DEDUCTIONS FOR DIVIDENDS RE-
CEIVED .— (1) T
REATMENT OF DIVIDENDS FROM CERTAIN  
CORPORATIONS .—Paragraph (1) of section 246(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and 245’’ and inserting ‘‘245, and 245A’’. (2) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 1059 .—Sub- paragraph (B) of section 1059(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘or 245’’ and inserting ‘‘245, or 245A’’. (d) C
OORDINATION WITHFOREIGN TAXCREDIT  L
IMITATION .—Subsection (b) of section 904 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF DIVIDENDS FOR WHICH DE -
DUCTION IS ALLOWED UNDER SECTION 245A .—For purposes of subsection (a), in the case of a do-mestic corporation which is a United States shareholder with respect to a specified 10-per-cent owned foreign corporation, such share-holder’s taxable income from sources without the United States (and entire taxable income) shall be determined without regard to— ‘‘(A) the foreign-source portion of any divi-dend received from such foreign corporation, and ‘‘(B) any deductions properly allocable or ap-portioned to— ‘‘(i) income (other than amounts includible under section 951(a)(1) or 951A(a)) with respect to stock of such specified 10-percent owned for-eign corporation, or ‘‘(ii) such stock to the extent income with re-spect to such stock is other than amounts in-cludible under section 951(a)(1) or 951A(a). Any term which is used in section 245A and in this paragraph shall have the same meaning for purposes of this paragraph as when used in such section.’’. (e) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Subsection (b) of section 951 is amended by striking ‘‘subpart’’ and inserting ‘‘title’’. (2) Subsection (a) of section 957 is amended by striking ‘‘subpart’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘title’’. (3) The table of sections for part VIII of sub-chapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 245 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 245A. Deduction for foreign source-por-tion of dividends received by do-mestic corporations from certain 10-percent owned foreign corpora-tions.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distributions made after (and, in the case of the amendments made by subsection (d), deductions with respect to taxable years ending after) December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14102. SPECIAL RULES RELATING TO SALES OR TRANSFERS INVOLVING SPECI-FIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS. 
(a) S ALES BY UNITED STATES PERSONS OF  S
TOCK .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1248 is amended by redesignating subsection (j) as subsection (k) and by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(j) C
OORDINATION WITHDIVIDENDS RECEIVED  D
EDUCTION .—In the case of the sale or exchange by a domestic corporation of stock in a foreign corporation held for 1 year or more, any amount received by the domestic corporation which is treated as a dividend by reason of this section shall be treated as a dividend for purposes of applying section 245A.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to sales or ex-changes after December 31, 2017. (b) B
ASIS IN SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED  F
OREIGN CORPORATION REDUCED BY NONTAXED  P
ORTION OF DIVIDEND FOR PURPOSES OF DETER-
MINING LOSS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 961 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) B
ASIS IN SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED  F
OREIGN CORPORATION REDUCED BY NONTAXED  P
ORTION OF DIVIDEND FOR PURPOSES OF DETER-
MINING LOSS.—If a domestic corporation re-ceived a dividend from a specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation (as defined in section 245A) in any taxable year, solely for purposes of determining loss on any disposition of stock of such foreign corporation in such taxable year or any subsequent taxable year, the basis of such domestic corporation in such stock shall be re-duced (but not below zero) by the amount of any deduction allowable to such domestic cor-poration under section 245A with respect to such stock except to the extent such basis was re-duced under section 1059 by reason of a divi-dend for which such a deduction was allow-able.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to distributions made after December 31, 2017. (c) S
ALE BY A CFC OF A LOWER TIERCFC.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 964(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH DIVIDENDS RECEIVED  
DEDUCTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, for any taxable year of a controlled foreign corporation beginning after December 31, 2017, any amount is treated as a dividend under paragraph (1) by reason of a sale or exchange by the controlled foreign cor-poration of stock in another foreign corporation held for 1 year or more, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this title— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10297 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(i) the foreign-source portion of such divi-dend shall be treated for purposes of section 951(a)(1)(A) as subpart F income of the selling controlled foreign corporation for such taxable year, ‘‘(ii) a United States shareholder with respect to the selling controlled foreign corporation shall include in gross income for the taxable year of the shareholder with or within which such taxable year of the controlled foreign cor-poration ends an amount equal to the share-holder’s pro rata share (determined in the same manner as under section 951(a)(2)) of the amount treated as subpart F income under clause (i), and ‘‘(iii) the deduction under section 245A(a) shall be allowable to the United States share-holder with respect to the subpart F income in-cluded in gross income under clause (ii) in the same manner as if such subpart F income were a dividend received by the shareholder from the selling controlled foreign corporation. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION OF BASIS OR SIMILAR AD -
JUSTMENT .—For purposes of this title, in the case of a sale or exchange by a controlled for-eign corporation of stock in another foreign cor-poration in a taxable year of the selling con-trolled foreign corporation beginning after De-cember 31, 2017, rules similar to the rules of sec-tion 961(d) shall apply. ‘‘(C) F
OREIGN -SOURCE PORTION .—For purposes of this paragraph, the foreign-source portion of any amount treated as a dividend under para-graph (1) shall be determined in the same man-ner as under section 245A(c).’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to sales or ex-changes after December 31, 2017. (d) T
REATMENT OF FOREIGN BRANCH LOSSES  T
RANSFERRED TO SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED  F
OREIGN CORPORATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part II of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 91. CERTAIN FOREIGN BRANCH LOSSES TRANSFERRED TO SPECIFIED 10- PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN COR-PORATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If a domestic corporation transfers substantially all of the assets of a for-eign branch (within the meaning of section 367(a)(3)(C), as in effect before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act) to a specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation (as defined in section 245A) with respect to which it is a United States shareholder after such transfer, such domestic corporation shall include in gross income for the taxable year which includes such transfer an amount equal to the transferred loss amount with respect to such transfer. ‘‘(b) T
RANSFERRED LOSSAMOUNT .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘transferred loss amount’ means, with respect to any transfer of substantially all of the assets of a foreign branch, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(1) the sum of losses— ‘‘(A) which were incurred by the foreign branch after December 31, 2017, and before the transfer, and ‘‘(B) with respect to which a deduction was allowed to the taxpayer, over ‘‘(2) the sum of— ‘‘(A) any taxable income of such branch for a taxable year after the taxable year in which the loss was incurred and through the close of the taxable year of the transfer, and ‘‘(B) any amount which is recognized under section 904(f)(3) on account of the transfer. ‘‘(c) R
EDUCTION FOR RECOGNIZED GAINS.—The transferred loss amount shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount of gain recog-nized by the taxpayer on account of the transfer (other than amounts taken into account under subsection (b)(2)(B)). ‘‘(d) S
OURCE OF INCOME .—Amounts included in gross income under this section shall be treat-ed as derived from sources within the United States. ‘‘(e) BASIS ADJUSTMENTS .—Consistent with such regulations or other guidance as the Sec-retary shall prescribe, proper adjustments shall be made in the adjusted basis of the taxpayer’s stock in the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation to which the transfer is made, and in the transferee’s adjusted basis in the property transferred, to reflect amounts included in gross income under this section.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for part II of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 91. Certain foreign branch losses trans-ferred to specified 10-percent owned foreign corporations.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to transfers after December 31, 2017. (4) T
RANSITION RULE .—The amount of gain taken into account under section 91(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this subsection, shall be reduced by the amount of gain which would be recognized under section 367(a)(3)(C) (determined without regard to the amendments made by subsection (e)) with re-spect to losses incurred before January 1, 2018. (e) R
EPEAL OF ACTIVE TRADE OR BUSINESS EX-
CEPTION UNDER SECTION 367.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 367(a) is amended by striking paragraph (3) and redesignating para-graphs (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respectively. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 367(a)(4), as redesignated by paragraph (1), is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘Paragraph (2)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘P
ARAGRAPHS (2) AND (3) ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘P
ARAGRAPH (2) ’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to transfers after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14103. TREATMENT OF DEFERRED FOREIGN INCOME UPON TRANSITION TO PAR-TICIPATION EXEMPTION SYSTEM OF TAXATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 965 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 965. TREATMENT OF DEFERRED FOREIGN INCOME UPON TRANSITION TO PAR-TICIPATION EXEMPTION SYSTEM OF TAXATION. 
‘‘(a) T REATMENT OF DEFERRED FOREIGN IN-
COME AS SUBPART F INCOME .—In the case of the last taxable year of a deferred foreign income corporation which begins before January 1, 2018, the subpart F income of such foreign cor-poration (as otherwise determined for such tax-able year under section 952) shall be increased by the greater of— ‘‘(1) the accumulated post-1986 deferred for-eign income of such corporation determined as of November 2, 2017, or ‘‘(2) the accumulated post-1986 deferred for-eign income of such corporation determined as of December 31, 2017. ‘‘(b) R
EDUCTION IN AMOUNTS INCLUDED IN  G
ROSS INCOME OF UNITED STATES SHARE -
HOLDERS OF SPECIFIED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS  W
ITHDEFICITS IN EARNINGS AND PROFITS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer which is a United States shareholder with re-spect to at least one deferred foreign income cor-poration and at least one E&P deficit foreign corporation, the amount which would (but for this subsection) be taken into account under section 951(a)(1) by reason of subsection (a) as such United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the subpart F income of each deferred foreign income corporation shall be reduced by the amount of such United States shareholder’s ag-gregate foreign E&P deficit which is allocated under paragraph (2) to such deferred foreign in-come corporation. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF AGGREGATE FOREIGN E&P  
DEFICIT .—The aggregate foreign E&P deficit of any United States shareholder shall be allocated among the deferred foreign income corporations of such United States shareholder in an amount which bears the same proportion to such aggre-gate as— ‘‘(A) such United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the accumulated post-1986 deferred foreign income of each such deferred foreign in-come corporation, bears to ‘‘(B) the aggregate of such United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the accumulated post-1986 deferred foreign income of all deferred foreign income corporations of such United States shareholder. ‘‘(3) DEFINITIONS RELATED TO E&P DEFICITS .— For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) A
GGREGATE FOREIGN E&P DEFICIT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘aggregate foreign E&P deficit’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder, the lesser of— ‘‘(I) the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata shares of the specified E&P deficits of the E&P deficit foreign corporations of such share-holder, or ‘‘(II) the amount determined under paragraph (2)(B). ‘‘(ii) A
LLOCATION OF DEFICIT .—If the amount described in clause (i)(II) is less than the amount described in clause (i)(I), then the shareholder shall designate, in such form and manner as the Secretary determines— ‘‘(I) the amount of the specified E&P deficit which is to be taken into account for each E&P deficit corporation with respect to the taxpayer, and ‘‘(II) in the case of an E&P deficit corporation which has a qualified deficit (as defined in sec-tion 952), the portion (if any) of the deficit taken into account under subclause (I) which is attributable to a qualified deficit, including the qualified activities to which such portion is at-tributable. ‘‘(B) E&P 
DEFICIT FOREIGN CORPORATION .— The term ‘E&P deficit foreign corporation’ means, with respect to any taxpayer, any speci-fied foreign corporation with respect to which such taxpayer is a United States shareholder, if, as of November 2, 2017— ‘‘(i) such specified foreign corporation has a deficit in post-1986 earnings and profits, ‘‘(ii) such corporation was a specified foreign corporation, and ‘‘(iii) such taxpayer was a United States shareholder of such corporation. ‘‘(C) S
PECIFIED E&P DEFICIT .—The term ‘speci-fied E&P deficit’ means, with respect to any E&P deficit foreign corporation, the amount of the deficit referred to in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF EARNINGS AND PROFITS IN  
FUTURE YEARS .— ‘‘(A) R
EDUCED EARNINGS AND PROFITS TREAT -
ED AS PREVIOUSLY TAXED INCOME WHEN DISTRIB -
UTED .—For purposes of applying section 959 in any taxable year beginning with the taxable year described in subsection (a), with respect to any United States shareholder of a deferred for-eign income corporation, an amount equal to such shareholder’s reduction under paragraph (1) which is allocated to such deferred foreign income corporation under this subsection shall be treated as an amount which was included in the gross income of such United States share-holder under section 951(a). ‘‘(B) E&P 
DEFICITS .—For purposes of this title, with respect to any taxable year beginning with the taxable year described in subsection (a), a United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the earnings and profits of any E&P deficit foreign corporation under this subsection shall be increased by the amount of the specified E&P deficit of such corporation taken into account by such shareholder under paragraph (1), and, for purposes of section 952, such increase shall be attributable to the same activity to which the deficit so taken into account was attributable. ‘‘(5) N
ETTING AMONG UNITED STATES SHARE -
HOLDERS IN SAME AFFILIATED GROUP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any affili-ated group which includes at least one E&P net 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10298 December 20, 2017 
surplus shareholder and one E&P net deficit shareholder, the amount which would (but for this paragraph) be taken into account under section 951(a)(1) by reason of subsection (a) by each such E&P net surplus shareholder shall be reduced (but not below zero) by such share-holder’s applicable share of the affiliated group’s aggregate unused E&P deficit. ‘‘(B) E&P 
NET SURPLUS SHAREHOLDER .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘E&P net surplus shareholder’ means any United States shareholder which would (determined without regard to this paragraph) take into account an amount greater than zero under section 951(a)(1) by reason of subsection (a). ‘‘(C) E&P 
NET DEFICIT SHAREHOLDER .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘E&P net deficit shareholder’ means any United States shareholder if— ‘‘(i) the aggregate foreign E&P deficit with re-spect to such shareholder (as defined in para-graph (3)(A) without regard to clause (i)(II) thereof), exceeds ‘‘(ii) the amount which would (but for this subsection) be taken into account by such shareholder under section 951(a)(1) by reason of subsection (a). ‘‘(D) A
GGREGATE UNUSED E&P DEFICIT .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘aggregate unused E&P deficit’ means, with respect to any affili-ated group, the lesser of— ‘‘(I) the sum of the excesses described in sub-paragraph (C), determined with respect to each E&P net deficit shareholder in such group, or ‘‘(II) the amount determined under subpara-graph (E)(ii). ‘‘(ii) R
EDUCTION WITH RESPECT TO E&P NET  
DEFICIT SHAREHOLDERS WHICH ARE NOT WHOLLY  
OWNED BY THE AFFILIATED GROUP .—If the group ownership percentage of any E&P net deficit shareholder is less than 100 percent, the amount of the excess described in subparagraph (C) which is taken into account under clause (i)(I) with respect to such E&P net deficit shareholder shall be such group ownership percentage of such amount. ‘‘(E) A
PPLICABLE SHARE .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘applicable share’ means, with respect to any E&P net surplus share-holder in any affiliated group, the amount which bears the same proportion to such group’s aggregate unused E&P deficit as— ‘‘(i) the product of— ‘‘(I) such shareholder’s group ownership per-centage, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the amount which would (but for this paragraph) be taken into account under section 951(a)(1) by reason of subsection (a) by such shareholder, bears to ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount determined under clause (i) with respect to all E&P net surplus shareholders in such group. ‘‘(F) G
ROUP OWNERSHIP PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘group ownership percentage’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder in any affiliated group, the percentage of the value of the stock of such United States shareholder which is held by other includible corporations in such affili-ated group. Notwithstanding the preceding sen-tence, the group ownership percentage of the common parent of the affiliated group is 100 per-cent. Any term used in this subparagraph which is also used in section 1504 shall have the same meaning as when used in such section. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION OF PARTICIPATION EXEMP -
TION TO INCLUDED INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a United States shareholder of a deferred foreign income corporation, there shall be allowed as a deduc-tion for the taxable year in which an amount is included in the gross income of such United States shareholder under section 951(a)(1) by reason of this section an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) the United States shareholder’s 8 percent rate equivalent percentage of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the amount so included as gross income, over ‘‘(ii) the amount of such United States share-holder’s aggregate foreign cash position, plus ‘‘(B) the United States shareholder’s 15.5 per-cent rate equivalent percentage of so much of the amount described in subparagraph (A)(ii) as does not exceed the amount described in sub-paragraph (A)(i). ‘‘(2) 8 AND 15 .5 PERCENT RATE EQUIVALENT PER -
CENTAGES .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) 8 
PERCENT RATE EQUIVALENT PERCENT -
AGE.—The term ‘8 percent rate equivalent per-centage’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder for any taxable year, the per-centage which would result in the amount to which such percentage applies being subject to a 8 percent rate of tax determined by only taking into account a deduction equal to such percent-age of such amount and the highest rate of tax specified in section 11 for such taxable year. In the case of any taxable year of a United States shareholder to which section 15 applies, the highest rate of tax under section 11 before the effective date of the change in rates and the highest rate of tax under section 11 after the ef-fective date of such change shall each be taken into account under the preceding sentence in the same proportions as the portion of such tax-able year which is before and after such effec-tive date, respectively. ‘‘(B) 15.5 
PERCENT RATE EQUIVALENT PERCENT -
AGE.—The term ‘15.5 percent rate equivalent percentage’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder for any taxable year, the per-centage determined under subparagraph (A) ap-plied by substituting ‘15.5 percent rate of tax’ for ‘8 percent rate of tax’. ‘‘(3) A
GGREGATE FOREIGN CASH POSITION .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘aggregate for-eign cash position’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder, the greater of— ‘‘(i) the aggregate of such United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the cash position of each specified foreign corporation of such United States shareholder determined as of the close of the last taxable year of such specified foreign corporation which begins before January 1, 2018, or ‘‘(ii) one half of the sum of— ‘‘(I) the aggregate described in clause (i) de-termined as of the close of the last taxable year of each such specified foreign corporation which ends before November 2, 2017, plus ‘‘(II) the aggregate described in clause (i) de-termined as of the close of the taxable year of each such specified foreign corporation which precedes the taxable year referred to in sub-clause (I). ‘‘(B) C
ASH POSITION .—For purposes of this paragraph, the cash position of any specified foreign corporation is the sum of— ‘‘(i) cash held by such foreign corporation, ‘‘(ii) the net accounts receivable of such for-eign corporation, plus ‘‘(iii) the fair market value of the following assets held by such corporation: ‘‘(I) Personal property which is of a type that is actively traded and for which there is an es-tablished financial market. ‘‘(II) Commercial paper, certificates of deposit, the securities of the Federal government and of any State or foreign government. ‘‘(III) Any foreign currency. ‘‘(IV) Any obligation with a term of less than one year. ‘‘(V) Any asset which the Secretary identifies as being economically equivalent to any asset described in this subparagraph. ‘‘(C) N
ET ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘net accounts receivable’ means, with respect to any specified foreign corporation, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) such corporation’s accounts receivable, over ‘‘(ii) such corporation’s accounts payable (de-termined consistent with the rules of section 461). ‘‘(D) PREVENTION OF DOUBLE COUNTING .— Cash positions of a specified foreign corporation described in clause (ii), (iii)(I), or (iii)(IV) of subparagraph (B) shall not be taken into ac-count by a United States shareholder under sub-paragraph (A) to the extent that such United States shareholder demonstrates to the satisfac-tion of the Secretary that such amount is so taken into account by such United States share-holder with respect to another specified foreign corporation. ‘‘(E) C
ASH POSITIONS OF CERTAIN NON -COR-
PORATE ENTITIES TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT .—An en- tity (other than a corporation) shall be treated as a specified foreign corporation of a United States shareholder for purposes of determining such United States shareholder’s aggregate for-eign cash position if any interest in such entity is held by a specified foreign corporation of such United States shareholder (determined after ap-plication of this subparagraph) and such entity would be a specified foreign corporation of such United States shareholder if such entity were a foreign corporation. ‘‘(F) A
NTI-ABUSE .—If the Secretary determines that a principal purpose of any transaction was to reduce the aggregate foreign cash position taken into account under this subsection, such transaction shall be disregarded for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(d) D
EFERRED FOREIGN INCOME CORPORA -
TION; ACCUMULATED POST-1986 D EFERRED FOR-
EIGN INCOME .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) D
EFERRED FOREIGN INCOME CORPORA -
TION.—The term ‘deferred foreign income cor-poration’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder, any specified foreign cor-poration of such United States shareholder which has accumulated post-1986 deferred for-eign income (as of the date referred to in para-graph (1) or (2) of subsection (a)) greater than zero. ‘‘(2) A
CCUMULATED POST -1986 DEFERRED FOR -
EIGN INCOME .—The term ‘accumulated post-1986 deferred foreign income’ means the post-1986 earnings and profits except to the extent such earnings— ‘‘(A) are attributable to income of the speci-fied foreign corporation which is effectively con-nected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States and subject to tax under this chapter, or ‘‘(B) in the case of a controlled foreign cor-poration, if distributed, would be excluded from the gross income of a United States shareholder under section 959. To the extent provided in regulations or other guidance prescribed by the Secretary, in the case of any controlled foreign corporation which has shareholders which are not United States shareholders, accumulated post-1986 deferred foreign income shall be appropriately reduced by amounts which would be described in sub-paragraph (B) if such shareholders were United States shareholders. ‘‘(3) P
OST-1986 EARNINGS AND PROFITS .—The term ‘post-1986 earnings and profits’ means the earnings and profits of the foreign corporation (computed in accordance with sections 964(a) and 986, and by only taking into account peri-ods when the foreign corporation was a speci-fied foreign corporation) accumulated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 1986, and de-termined— ‘‘(A) as of the date referred to in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a), whichever is applica-ble with respect to such foreign corporation, and ‘‘(B) without diminution by reason of divi-dends distributed during the taxable year de-scribed in subsection (a) other than dividends distributed to another specified foreign corpora-tion. ‘‘(e) S
PECIFIED FOREIGN CORPORATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘specified foreign corporation’ means— ‘‘(A) any controlled foreign corporation, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10299 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(B) any foreign corporation with respect to which one or more domestic corporations is a United States shareholder. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION TO CERTAIN FOREIGN COR -
PORATIONS .—For purposes of sections 951 and 961, a foreign corporation described in para-graph (1)(B) shall be treated as a controlled for-eign corporation solely for purposes of taking into account the subpart F income of such cor-poration under subsection (a) (and for purposes of applying subsection (f)). ‘‘(3) E
XCLUSION OF PASSIVE FOREIGN INVEST -
MENT COMPANIES .—Such term shall not include any corporation which is a passive foreign in-vestment company (as defined in section 1297) with respect to the shareholder and which is not a controlled foreign corporation. ‘‘(f) D
ETERMINATIONS OF PRORATASHARE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the determination of any United States shareholder’s pro rata share of any amount with respect to any specified foreign corporation shall be determined under rules similar to the rules of section 951(a)(2) by treating such amount in the same manner as subpart F income (and by treating such specified foreign corpora-tion as a controlled foreign corporation). ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES .—The portion which is in-cluded in the income of a United States share-holder under section 951(a)(1) by reason of sub-section (a) which is equal to the deduction al-lowed under subsection (c) by reason of such in-clusion— ‘‘(A) shall be treated as income exempt from tax for purposes of sections 705(a)(1)(B) and 1367(a)(1)(A), and ‘‘(B) shall not be treated as income exempt from tax for purposes of determining whether an adjustment shall be made to an accumulated ad-justment account under section 1368(e)(1)(A). ‘‘(g) D
ISALLOWANCE OF FOREIGN TAXCREDIT , 
ETC.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No credit shall be allowed under section 901 for the applicable percentage of any taxes paid or accrued (or treated as paid or accrued) with respect to any amount for which a deduction is allowed under this section. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘applicable percent-age’ means the amount (expressed as a percent-age) equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) 0.771 multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the excess to which subsection (c)(1)(A) applies, divided by ‘‘(ii) the sum of such excess plus the amount to which subsection (c)(1)(B) applies, plus ‘‘(B) 0.557 multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the amount to which subsection (c)(1)(B) applies, divided by ‘‘(ii) the sum described in subparagraph (A)(ii). ‘‘(3) D
ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for any tax for which credit is not allowable under section 901 by reason of paragraph (1) (determined by treating the taxpayer as having elected the ben-efits of subpart A of part III of subchapter N). ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 78 .—With re- spect to the taxes treated as paid or accrued by a domestic corporation with respect to amounts which are includible in gross income of such do-mestic corporation by reason of this section, sec-tion 78 shall apply only to so much of such taxes as bears the same proportion to the amount of such taxes as— ‘‘(A) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the amounts which are includible in gross income of such domestic corporation by reason of this section, over ‘‘(ii) the deduction allowable under subsection (c) with respect to such amounts, bears to ‘‘(B) such amounts. ‘‘(h) E
LECTION TO PAYLIABILITY IN INSTALL -
MENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a United States shareholder of a deferred foreign income corporation, such United States shareholder may elect to pay the net tax liability under this section in 8 installments of the following amounts: ‘‘(A) 8 percent of the net tax liability in the case of each of the first 5 of such installments, ‘‘(B) 15 percent of the net tax liability in the case of the 6th such installment, ‘‘(C) 20 percent of the net tax liability in the case of the 7th such installment, and ‘‘(D) 25 percent of the net tax liability in the case of the 8th such installment. ‘‘(2) DATE FOR PAYMENT OF INSTALLMENTS .—If an election is made under paragraph (1), the first installment shall be paid on the due date (determined without regard to any extension of time for filing the return) for the return of tax for the taxable year described in subsection (a) and each succeeding installment shall be paid on the due date (as so determined) for the re-turn of tax for the taxable year following the taxable year with respect to which the preceding installment was made. ‘‘(3) A
CCELERATION OF PAYMENT .—If there is an addition to tax for failure to timely pay any installment required under this subsection, a liq-uidation or sale of substantially all the assets of the taxpayer (including in a title 11 or similar case), a cessation of business by the taxpayer, or any similar circumstance, then the unpaid por-tion of all remaining installments shall be due on the date of such event (or in the case of a title 11 or similar case, the day before the peti-tion is filed). The preceding sentence shall not apply to the sale of substantially all the assets of a taxpayer to a buyer if such buyer enters into an agreement with the Secretary under which such buyer is liable for the remaining in-stallments due under this subsection in the same manner as if such buyer were the taxpayer. ‘‘(4) P
RORATION OF DEFICIENCY TO INSTALL -
MENTS .—If an election is made under paragraph (1) to pay the net tax liability under this section in installments and a deficiency has been as-sessed with respect to such net tax liability, the deficiency shall be prorated to the installments payable under paragraph (1). The part of the deficiency so prorated to any installment the date for payment of which has not arrived shall be collected at the same time as, and as a part of, such installment. The part of the deficiency so prorated to any installment the date for pay-ment of which has arrived shall be paid upon notice and demand from the Secretary. This subsection shall not apply if the deficiency is due to negligence, to intentional disregard of rules and regulations, or to fraud with intent to evade tax. ‘‘(5) E
LECTION .—Any election under para-graph (1) shall be made not later than the due date for the return of tax for the taxable year described in subsection (a) and shall be made in such manner as the Secretary shall provide. ‘‘(6) N
ET TAX LIABILITY UNDER THIS SECTION .— For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The net tax liability under this section with respect to any United States shareholder is the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) such taxpayer’s net income tax for the taxable year in which an amount is included in the gross income of such United States share-holder under section 951(a)(1) by reason of this section, over ‘‘(ii) such taxpayer’s net income tax for such taxable year determined— ‘‘(I) without regard to this section, and ‘‘(II) without regard to any income or deduc-tion properly attributable to a dividend received by such United States shareholder from any de-ferred foreign income corporation. ‘‘(B) N
ET INCOME TAX .—The term ‘net income tax’ means the regular tax liability reduced by the credits allowed under subparts A, B, and D of part IV of subchapter A. ‘‘(i) S
PECIAL RULES FOR S C ORPORATION  S
HAREHOLDERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any S cor-poration which is a United States shareholder of a deferred foreign income corporation, each shareholder of such S corporation may elect to defer payment of such shareholder’s net tax li-ability under this section with respect to such S corporation until the shareholder’s taxable year which includes the triggering event with respect to such liability. Any net tax liability payment of which is deferred under the preceding sen-tence shall be assessed on the return of tax as an addition to tax in the shareholder’s taxable year which includes such triggering event. ‘‘(2) TRIGGERING EVENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any share-holder’s net tax liability under this section with respect to any S corporation, the triggering event with respect to such liability is whichever of the following occurs first: ‘‘(i) Such corporation ceases to be an S cor-poration (determined as of the first day of the first taxable year that such corporation is not an S corporation). ‘‘(ii) A liquidation or sale of substantially all the assets of such S corporation (including in a title 11 or similar case), a cessation of business by such S corporation, such S corporation ceases to exist, or any similar circumstance. ‘‘(iii) A transfer of any share of stock in such S corporation by the taxpayer (including by rea-son of death, or otherwise). ‘‘(B) P
ARTIAL TRANSFERS OF STOCK .—In the case of a transfer of less than all of the tax-payer’s shares of stock in the S corporation, such transfer shall only be a triggering event with respect to so much of the taxpayer’s net tax liability under this section with respect to such S corporation as is properly allocable to such stock. ‘‘(C) T
RANSFER OF LIABILITY .—A transfer de-scribed in clause (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall not be treated as a triggering event if the trans-feree enters into an agreement with the Sec-retary under which such transferee is liable for net tax liability with respect to such stock in the same manner as if such transferee were the tax-payer. ‘‘(3) N
ET TAX LIABILITY .—A shareholder’s net tax liability under this section with respect to any S corporation is the net tax liability under this section which would be determined under subsection (h)(6) if the only subpart F income taken into account by such shareholder by rea-son of this section were allocations from such S corporation. ‘‘(4) E
LECTION TO PAY DEFERRED LIABILITY IN  
INSTALLMENTS .—In the case of a taxpayer which elects to defer payment under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) subsection (h) shall be applied separately with respect to the liability to which such elec-tion applies, ‘‘(B) an election under subsection (h) with re-spect to such liability shall be treated as timely made if made not later than the due date for the return of tax for the taxable year in which the triggering event with respect to such liability oc-curs, ‘‘(C) the first installment under subsection (h) with respect to such liability shall be paid not later than such due date (but determined with-out regard to any extension of time for filing the return), and ‘‘(D) if the triggering event with respect to any net tax liability is described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii), an election under subsection (h) with respect to such liability may be made only with the consent of the Secretary. ‘‘(5) J
OINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY OF S COR -
PORATION .—If any shareholder of an S corpora-tion elects to defer payment under paragraph (1), such S corporation shall be jointly and sev-erally liable for such payment and any penalty, addition to tax, or additional amount attrib-utable thereto. ‘‘(6) E
XTENSION OF LIMITATION ON COLLEC -
TION.—Any limitation on the time period for the collection of a liability deferred under this sub-section shall not be treated as beginning before the date of the triggering event with respect to such liability. ‘‘(7) A
NNUAL REPORTING OF NET TAX LIABIL -
ITY.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10300 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any shareholder of an S corporation which makes an election under paragraph (1) shall report the amount of such shareholder’s deferred net tax liability on such shareholder’s return of tax for the taxable year for which such election is made and on the re-turn of tax for each taxable year thereafter until such amount has been fully assessed on such returns. ‘‘(B) D
EFERRED NET TAX LIABILITY .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘deferred net tax liability’ means, with respect to any taxable year, the amount of net tax liability payment of which has been deferred under paragraph (1) and which has not been assessed on a return of tax for any prior taxable year. ‘‘(C) F
AILURE TO REPORT .—In the case of any failure to report any amount required to be re-ported under subparagraph (A) with respect to any taxable year before the due date for the re-turn of tax for such taxable year, there shall be assessed on such return as an addition to tax 5 percent of such amount. ‘‘(8) E
LECTION .—Any election under para-graph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall be made by the shareholder of the S corporation not later than the due date for such shareholder’s return of tax for the taxable year which includes the close of the taxable year of such S corporation in which the amount described in subsection (a) is taken into ac-count, and ‘‘(B) shall be made in such manner as the Sec-retary shall provide. ‘‘(j) R
EPORTING BY S CORPORATION .—Each S corporation which is a United States share-holder of a specified foreign corporation shall report in its return of tax under section 6037(a) the amount includible in its gross income for such taxable year by reason of this section and the amount of the deduction allowable by sub-section (c). Any copy provided to a shareholder under section 6037(b) shall include a statement of such shareholder’s pro rata share of such amounts. ‘‘(k) E
XTENSION OF LIMITATION ON ASSESS -
MENT .—Notwithstanding section 6501, the limi-tation on the time period for the assessment of the net tax liability under this section (as de-fined in subsection (h)(6)) shall not expire before the date that is 6 years after the return for the taxable year described in such subsection was filed. ‘‘(l) R
ECAPTURE FOR EXPATRIATED ENTITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a deduction is allowed under subsection (c) to a United States share-holder and such shareholder first becomes an expatriated entity at any time during the 10- year period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (with respect to a surrogate foreign corporation which first becomes a surrogate foreign corporation during such period), then— ‘‘(A) the tax imposed by this chapter shall be increased for the first taxable year in which such taxpayer becomes an expatriated entity by an amount equal to 35 percent of the amount of the deduction allowed under subsection (c), and ‘‘(B) no credits shall be allowed against the increase in tax under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) E
XPATRIATED ENTITY .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘expatriated entity’ has the same meaning given such term under section 7874(a)(2), except that such term shall not in-clude an entity if the surrogate foreign corpora-tion with respect to the entity is treated as a do-mestic corporation under section 7874(b). ‘‘(3) S
URROGATE FOREIGN CORPORATION .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘surrogate foreign corporation’ has the meaning given such term in section 7874(a)(2)(B). ‘‘(m) S
PECIAL RULES FOR UNITED STATES  S
HAREHOLDERS WHICH AREREAL ESTATE IN-
VESTMENT TRUSTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a real estate investment trust is a United States shareholder in 1 or more deferred foreign income corporations— ‘‘(A) any amount required to be taken into ac-count under section 951(a)(1) by reason of this section shall not be taken into account as gross income of the real estate investment trust for purposes of applying paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 856(c) to any taxable year for which such amount is taken into account under sec-tion 951(a)(1), and ‘‘(B) if the real estate investment trust elects the application of this subparagraph, notwith-standing subsection (a), any amount required to be taken into account under section 951(a)(1) by reason of this section shall, in lieu of the tax-able year in which it would otherwise be in-cluded in gross income (for purposes of the com-putation of real estate investment trust taxable income under section 857(b)), be included in gross income as follows: ‘‘(i) 8 percent of such amount in the case of each of the taxable years in the 5-taxable year period beginning with the taxable year in which such amount would otherwise be included. ‘‘(ii) 15 percent of such amount in the case of the 1st taxable year following such period. ‘‘(iii) 20 percent of such amount in the case of the 2nd taxable year following such period. ‘‘(iv) 25 percent of such amount in the case of the 3rd taxable year following such period. ‘‘(2) RULES FOR TRUSTS ELECTING DEFERRED  
INCLUSION .— ‘‘(A) E
LECTION .—Any election under para-graph (1)(B) shall be made not later than the due date for the first taxable year in the 5-tax-able year period described in clause (i) of para-graph (1)(B) and shall be made in such manner as the Secretary shall provide. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULES .—If an election under paragraph (1)(B) is in effect with respect to any real estate investment trust, the following rules shall apply: ‘‘(i) A
PPLICATION OF PARTICIPATION EXEMP -
TION.—For purposes of subsection (c)(1)— ‘‘(I) the aggregate amount to which subpara-graph (A) or (B) of subsection (c)(1) applies shall be determined without regard to the elec-tion, ‘‘(II) each such aggregate amount shall be al-located to each taxable year described in para-graph (1)(B) in the same proportion as the amount included in the gross income of such United States shareholder under section 951(a)(1) by reason of this section is allocated to each such taxable year. ‘‘(III) N
O INSTALLMENT PAYMENTS .—The real estate investment trust may not make an elec-tion under subsection (g) for any taxable year described in paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(ii) A
CCELERATION OF INCLUSION .—If there is a liquidation or sale of substantially all the as-sets of the real estate investment trust (includ-ing in a title 11 or similar case), a cessation of business by such trust, or any similar cir-cumstance, then any amount not yet included in gross income under paragraph (1)(B) shall be in-cluded in gross income as of the day before the date of the event and the unpaid portion of any tax liability with respect to such inclusion shall be due on the date of such event (or in the case of a title 11 or similar case, the day before the petition is filed). ‘‘(n) E
LECTION NOT TO APPLY NETOPERATING  L
OSSDEDUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a United States share-holder of a deferred foreign income corporation elects the application of this subsection for the taxable year described in subsection (a), then the amount described in paragraph (2) shall not be taken into account— ‘‘(A) in determining the amount of the net op-erating loss deduction under section 172 of such shareholder for such taxable year, or ‘‘(B) in determining the amount of taxable in-come for such taxable year which may be re-duced by net operating loss carryovers or carrybacks to such taxable year under section 172. ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT DESCRIBED .—The amount de-scribed in this paragraph is the sum of— ‘‘(A) the amount required to be taken into ac-count under section 951(a)(1) by reason of this section (determined after the application of sub-section (c)), plus ‘‘(B) in the case of a domestic corporation which chooses to have the benefits of subpart A of part III of subchapter N for the taxable year, the taxes deemed to be paid by such corporation under subsections (a) and (b) of section 960 for such taxable year with respect to the amount described in subparagraph (A) which are treated as a dividends under section 78. ‘‘(3) ELECTION .—Any election under this sub-section shall be made not later than the due date (including extensions) for filing the return of tax for the taxable year and shall be made in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe. ‘‘(o) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section, including— ‘‘(1) regulations or other guidance to provide appropriate basis adjustments, and ‘‘(2) regulations or other guidance to prevent the avoidance of the purposes of this section, in-cluding through a reduction in earnings and profits, through changes in entity classification or accounting methods, or otherwise.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 965 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 965. Treatment of deferred foreign income upon transition to participation exemption system of taxation.’’. Subpart B—Rules Related to Passive and Mobile Income CHAPTER 1—TAXATION OF FOREIGN-DE-RIVED INTANGIBLE INCOME AND GLOB-AL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED INCOME 
SEC. 14201. CURRENT YEAR INCLUSION OF GLOB-AL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED INCOME BY UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart F of part III of sub-chapter N of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 951 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 951A. GLOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED IN-COME INCLUDED IN GROSS INCOME OF UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each person who is a United States shareholder of any controlled for-eign corporation for any taxable year of such United States shareholder shall include in gross income such shareholder’s global intangible low- taxed income for such taxable year. ‘‘(b) G
LOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED IN-
COME .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘global intangible low-taxed income’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder for any taxable year of such United States shareholder, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) such shareholder’s net CFC tested in-come for such taxable year, over ‘‘(B) such shareholder’s net deemed tangible income return for such taxable year. ‘‘(2) N
ET DEEMED TANGIBLE INCOME RETURN .— The term ‘net deemed tangible income return’ means, with respect to any United States share-holder for any taxable year, the excess of— ‘‘(A) 10 percent of the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata share of the qualified business asset investment of each controlled for-eign corporation with respect to which such shareholder is a United States shareholder for such taxable year (determined for each taxable year of each such controlled foreign corporation which ends in or with such taxable year of such United States shareholder), over ‘‘(B) the amount of interest expense taken into account under subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii) in de-termining the shareholder’s net CFC tested in-come for the taxable year to the extent the inter-est income attributable to such expense is not taken into account in determining such share-holder’s net CFC tested income. ‘‘(c) N
ETCFC T ESTED INCOME .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘net CFC tested income’ means, with respect to any United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10301 December 20, 2017 
States shareholder for any taxable year of such United States shareholder, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata share of the tested income of each con-trolled foreign corporation with respect to which such shareholder is a United States shareholder for such taxable year of such United States shareholder (determined for each taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation which ends in or with such taxable year of such United States shareholder), over ‘‘(B) the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata share of the tested loss of each controlled foreign corporation with respect to which such shareholder is a United States shareholder for such taxable year of such United States share-holder (determined for each taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation which ends in or with such taxable year of such United States shareholder). ‘‘(2) T
ESTED INCOME ; TESTED LOSS .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(A) T
ESTED INCOME .—The term ‘tested in-come’ means, with respect to any controlled for-eign corporation for any taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the gross income of such corporation de-termined without regard to— ‘‘(I) any item of income described in section 952(b), ‘‘(II) any gross income taken into account in determining the subpart F income of such cor-poration, ‘‘(III) any gross income excluded from the for-eign base company income (as defined in section 954) and the insurance income (as defined in section 953) of such corporation by reason of section 954(b)(4), ‘‘(IV) any dividend received from a related person (as defined in section 954(d)(3)), and ‘‘(V) any foreign oil and gas extraction in-come (as defined in section 907(c)(1)) of such corporation, over ‘‘(ii) the deductions (including taxes) properly allocable to such gross income under rules simi-lar to the rules of section 954(b)(5) (or to which such deductions would be allocable if there were such gross income). ‘‘(B) T
ESTED LOSS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘tested loss’ means, with respect to any controlled foreign corporation for any taxable year of such con-trolled foreign corporation, the excess (if any) of the amount described in subparagraph (A)(ii) over the amount described in subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(ii) C
OORDINATION WITH SUBPART F TO DENY  
DOUBLE BENEFIT OF LOSSES .—Section 952(c)(1)(A) shall be applied by increasing the earnings and profits of the controlled foreign corporation by the tested loss of such corpora-tion. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS ASSET INVEST -
MENT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified busi-ness asset investment’ means, with respect to any controlled foreign corporation for any tax-able year, the average of such corporation’s ag-gregate adjusted bases as of the close of each quarter of such taxable year in specified tan-gible property— ‘‘(A) used in a trade or business of the cor-poration, and ‘‘(B) of a type with respect to which a deduc-tion is allowable under section 167. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED TANGIBLE PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified tan-gible property’ means, except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), any tangible property used in the production of tested income. ‘‘(B) D
UAL USE PROPERTY .—In the case of property used both in the production of tested income and income which is not tested income, such property shall be treated as specified tan-gible property in the same proportion that the gross income described in subsection (c)(1)(A) produced with respect to such property bears to the total gross income produced with respect to such property. ‘‘(3) DETERMINATION OF ADJUSTED BASIS .—For purposes of this subsection, notwithstanding any provision of this title (or any other provi-sion of law) which is enacted after the date of the enactment of this section, the adjusted basis in any property shall be determined— ‘‘(A) by using the alternative depreciation sys-tem under section 168(g), and ‘‘(B) by allocating the depreciation deduction with respect to such property ratably to each day during the period in the taxable year to which such depreciation relates. ‘‘(3) P
ARTNERSHIP PROPERTY .—For purposes of this subsection, if a controlled foreign corpora-tion holds an interest in a partnership at the close of such taxable year of the controlled for-eign corporation, such controlled foreign cor-poration shall take into account under para-graph (1) the controlled foreign corporation’s distributive share of the aggregate of the part-nership’s adjusted bases (determined as of such date in the hands of the partnership) in tangible property held by such partnership to the extent such property— ‘‘(A) is used in the trade or business of the partnership, ‘‘(B) is of a type with respect to which a de-duction is allowable under section 167, and ‘‘(C) is used in the production of tested income (determined with respect to such controlled for-eign corporation’s distributive share of income with respect to such property). For purposes of this paragraph, the controlled foreign corporation’s distributive share of the adjusted basis of any property shall be the con-trolled foreign corporation’s distributive share of income with respect to such property. ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as the Sec-retary determines appropriate to prevent the avoidance of the purposes of this subsection, in-cluding regulations or other guidance which provide for the treatment of property if— ‘‘(A) such property is transferred, or held, temporarily, or ‘‘(B) the avoidance of the purposes of this paragraph is a factor in the transfer or holding of such property. ‘‘(e) D
ETERMINATION OF PRORATA SHARE , 
ETC.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The pro rata shares re-ferred to in subsections (b), (c)(1)(A), and (c)(1)(B), respectively, shall be determined under the rules of section 951(a)(2) in the same manner as such section applies to subpart F income and shall be taken into account in the taxable year of the United States shareholder in which or with which the taxable year of the controlled foreign corporation ends. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AS UNITED STATES SHARE -
HOLDER .—A person shall be treated as a United States shareholder of a controlled foreign cor-poration for any taxable year of such person only if such person owns (within the meaning of section 958(a)) stock in such foreign corporation on the last day in the taxable year of such for-eign corporation on which such foreign corpora-tion is a controlled foreign corporation. ‘‘(3) T
REATMENT AS CONTROLLED FOREIGN COR -
PORATION .—A foreign corporation shall be treat-ed as a controlled foreign corporation for any taxable year if such foreign corporation is a controlled foreign corporation at any time dur-ing such taxable year. ‘‘(f) T
REATMENT AS SUBPART F INCOME FOR  C
ERTAIN PURPOSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), any global intangible low- taxed income included in gross income under subsection (a) shall be treated in the same man-ner as an amount included under section 951(a)(1)(A) for purposes of applying sections 168(h)(2)(B), 535(b)(10), 851(b), 904(h)(1), 959, 961, 962, 993(a)(1)(E), 996(f)(1), 1248(b)(1), 1248(d)(1), 6501(e)(1)(C), 6654(d)(2)(D), and 6655(e)(4). ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION .—The Secretary shall provide rules for the application of subparagraph (A) to other provisions of this title in any case in which the determination of subpart F income is required to be made at the level of the controlled foreign corporation. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF GLOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW - 
TAXED INCOME TO CONTROLLED FOREIGN COR -
PORATIONS .—For purposes of the sections re-ferred to in paragraph (1), with respect to any controlled foreign corporation any pro rata amount from which is taken into account in de-termining the global intangible low-taxed in-come included in gross income of a United States shareholder under subsection (a), the portion of such global intangible low-taxed income which is treated as being with respect to such con-trolled foreign corporation is— ‘‘(A) in the case of a controlled foreign cor-poration with no tested income, zero, and ‘‘(B) in the case of a controlled foreign cor-poration with tested income, the portion of such global intangible low-taxed income which bears the same ratio to such global intangible low- taxed income as— ‘‘(i) such United States shareholder’s pro rata amount of the tested income of such controlled foreign corporation, bears to ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount described in sub-section (c)(1)(A) with respect to such United States shareholder.’’. (b) F
OREIGN TAXCREDIT .— (1) A
PPLICATION OF DEEMED PAID FOREIGN TAX  
CREDIT .—Section 960 is amended adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EEMED PAIDCREDIT FOR TAXES PROP-
ERLY ATTRIBUTABLE TO TESTED INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subpart A of this part, if any amount is includible in the gross income of a domestic corporation under section 951A, such domestic corporation shall be deemed to have paid foreign income taxes equal to 80 percent of the product of— ‘‘(A) such domestic corporation’s inclusion percentage, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the aggregate tested foreign income taxes paid or accrued by controlled foreign corpora-tions. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSION PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘inclusion percentage’ means, with respect to any domestic corpora-tion, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of— ‘‘(A) such corporation’s global intangible low- taxed income (as defined in section 951A(b)), di-vided by ‘‘(B) the aggregate amount described in sec-tion 951A(c)(1)(A) with respect to such corpora-tion. ‘‘(3) T
ESTED FOREIGN INCOME TAXES .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘tested for-eign income taxes’ means, with respect to any domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder of a controlled foreign corporation, the foreign income taxes paid or accrued by such foreign corporation which are properly at-tributable to the tested income of such foreign corporation taken into account by such domestic corporation under section 951A.’’. (2) A
PPLICATION OF FOREIGN TAX CREDIT LIMI -
TATION .— (A) S
EPARATE BASKET FOR GLOBAL INTANGIBLE  
LOW-TAXED INCOME .—Section 904(d)(1) is amended by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively, and by inserting before subparagraph (B) (as so redesignated) the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(A) any amount includible in gross income under section 951A (other than passive category income),’’. (B) E
XCLUSION FROM GENERAL CATEGORY IN -
COME .—Section 904(d)(2)(A)(ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘income described in paragraph (1)(A) and’’ before ‘‘passive category income’’. (C) N
O CARRYOVER OR CARRYBACK OF EXCESS  
TAXES .—Section 904(c) is amended by adding at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10302 December 20, 2017 
the end the following: ‘‘This subsection shall not apply to taxes paid or accrued with respect to amounts described in subsection (d)(1)(A).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 951 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 951A. Global intangible low-taxed income included in gross income of United States shareholders.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such tax-able years of foreign corporations end. 
SEC. 14202. DEDUCTION FOR FOREIGN-DERIVED INTANGIBLE INCOME AND GLOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 250. FOREIGN-DERIVED INTANGIBLE IN-COME AND GLOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED INCOME. 
‘‘(a) A LLOWANCE OF DEDUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a domestic corporation for any taxable year, there shall be allowed as a deduction an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) 37.5 percent of the foreign-derived intan-gible income of such domestic corporation for such taxable year, plus ‘‘(B) 50 percent of— ‘‘(i) the global intangible low-taxed income amount (if any) which is included in the gross income of such domestic corporation under sec-tion 951A for such taxable year, and ‘‘(ii) the amount treated as a dividend re-ceived by such corporation under section 78 which is attributable to the amount described in clause (i). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION BASED ON TAXABLE INCOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, for any taxable year— ‘‘(i) the sum of the foreign-derived intangible income and the global intangible low-taxed in-come amount otherwise taken into account by the domestic corporation under paragraph (1), exceeds ‘‘(ii) the taxable income of the domestic cor-poration (determined without regard to this sec-tion), then the amount of the foreign-derived intan-gible income and the global intangible low-taxed income amount so taken into account shall be reduced as provided in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) R
EDUCTION .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A)— ‘‘(i) foreign-derived intangible income shall be reduced by an amount which bears the same ratio to the excess described in subparagraph (A) as such foreign-derived intangible income bears to the sum described in subparagraph (A)(i), and ‘‘(ii) the global intangible low-taxed income amount shall be reduced by the remainder of such excess. ‘‘(3) R
EDUCTION IN DEDUCTION FOR TAXABLE  
YEARS AFTER 2025 .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2025, para-graph (1) shall be applied by substituting— ‘‘(A) ‘21.875 percent’ for ‘37.5 percent’ in sub-paragraph (A), and ‘‘(B) ‘37.5 percent’ for ‘50 percent’ in subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(b) F
OREIGN -DERIVED INTANGIBLE INCOME .— For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The foreign-derived intan-gible income of any domestic corporation is the amount which bears the same ratio to the deemed intangible income of such corporation as— ‘‘(A) the foreign-derived deduction eligible in-come of such corporation, bears to ‘‘(B) the deduction eligible income of such cor-poration. ‘‘(2) DEEMED INTANGIBLE INCOME .—For pur- poses of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘deemed intan-gible income’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the deduction eligible income of the do-mestic corporation, over ‘‘(ii) the deemed tangible income return of the corporation. ‘‘(B) D
EEMED TANGIBLE INCOME RETURN .—The term ‘deemed tangible income return’ means, with respect to any corporation, an amount equal to 10 percent of the corporation’s qualified business asset investment (as defined in section 951A(d), determined by substituting ‘deduction eligible income’ for ‘tested income’ in paragraph (2) thereof and without regard to whether the corporation is a controlled foreign corporation). ‘‘(3) D
EDUCTION ELIGIBLE INCOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘deduction eligi-ble income’ means, with respect to any domestic corporation, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) gross income of such corporation deter-mined without regard to— ‘‘(I) any amount included in the gross income of such corporation under section 951(a)(1), ‘‘(II) the global intangible low-taxed income included in the gross income of such corporation under section 951A, ‘‘(III) any financial services income (as de-fined in section 904(d)(2)(D)) of such corpora-tion, ‘‘(IV) any dividend received from a corpora-tion which is a controlled foreign corporation of such domestic corporation, ‘‘(V) any domestic oil and gas extraction in-come of such corporation, and ‘‘(VI) any foreign branch income (as defined in section 904(d)(2)(J)), over ‘‘(ii) the deductions (including taxes) properly allocable to such gross income. ‘‘(B) D
OMESTIC OIL AND GAS EXTRACTION IN -
COME .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘domestic oil and gas extraction income’ means income described in section 907(c)(1), de-termined by substituting ‘within the United States’ for ‘without the United States’. ‘‘(4) F
OREIGN -DERIVED DEDUCTION ELIGIBLE  
INCOME .—The term ‘foreign-derived deduction eligible income’ means, with respect to any tax-payer for any taxable year, any deduction eligi-ble income of such taxpayer which is derived in connection with— ‘‘(A) property— ‘‘(i) which is sold by the taxpayer to any per-son who is not a United States person, and ‘‘(ii) which the taxpayer establishes to the sat-isfaction of the Secretary is for a foreign use, or ‘‘(B) services provided by the taxpayer which the taxpayer establishes to the satisfaction of the Secretary are provided to any person, or with respect to property, not located within the United States. ‘‘(5) R
ULES RELATING TO FOREIGN USE PROP -
ERTY OR SERVICES .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) F
OREIGN USE .—The term ‘foreign use’ means any use, consumption, or disposition which is not within the United States. ‘‘(B) P
ROPERTY OR SERVICES PROVIDED TO DO -
MESTIC INTERMEDIARIES .— ‘‘(i) P
ROPERTY .—If a taxpayer sells property to another person (other than a related party) for further manufacture or other modification within the United States, such property shall not be treated as sold for a foreign use even if such other person subsequently uses such prop-erty for a foreign use. ‘‘(ii) S
ERVICES .—If a taxpayer provides serv-ices to another person (other than a related party) located within the United States, such services shall not be treated as described in paragraph (4)(B) even if such other person uses such services in providing services which are so described. ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULES WITH RESPECT TO RELATED  
PARTY TRANSACTIONS .— ‘‘(i) S
ALES TO RELATED PARTIES .—If property is sold to a related party who is not a United States person, such sale shall not be treated as for a foreign use unless— ‘‘(I) such property is ultimately sold by a re-lated party, or used by a related party in con-nection with property which is sold or the provi-sion of services, to another person who is an un-related party who is not a United States person, and ‘‘(II) the taxpayer establishes to the satisfac-tion of the Secretary that such property is for a foreign use. For purposes of this clause, a sale of property shall be treated as a sale of each of the compo-nents thereof. ‘‘(ii) SERVICE PROVIDED TO RELATED PAR -
TIES.—If a service is provided to a related party who is not located in the United States, such service shall not be treated described in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) unless the taxpayer estab-lished to the satisfaction of the Secretary that such service is not substantially similar to serv-ices provided by such related party to persons located within the United States. ‘‘(D) R
ELATED PARTY .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘related party’ means any member of an affiliated group as defined in sec-tion 1504(a), determined— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears, and ‘‘(ii) without regard to paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1504(b). Any person (other than a corporation) shall be treated as a member of such group if such per-son is controlled by members of such group (in-cluding any entity treated as a member of such group by reason of this sentence) or controls any such member. For purposes of the preceding sentence, control shall be determined under the rules of section 954(d)(3). ‘‘(E) S
OLD.—For purposes of this subsection, the terms ‘sold’, ‘sells’, and ‘sale’ shall include any lease, license, exchange, or other disposi-tion. ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 172(d), as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) D
EDUCTION FOR FOREIGN -DERIVED INTAN -
GIBLE INCOME .—The deduction under section 250 shall not be allowed.’’. (2) Section 246(b)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘and subsection (a) and (b) of section 245’’ the first place it appears and in-serting ‘‘, subsection (a) and (b) of section 245, and section 250’’, (B) by striking ‘‘and subsection (a) and (b) of section 245’’ the second place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a) and (b) of section 245, and 250’’. (3) Section 469(i)(3)(F)(iii) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and 222’’ and inserting ‘‘222, and 250’’. (4) The table of sections for part VIII of sub-chapter B of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 250. Foreign-derived intangible income and global intangible low-taxed income.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. CHAPTER 2—OTHER MODIFICATIONS OF SUBPART F PROVISIONS 
SEC. 14211. ELIMINATION OF INCLUSION OF FOR-EIGN BASE COMPANY OIL RELATED INCOME. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subsection (a) of section 954 is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (2), (2) by striking the comma at the end of para-graph (3) and inserting a period, and (3) by striking paragraph (5). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10303 December 20, 2017 
(1) Section 952(c)(1)(B)(iii) is amended by striking subclause (I) and redesignating sub-clauses (II) through (V) as subclauses (I) through (IV), respectively. (2) Section 954(b) is amended— (A) by striking the second sentence of para-graph (4), (B) by striking ‘‘the foreign base company services income, and the foreign base company oil related income’’ in paragraph (5) and insert-ing ‘‘and the foreign base company services in-come’’, and (C) by striking paragraph (6). (3) Section 954 is amended by striking sub-section (g). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders with or within which such taxable years of foreign corporations end. 
SEC. 14212. REPEAL OF INCLUSION BASED ON WITHDRAWAL OF PREVIOUSLY EX-CLUDED SUBPART F INCOME FROM QUALIFIED INVESTMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart F of part III of sub-chapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 955. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1)(A) Section 951(a)(1)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) his pro rata share (determined under paragraph (2)) of the corporation’s subpart F income for such year, and’’. (B) Section 851(b) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 951(a)(1)(A)(i)’’ in the flush language at the end and inserting ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (C) Section 952(c)(1)(B)(i) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (D) Section 953(c)(1)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (2) Section 951(a) is amended by striking para-graph (3). (3) Section 953(d)(4)(B)(iv)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘or amounts referred to in clause (ii) or (iii) of section 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (4) Section 964(b) is amended by striking ‘‘, 955,’’. (5) Section 970 is amended by striking sub-section (b). (6) The table of sections for subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 955. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such tax-able years of foreign corporations end. 
SEC. 14213. MODIFICATION OF STOCK ATTRIBU-TION RULES FOR DETERMINING STA-TUS AS A CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 958(b) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (4), and (2) by striking ‘‘Paragraphs (1) and (4)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘Paragraph (1)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) the last taxable year of foreign corpora-tions beginning before January 1, 2018, and each subsequent taxable year of such foreign cor-porations, and (2) taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corporations end. 
SEC. 14214. MODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 951(b) is amended by inserting ‘‘, or 10 percent or more of the total value of shares of all classes of stock of such foreign corporation’’ after ‘‘such foreign cor-poration’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders with or within which such taxable years of foreign corporations end. SEC. 14215. ELIMINATION OF REQUIREMENT THAT CORPORATION MUST BE CON-TROLLED FOR 30 DAYS BEFORE SUB-PART F INCLUSIONS APPLY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 951(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘for an uninterrupted period of 30 days or more’’ and inserting ‘‘at any time’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders with or within which such taxable years of foreign corporations end. CHAPTER 3—PREVENTION OF BASE EROSION 
SEC. 14221. LIMITATIONS ON INCOME SHIFTING THROUGH INTANGIBLE PROPERTY TRANSFERS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF INTANGIBLE ASSET.—Sec- tion 936(h)(3)(B) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (v), (2) by striking clause (vi) and inserting the following: ‘‘(vi) any goodwill, going concern value, or workforce in place (including its composition and terms and conditions (contractual or other-wise) of its employment); or ‘‘(vii) any other item the value or potential value of which is not attributable to tangible property or the services of any individual.’’, and (3) by striking the flush language after clause (vii), as added by paragraph (2). (b) C
LARIFICATION OF ALLOWABLE VALUATION  M
ETHODS .— (1) F
OREIGN CORPORATIONS .—Section 367(d)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—For purposes of the last sentence of subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall require— ‘‘(i) the valuation of transfers of intangible property, including intangible property trans-ferred with other property or services, on an ag-gregate basis, or ‘‘(ii) the valuation of such a transfer on the basis of the realistic alternatives to such a transfer, if the Secretary determines that such basis is the most reliable means of valuation of such trans-fers.’’. (2) A
LLOCATION AMONG TAXPAYERS .—Section 482 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘For purposes of this section, the Sec-retary shall require the valuation of transfers of intangible property (including intangible prop-erty transferred with other property or services) on an aggregate basis or the valuation of such a transfer on the basis of the realistic alter-natives to such a transfer, if the Secretary de-termines that such basis is the most reliable means of valuation of such transfers.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to transfers in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) N
O INFERENCE .—Nothing in the amend-ment made by subsection (a) shall be construed to create any inference with respect to the ap-plication of section 936(h)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or the authority of the Secretary of the Treasury to provide regulations for such application, with respect to taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018. 
SEC. 14222. CERTAIN RELATED PARTY AMOUNTS PAID OR ACCRUED IN HYBRID TRANSACTIONS OR WITH HYBRID ENTITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IX of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 267 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 267A. CERTAIN RELATED PARTY AMOUNTS PAID OR ACCRUED IN HYBRID TRANSACTIONS OR WITH HYBRID ENTITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—No deduction shall be al-lowed under this chapter for any disqualified related party amount paid or accrued pursuant to a hybrid transaction or by, or to, a hybrid en-tity. ‘‘(b) DISQUALIFIED RELATED PARTY A
MOUNT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) D
ISQUALIFIED RELATED PARTY AMOUNT .— The term ‘disqualified related party amount’ means any interest or royalty paid or accrued to a related party to the extent that— ‘‘(A) such amount is not included in the in-come of such related party under the tax law of the country of which such related party is a resident for tax purposes or is subject to tax, or ‘‘(B) such related party is allowed a deduction with respect to such amount under the tax law of such country. Such term shall not include any payment to the extent such payment is included in the gross in-come of a United States shareholder under sec-tion 951(a). ‘‘(2) R
ELATED PARTY .—The term ‘related party’ means a related person as defined in sec-tion 954(d)(3), except that such section shall be applied with respect to the person making the payment described in paragraph (1) in lieu of the controlled foreign corporation otherwise re-ferred to in such section. ‘‘(c) H
YBRID TRANSACTION .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘hybrid transaction’ means any transaction, series of transactions, agree-ment, or instrument one or more payments with respect to which are treated as interest or royal-ties for purposes of this chapter and which are not so treated for purposes the tax law of the foreign country of which the recipient of such payment is resident for tax purposes or is sub-ject to tax. ‘‘(d) H
YBRID ENTITY .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘hybrid entity’ means any enti-ty which is either— ‘‘(1) treated as fiscally transparent for pur-poses of this chapter but not so treated for pur-poses of the tax law of the foreign country of which the entity is resident for tax purposes or is subject to tax, or ‘‘(2) treated as fiscally transparent for pur-poses of such tax law but not so treated for pur-poses of this chapter. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the pur-poses of this section, including regulations or other guidance providing for— ‘‘(1) rules for treating certain conduit ar-rangements which involve a hybrid transaction or a hybrid entity as subject to subsection (a), ‘‘(2) rules for the application of this section to branches or domestic entities, ‘‘(3) rules for treating certain structured transactions as subject to subsection (a), ‘‘(4) rules for treating a tax preference as an exclusion from income for purposes of applying subsection (b)(1) if such tax preference has the effect of reducing the generally applicable statu-tory rate by 25 percent or more, ‘‘(5) rules for treating the entire amount of in-terest or royalty paid or accrued to a related party as a disqualified related party amount if such amount is subject to a participation exemp-tion system or other system which provides for the exclusion or deduction of a substantial por-tion of such amount, ‘‘(6) rules for determining the tax residence of a foreign entity if the entity is otherwise consid-ered a resident of more than one country or of no country, ‘‘(7) exceptions from subsection (a) with re-spect to— ‘‘(A) cases in which the disqualified related party amount is taxed under the laws of a for-eign country other than the country of which the related party is a resident for tax purposes, and ‘‘(B) other cases which the Secretary deter-mines do not present a risk of eroding the Fed-eral tax base, ‘‘(8) requirements for record keeping and in-formation reporting in addition to any require-ments imposed by section 6038A.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10304 December 20, 2017 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part IX of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 267 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 267A. Certain related party amounts paid or accrued in hybrid transactions or with hybrid entities.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14223. SHAREHOLDERS OF SURROGATE FOR-EIGN CORPORATIONS NOT ELIGIBLE FOR REDUCED RATE ON DIVIDENDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1(h)(11)(C)(iii) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall not include any foreign corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘shall not include— ‘‘(I) any foreign corporation’’, (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘, and’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(II) any corporation which first becomes a surrogate foreign corporation (as defined in sec-tion 7874(a)(2)(B)) after the date of the enact-ment of this subclause, other than a foreign cor-poration which is treated as a domestic corpora-tion under section 7874(b).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to dividends received after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subpart C—Modifications Related to Foreign Tax Credit System 
SEC. 14301. REPEAL OF SECTION 902 INDIRECT FOREIGN TAX CREDITS; DETERMINA-TION OF SECTION 960 CREDIT ON CURRENT YEAR BASIS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SECTION 902 I NDIRECT FOREIGN  T
AXCREDITS .—Subpart A of part III of sub-chapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 902. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF SECTION 960 C REDIT ON  C
URRENT YEARBASIS.—Section 960, as amended by section 14201, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (c), by redesignating subsection (b) as subsection (c), by striking all that precedes subsection (c) (as so redesignated) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 960. DEEMED PAID CREDIT FOR SUBPART F INCLUSIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of subpart A of this part, if there is included in the gross in-come of a domestic corporation any item of in-come under section 951(a)(1) with respect to any controlled foreign corporation with respect to which such domestic corporation is a United States shareholder, such domestic corporation shall be deemed to have paid so much of such foreign corporation’s foreign income taxes as are properly attributable to such item of income. ‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULES FOR DISTRIBUTIONS FROM P
REVIOUSLY TAXED EARNINGS AND PROFITS .— For purposes of subpart A of this part— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If any portion of a distribu-tion from a controlled foreign corporation to a domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder with respect to such controlled for-eign corporation is excluded from gross income under section 959(a), such domestic corporation shall be deemed to have paid so much of such foreign corporation’s foreign income taxes as— ‘‘(A) are properly attributable to such portion, and ‘‘(B) have not been deemed to have to been paid by such domestic corporation under this section for the taxable year or any prior taxable year. ‘‘(2) T
IERED CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORA -
TIONS .—If section 959(b) applies to any portion of a distribution from a controlled foreign cor-poration to another controlled foreign corpora-tion, such controlled foreign corporation shall be deemed to have paid so much of such other controlled foreign corporation’s foreign income taxes as— ‘‘(A) are properly attributable to such portion, and ‘‘(B) have not been deemed to have been paid by a domestic corporation under this section for the taxable year or any prior taxable year.’’, (2) and by adding after subsection (d) (as added by section 14201) the following new sub-sections: ‘‘(e) FOREIGN INCOME TAXES.—The term ‘for-eign income taxes’ means any income, war prof-its, or excess profits taxes paid or accrued to any foreign country or possession of the United States. ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 78 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 78. GROSS UP FOR DEEMED PAID FOREIGN TAX CREDIT. 
‘‘If a domestic corporation chooses to have the benefits of subpart A of part III of subchapter N (relating to foreign tax credit) for any taxable year, an amount equal to the taxes deemed to be paid by such corporation under subsections (a), (b), and (d) of section 960 (determined without regard to the phrase ‘80 percent of’ in subsection (d)(1) thereof) for such taxable year shall be treated for purposes of this title (other than sec-tions 245 and 245A) as a dividend received by such domestic corporation from the foreign cor-poration.’’. (2) Paragraph (4) of section 245(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) P
OST-1986 UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS .—The term ‘post-1986 undistributed earnings’ means the amount of the earnings and profits of the foreign corporation (computed in accordance with sections 964(a) and 986) accumulated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 1986— ‘‘(A) as of the close of the taxable year of the foreign corporation in which the dividend is dis-tributed, and ‘‘(B) without diminution by reason of divi-dends distributed during such taxable year.’’. (3) Section 245(a)(10)(C) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘902, 907, and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘907 and 960’’. (4) Sections 535(b)(1) and 545(b)(1) are each amended by striking ‘‘section 902(a) or 960(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (5) Section 814(f)(1) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (B), and (B) by striking all that precedes ‘‘No income’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) T
REATMENT OF FOREIGN TAXES .—’’. (6) Section 865(h)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘902, 907,’’ and inserting ‘‘907’’. (7) Section 901(a) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tions 902 and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (8) Section 901(e)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘but is not limited to—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘that portion’’ and inserting ‘‘but is not limited to that portion’’. (9) Section 901(f) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tions 902 and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (10) Section 901(j)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. (11) Section 901(j)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 902 and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (12) Section 901(k)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘, 902,’’. (13) Section 901(k)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. (14) Section 901(m)(1)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) in the case of a foreign income tax paid by a foreign corporation, shall not be taken into account for purposes of section 960.’’. (15) Section 904(d)(2)(E) is amended— (A) by amending clause (i) to read as follows: ‘‘(i) N
ONCONTROLLED 10 -PERCENT OWNED FOR -
EIGN CORPORATION .—The term ‘noncontrolled 10-percent owned foreign corporation’ means any foreign corporation which is— ‘‘(I) a specified 10-percent owned foreign cor-poration (as defined in section 245A(b)), or ‘‘(II) a passive foreign investment company (as defined in section 1297(a)) with respect to which the taxpayer meets the stock ownership requirements of section 902(a) (or, for purposes of applying paragraphs (3) and (4), the require-ments of section 902(b)). A controlled foreign corporation shall not be treated as a noncontrolled 10-percent owned for-eign corporation with respect to any distribution out of its earnings and profits for periods during which it was a controlled foreign corporation. Any reference to section 902 in this clause shall be treated as a reference to such section as in ef-fect before its repeal.’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘non-controlled section 902 corporation’’ in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘non-controlled 10-percent owned foreign corpora-tion’’. (16) Section 904(d)(4) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘noncontrolled section 902 cor-poration’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘noncontrolled 10-percent owned foreign cor-poration’’, (B) by striking ‘‘NONCONTROLLED SECTION 902  
CORPORATIONS ’’ in the heading thereof and in-serting ‘‘
NONCONTROLLED 10 -PERCENT OWNED  
FOREIGN CORPORATIONS ’’. (17) Section 904(d)(6)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘902, 907,’’ and inserting ‘‘907’’. (18) Section 904(h)(10)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘sections 902, 907, and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 907 and 960’’. (19) Section 904(k) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(k) C
ROSS REFERENCES .—For increase of limi-tation under subsection (a) for taxes paid with respect to amounts received which were included in the gross income of the taxpayer for a prior taxable year as a United States shareholder with respect to a controlled foreign corporation, see section 960(c).’’. (20) Section 905(c)(1) is amended by striking the last sentence. (21) Section 905(c)(2)(B)(i) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) shall be taken into account for the tax-able year to which such taxes relate, and’’. (22) Section 906(a) is amended by striking ‘‘(or deemed, under section 902, paid or accrued dur-ing the taxable year)’’. (23) Section 906(b) is amended by striking paragraphs (4) and (5). (24) Section 907(b)(2)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘902 or’’. (25) Section 907(c)(3)(A) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) interest, to the extent the category of in-come of such interest is determined under sec-tion 904(d)(3),’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘section 960(a)’’ in subpara-graph (B) and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (26) Section 907(c)(5) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. (27) Section 907(f)(2)(B)(i) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘902 or’’. (28) Section 908(a) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. (29) Section 909(b) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 902 corporation’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1) and insert-ing ‘‘specified 10-percent owned foreign corpora-tion (as defined in section 245A(b) without re-gard to paragraph (2) thereof)’’, (B) by striking ‘‘902 or’’ in paragraph (1), (C) by striking ‘‘by such section 902 corpora-tion’’ and all that follows in the matter fol-lowing paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘by such specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation or a domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder with respect to such specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation.’’, and (D) by striking ‘‘S
ECTION 902 C ORPORATIONS ’’ in the heading thereof and inserting ‘‘S
PECIFIED  10-
PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS ’’. (30) Section 909(d) is amended by striking paragraph (5). (31) Section 958(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘960(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘960’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10305 December 20, 2017 
(32) Section 959(d) is amended by striking ‘‘Except as provided in section 960(a)(3), any’’ and inserting ‘‘Any’’. (33) Section 959(e) is amended by striking ‘‘section 960(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960(c)’’. (34) Section 1291(g)(2)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘any distribution—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘but only if’’ and inserting ‘‘any dis-tribution, any withholding tax imposed with re-spect to such distribution, but only if’’. (35) Section 1293(f) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (1), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (2) and in-serting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) a domestic corporation which owns (or is treated under section 1298(a) as owning) stock of a qualified electing fund shall be treated in the same manner as a United States shareholder of a controlled foreign corporation (and such qualified electing fund shall be treated in the same manner as such controlled foreign corpora-tion) if such domestic corporation meets the stock ownership requirements of subsection (a) or (b) of section 902 (as in effect before its re-peal) with respect to such qualified electing fund.’’. (36) Section 6038(c)(1)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘sections 902 (relating to foreign tax credit for corporate stockholder in foreign corporation) and 960 (relating to special rules for foreign tax credit)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (37) Section 6038(c)(4) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). (38) The table of sections for subpart A of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 902. (39) The table of sections for subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 960 and in-serting the following: ‘‘Sec. 960. Deemed paid credit for subpart F in-clusions.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such tax-able years of foreign corporations end. 
SEC. 14302. SEPARATE FOREIGN TAX CREDIT LIM-ITATION BASKET FOR FOREIGN BRANCH INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 904(d)(1), as amend-ed by section 14201, is amended by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively, and by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(B) foreign branch income,’’. (b) F
OREIGN BRANCH INCOME .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 904(d)(2) is amended by inserting after subparagraph (I) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(J) F
OREIGN BRANCH INCOME .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘foreign branch income’ means the business profits of such United States person which are attributable to 1 or more qualified business units (as defined in section 989(a)) in 1 or more foreign countries. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the amount of business profits attributable to a qualified business unit shall be determined under rules established by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—Such term shall not include any income which is passive category income.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 904(d)(2)(A)(ii), as amended by section 14201, is amended by striking ‘‘income described in para-graph (1)(A) and’’ and inserting ‘‘income de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A), foreign branch in-come, and’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. SEC. 14303. SOURCE OF INCOME FROM SALES OF INVENTORY DETERMINED SOLELY ON BASIS OF PRODUCTION ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 863(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Gains, profits, and income from the sale or exchange of inven-tory property described in paragraph (2) shall be allocated and apportioned between sources within and without the United States solely on the basis of the production activities with re-spect to the property.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14304. ELECTION TO INCREASE PERCENT-AGE OF DOMESTIC TAXABLE INCOME OFFSET BY OVERALL DOMESTIC LOSS TREATED AS FOREIGN SOURCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 904(g) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) E
LECTION TO INCREASE PERCENTAGE OF  
TAXABLE INCOME TREATED AS FOREIGN SOURCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If any pre-2018 unused overall domestic loss is taken into account under paragraph (1) for any applicable taxable year, the taxpayer may elect to have such paragraph applied to such loss by substituting a percentage greater than 50 percent (but not greater than 100 percent) for 50 percent in subparagraph (B) thereof. ‘‘(B) P
RE-2018 UNUSED OVERALL DOMESTIC  
LOSS.—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘pre-2018 unused overall domestic loss’ means any overall domestic loss which— ‘‘(i) arises in a qualified taxable year begin-ning before January 1, 2018, and ‘‘(ii) has not been used under paragraph (1) for any taxable year beginning before such date. ‘‘(C) A
PPLICABLE TAXABLE YEAR .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘applicable taxable year’ means any taxable year of the tax-payer beginning after December 31, 2017, and be-fore January 1, 2028.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. PART II—INBOUND TRANSACTIONS 
SEC. 14401. BASE EROSION AND ANTI-ABUSE TAX. 
(a) I MPOSITION OF TAX.—Subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART VII—BASE EROSION AND ANTI- ABUSE TAX ‘‘Sec. 59A. Tax on base erosion payments of taxpayers with substantial gross receipts. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. TAX ON BASE EROSION PAYMENTS OF TAXPAYERS WITH SUBSTANTIAL GROSS RECEIPTS. 
‘‘(a) I MPOSITION OF TAX.—There is hereby im-posed on each applicable taxpayer for any tax-able year a tax equal to the base erosion min-imum tax amount for the taxable year. Such tax shall be in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle. ‘‘(b) B
ASEEROSION MINIMUM TAXAMOUNT .— For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graphs (2) and (3), the term ‘base erosion min-imum tax amount’ means, with respect to any applicable taxpayer for any taxable year, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) an amount equal to 10 percent (5 percent in the case of taxable years beginning in cal-endar year 2018) of the modified taxable income of such taxpayer for the taxable year, over ‘‘(B) an amount equal to the regular tax li-ability (as defined in section 26(b)) of the tax-payer for the taxable year, reduced (but not below zero) by the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the credits allowed under this chapter against such regular tax liability, over ‘‘(ii) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the credit allowed under section 38 for the taxable year which is properly allocable to the research credit determined under section 41(a), plus ‘‘(II) the portion of the applicable section 38 credits not in excess of 80 percent of the lesser of the amount of such credits or the base erosion minimum tax amount (determined without re-gard to this subclause). ‘‘(2) MODIFICATIONS FOR TAXABLE YEARS BE -
GINNING AFTER 2025 .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2025, para-graph (1) shall be applied— ‘‘(A) by substituting ‘12.5 percent’ for ‘10 per-cent’ in subparagraph (A) thereof, and ‘‘(B) by reducing (but not below zero) the reg-ular tax liability (as defined in section 26(b)) for purposes of subparagraph (B) thereof by the ag-gregate amount of the credits allowed under this chapter against such regular tax liability rather than the excess described in such subparagraph. ‘‘(3) I
NCREASED RATE FOR CERTAIN BANKS AND  
SECURITIES DEALERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer described in subparagraph (B) who is an appli-cable taxpayer for any taxable year, the per-centage otherwise in effect under paragraphs (1)(A) and (2)(A) shall each be increased by one percentage point. ‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER DESCRIBED .—A taxpayer is de-scribed in this subparagraph if such taxpayer is a member of an affiliated group (as defined in section 1504(a)(1)) which includes— ‘‘(i) a bank (as defined in section 581), or ‘‘(ii) a registered securities dealer under sec-tion 15(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICABLE SECTION 38 CREDITS .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(B)(ii)(II), the term ‘applicable section 38 credits’ means the credit allowed under section 38 for the taxable year which is properly allocable to— ‘‘(A) the low-income housing credit deter-mined under section 42(a), ‘‘(B) the renewable electricity production credit determined under section 45(a), and ‘‘(C) the investment credit determined under section 46, but only to the extent properly allo-cable to the energy credit determined under sec-tion 48. ‘‘(c) M
ODIFIED TAXABLE INCOME .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘modified taxable income’ means the taxable income of the tax-payer computed under this chapter for the tax-able year, determined without regard to— ‘‘(A) any base erosion tax benefit with respect to any base erosion payment, or ‘‘(B) the base erosion percentage of any net operating loss deduction allowed under section 172 for the taxable year. ‘‘(2) B
ASE EROSION TAX BENEFIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘base erosion tax benefit’ means— ‘‘(i) any deduction described in subsection (d)(1) which is allowed under this chapter for the taxable year with respect to any base ero-sion payment, ‘‘(ii) in the case of a base erosion payment de-scribed in subsection (d)(2), any deduction al-lowed under this chapter for the taxable year for depreciation (or amortization in lieu of de-preciation) with respect to the property acquired with such payment, ‘‘(iii) in the case of a base erosion payment described in subsection (d)(3)— ‘‘(I) any reduction under section 803(a)(1)(B) in the gross amount of premiums and other con-sideration on insurance and annuity contracts for premiums and other consideration arising out of indemnity insurance, and ‘‘(II) any deduction under section 832(b)(4)(A) from the amount of gross premiums written on insurance contracts during the taxable year for premiums paid for reinsurance, and ‘‘(iv) in the case of a base erosion payment de-scribed in subsection (d)(4), any reduction in gross receipts with respect to such payment in computing gross income of the taxpayer for the taxable year for purposes of this chapter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10306 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(B) T AX BENEFITS DISREGARDED IF TAX WITH -
HELD ON BASE EROSION PAYMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), any base erosion tax benefit attrib-utable to any base erosion payment— ‘‘(I) on which tax is imposed by section 871 or 881, and ‘‘(II) with respect to which tax has been de-ducted and withheld under section 1441 or 1442, shall not be taken into account in computing modified taxable income under paragraph (1)(A) or the base erosion percentage under paragraph (4). ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The amount not taken into account in computing modified taxable income by reason of clause (i) shall be reduced under rules similar to the rules under section 163(j)(5)(B) (as in effect before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act). ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES FOR DETERMINING INTER -
EST FOR WHICH DEDUCTION ALLOWED .—For pur- poses of applying paragraph (1), in the case of a taxpayer to which section 163(j) applies for the taxable year, the reduction in the amount of interest for which a deduction is allowed by rea-son of such subsection shall be treated as allo-cable first to interest paid or accrued to persons who are not related parties with respect to the taxpayer and then to such related parties. ‘‘(4) B
ASE EROSION PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of paragraph (1)(B)— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘base erosion per-centage’ means, for any taxable year, the per-centage determined by dividing— ‘‘(i) the aggregate amount of base erosion tax benefits of the taxpayer for the taxable year, by ‘‘(ii) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the aggregate amount of the deductions (including deductions described in clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (2)(A)) allowable to the taxpayer under this chapter for the taxable year, plus ‘‘(II) the base erosion tax benefits described in clauses (iii) and (iv) of paragraph (2)(A) allow-able to the taxpayer for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN ITEMS NOT TAKEN INTO AC -
COUNT .—The amount under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be determined by not taking into ac-count— ‘‘(i) any deduction allowed under section 172, 245A, or 250 for the taxable year, ‘‘(ii) any deduction for amounts paid or ac-crued for services to which the exception under subsection (d)(5) applies, and ‘‘(iii) any deduction for qualified derivative payments which are not treated as a base ero-sion payment by reason of subsection (h). ‘‘(d) B
ASEEROSION PAYMENT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘base erosion pay-ment’ means any amount paid or accrued by the taxpayer to a foreign person which is a related party of the taxpayer and with respect to which a deduction is allowable under this chapter. ‘‘(2) P
URCHASE OF DEPRECIABLE PROPERTY .— Such term shall also include any amount paid or accrued by the taxpayer to a foreign person which is a related party of the taxpayer in con-nection with the acquisition by the taxpayer from such person of property of a character sub-ject to the allowance for depreciation (or amorti-zation in lieu of depreciation). ‘‘(3) R
EINSURANCE PAYMENTS .—Such term shall also include any premium or other consid-eration paid or accrued by the taxpayer to a for-eign person which is a related party of the tax-payer for any reinsurance payments which are taken into account under sections 803(a)(1)(B) or 832(b)(4)(A). ‘‘(4) C
ERTAIN PAYMENTS TO EXPATRIATED ENTI -
TIES.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Such term shall also in-clude any amount paid or accrued by the tax-payer with respect to a person described in sub-paragraph (B) which results in a reduction of the gross receipts of the taxpayer. ‘‘(B) P
ERSON DESCRIBED .—A person is de-scribed in this subparagraph if such person is a— ‘‘(i) surrogate foreign corporation which is a related party of the taxpayer, but only if such person first became a surrogate foreign corpora-tion after November 9, 2017, or ‘‘(ii) foreign person which is a member of the same expanded affiliated group as the surrogate foreign corporation. ‘‘(C) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this para-graph— ‘‘(i) S
URROGATE FOREIGN CORPORATION .—The term ‘surrogate foreign corporation’ has the meaning given such term by section 7874(a)(2)(B) but does not include a foreign cor-poration treated as a domestic corporation under section 7874(b). ‘‘(ii) E
XPANDED AFFILIATED GROUP .—The term ‘expanded affiliated group’ has the meaning given such term by section 7874(c)(1). ‘‘(5) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN AMOUNTS WITH  
RESPECT TO SERVICES .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any amount paid or accrued by a tax-payer for services if— ‘‘(A) such services are services which meet the requirements for eligibility for use of the services cost method under section 482 (determined with-out regard to the requirement that the services not contribute significantly to fundamental risks of business success or failure), and ‘‘(B) such amount constitutes the total serv-ices cost with no markup component. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABLE TAXPAYER .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable tax-payer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, a taxpayer— ‘‘(A) which is a corporation other than a reg-ulated investment company, a real estate invest-ment trust, or an S corporation, ‘‘(B) the average annual gross receipts of which for the 3-taxable-year period ending with the preceding taxable year are at least $500,000,000, and ‘‘(C) the base erosion percentage (as deter-mined under subsection (c)(4)) of which for the taxable year is 3 percent (2 percent in the case of a taxpayer described in subsection (b)(3)(B)) or higher. ‘‘(2) G
ROSS RECEIPTS .— ‘‘(A) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FOREIGN PERSONS .—In the case of a foreign person the gross receipts of which are taken into account for purposes of paragraph (1)(B), only gross receipts which are taken into account in determining income which is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States shall be taken into account. In the case of a taxpayer which is a foreign person, the preceding sen-tence shall not apply to the gross receipts of any United States person which are aggregated with the taxpayer’s gross receipts by reason of para-graph (3). ‘‘(B) O
THER RULES MADE APPLICABLE .—Rules similar to the rules of subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) of section 448(c)(3) shall apply in deter-mining gross receipts for purposes of this sec-tion. ‘‘(3) A
GGREGATION RULES .—All persons treated as a single employer under subsection (a) of sec-tion 52 shall be treated as 1 person for purposes of this subsection and subsection (c)(4), except that in applying section 1563 for purposes of sec-tion 52, the exception for foreign corporations under section 1563(b)(2)(C) shall be disregarded. ‘‘(f) F
OREIGN PERSON .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘foreign person’ has the mean-ing given such term by section 6038A(c)(3). ‘‘(g) R
ELATED PARTY.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘related party’ means, with respect to any applicable tax-payer— ‘‘(A) any 25-percent owner of the taxpayer, ‘‘(B) any person who is related (within the meaning of section 267(b) or 707(b)(1)) to the taxpayer or any 25-percent owner of the tax-payer, and ‘‘(C) any other person who is related (within the meaning of section 482) to the taxpayer. ‘‘(2) 25-PERCENT OWNER .—The term ‘25-percent owner’ means, with respect to any corporation, any person who owns at least 25 percent of— ‘‘(A) the total voting power of all classes of stock of a corporation entitled to vote, or ‘‘(B) the total value of all classes of stock of such corporation. ‘‘(3) S
ECTION 318 TO APPLY .—Section 318 shall apply for purposes of paragraphs (1) and (2), ex-cept that— ‘‘(A) ‘10 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘50 percent’ in section 318(a)(2)(C), and ‘‘(B) subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of sec-tion 318(a)(3) shall not be applied so as to con-sider a United States person as owning stock which is owned by a person who is not a United States person. ‘‘(h) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PAYMENTS  M
ADE IN THE ORDINARY COURSE OF TRADE OR  B
USINESS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (3), any qualified derivative payment shall not be treated as a base erosion payment. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED DERIVATIVE PAYMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified deriva-tive payment’ means any payment made by a taxpayer pursuant to a derivative with respect to which the taxpayer— ‘‘(i) recognizes gain or loss as if such deriva-tive were sold for its fair market value on the last business day of the taxable year (and such additional times as required by this title or the taxpayer’s method of accounting), ‘‘(ii) treats any gain or loss so recognized as ordinary, and ‘‘(iii) treats the character of all items of in-come, deduction, gain, or loss with respect to a payment pursuant to the derivative as ordinary. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—No payments shall be treated as qualified derivative payments under subparagraph (A) for any taxable year unless the taxpayer includes in the information required to be reported under section 6038B(b)(2) with respect to such taxable year such informa-tion as is necessary to identify the payments to be so treated and such other information as the Secretary determines necessary to carry out the provisions of this subsection. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS FOR PAYMENTS OTHERWISE  
TREATED AS BASE EROSION PAYMENTS .—This sub- section shall not apply to any qualified deriva-tive payment if— ‘‘(A) the payment would be treated as a base erosion payment if it were not made pursuant to a derivative, including any interest, royalty, or service payment, or ‘‘(B) in the case of a contract which has de-rivative and nonderivative components, the pay-ment is properly allocable to the nonderivative component. ‘‘(4) D
ERIVATIVE DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘derivative’ means any contract (including any option, for-ward contract, futures contract, short position, swap, or similar contract) the value of which, or any payment or other transfer with respect to which, is (directly or indirectly) determined by reference to one or more of the following: ‘‘(i) Any share of stock in a corporation. ‘‘(ii) Any evidence of indebtedness. ‘‘(iii) Any commodity which is actively traded. ‘‘(iv) Any currency. ‘‘(v) Any rate, price, amount, index, formula, or algorithm. Such term shall not include any item described in clauses (i) through (v). ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF AMERICAN DEPOSITORY  
RECEIPTS AND SIMILAR INSTRUMENTS .—Except as otherwise provided by the Secretary, for pur-poses of this part, American depository receipts (and similar instruments) with respect to shares of stock in foreign corporations shall be treated as shares of stock in such foreign corporations. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN CONTRACTS .— Such term shall not include any insurance, an-nuity, or endowment contract issued by an in-surance company to which subchapter L applies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10307 December 20, 2017 
(or issued by any foreign corporation to which such subchapter would apply if such foreign corporation were a domestic corporation). ‘‘(i) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section, including regula-tions— ‘‘(1) providing for such adjustments to the ap-plication of this section as are necessary to pre-vent the avoidance of the purposes of this sec-tion, including through— ‘‘(A) the use of unrelated persons, conduit transactions, or other intermediaries, or ‘‘(B) transactions or arrangements designed, in whole or in part— ‘‘(i) to characterize payments otherwise sub-ject to this section as payments not subject to this section, or ‘‘(ii) to substitute payments not subject to this section for payments otherwise subject to this section and ‘‘(2) for the application of subsection (g), in-cluding rules to prevent the avoidance of the ex-ceptions under subsection (g)(3).’’. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS AND PEN-
ALTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 6038A is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subsection (a), the information described in this subsection is such information as the Secretary prescribes by regulations relating to— ‘‘(A) the name, principal place of business, nature of business, and country or countries in which organized or resident, of each person which— ‘‘(i) is a related party to the reporting cor-poration, and ‘‘(ii) had any transaction with the reporting corporation during its taxable year, ‘‘(B) the manner in which the reporting cor-poration is related to each person referred to in subparagraph (A), and ‘‘(C) transactions between the reporting cor-poration and each foreign person which is a re-lated party to the reporting corporation. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING  
BASE EROSION PAYMENTS .—For purposes of sub-section (a) and section 6038C, if the reporting corporation or the foreign corporation to whom section 6038C applies is an applicable taxpayer, the information described in this subsection shall include— ‘‘(A) such information as the Secretary deter-mines necessary to determine the base erosion minimum tax amount, base erosion payments, and base erosion tax benefits of the taxpayer for purposes of section 59A for the taxable year, and ‘‘(B) such other information as the Secretary determines necessary to carry out such section. For purposes of this paragraph, any term used in this paragraph which is also used in section 59A shall have the same meaning as when used in such section.’’. (2) I
NCREASE IN PENALTY .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 6038A(d) are each amended by striking ‘‘$10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000’’. (c) D
ISALLOWANCE OF CREDITS AGAINST BASE E
ROSION TAX.—Paragraph (2) of section 26(b) is amended by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) section 59A (relating to base erosion and anti-abuse tax),’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The table of parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding after the item relating to part VI the following new item: ‘‘P
ARTVII. B ASEEROSION AND ANTI-ABUSE  T
AX’’. (2) Paragraph (1) of section 882(a), as amend-ed by this Act, is amended by inserting ‘‘ or 59A,’’ after ‘‘section 11,’’. (3) Subparagraph (A) of section 6425(c)(1), as amended by section 13001, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) the sum of— ‘‘(i) the tax imposed by section 11, or sub-chapter L of chapter 1, whichever is applicable, plus ‘‘(ii) the tax imposed by section 59A, over’’. (4)(A) Subparagraph (A) of section 6655(g)(1), as amended by sections 12001 and 13001, is amended by striking ‘‘plus’’ at the end of clause (i), by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii), and by inserting after clause (i) the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) the tax imposed by section 59A, plus’’. (B) Subparagraphs (A)(i) and (B)(i) of section 6655(e)(2), as amended by sections 12001 and 13001, are each amended by inserting ‘‘and modified taxable income’’ after ‘‘taxable in-come’’. (C) Subparagraph (B) of section 6655(e)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) MODIFIED TAXABLE INCOME .—The term ‘modified taxable income’ has the meaning given such term by section 59A(c)(1).’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to base erosion pay-ments (as defined in section 59A(d) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this sec-tion) paid or accrued in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART III—OTHER PROVISIONS 
SEC. 14501. RESTRICTION ON INSURANCE BUSI-NESS EXCEPTION TO PASSIVE FOR-EIGN INVESTMENT COMPANY RULES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1297(b)(2)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) derived in the active conduct of an in-surance business by a qualifying insurance cor-poration (as defined in subsection (f)),’’. (b) Q
UALIFYING INSURANCE CORPORATION DE-
FINED .—Section 1297 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) Q
UALIFYING INSURANCE CORPORATION .— For purposes of subsection (b)(2)(B)— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualifying insur-ance corporation’ means, with respect to any taxable year, a foreign corporation— ‘‘(A) which would be subject to tax under sub-chapter L if such corporation were a domestic corporation, and ‘‘(B) the applicable insurance liabilities of which constitute more than 25 percent of its total assets, determined on the basis of such li-abilities and assets as reported on the corpora-tion’s applicable financial statement for the last year ending with or within the taxable year. ‘‘(2) A
LTERNATIVE FACTS AND CIRCUMSTANCES  
TEST FOR CERTAIN CORPORATIONS .—If a corpora-tion fails to qualify as a qualified insurance cor-poration under paragraph (1) solely because the percentage determined under paragraph (1)(B) is 25 percent or less, a United States person that owns stock in such corporation may elect to treat such stock as stock of a qualifying insur-ance corporation if— ‘‘(A) the percentage so determined for the cor-poration is at least 10 percent, and ‘‘(B) under regulations provided by the Sec-retary, based on the applicable facts and cir-cumstances— ‘‘(i) the corporation is predominantly engaged in an insurance business, and ‘‘(ii) such failure is due solely to runoff-re-lated or rating-related circumstances involving such insurance business. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE INSURANCE LIABILITIES .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable insur-ance liabilities’ means, with respect to any life or property and casualty insurance business— ‘‘(i) loss and loss adjustment expenses, and ‘‘(ii) reserves (other than deficiency, contin-gency, or unearned premium reserves) for life and health insurance risks and life and health insurance claims with respect to contracts pro-viding coverage for mortality or morbidity risks. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF LIABIL -
ITIES.—Any amount determined under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) shall not exceed the lesser of such amount— ‘‘(i) as reported to the applicable insurance regulatory body in the applicable financial statement described in paragraph (4)(A) (or, if less, the amount required by applicable law or regulation), or ‘‘(ii) as determined under regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) OTHER DEFINITIONS AND RULES .—For pur- poses of this subsection— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICABLE FINANCIAL STATEMENT .—The term ‘applicable financial statement’ means a statement for financial reporting purposes which— ‘‘(i) is made on the basis of generally accepted accounting principles, ‘‘(ii) is made on the basis of international fi-nancial reporting standards, but only if there is no statement that meets the requirement of clause (i), or ‘‘(iii) except as otherwise provided by the Sec-retary in regulations, is the annual statement which is required to be filed with the applicable insurance regulatory body, but only if there is no statement which meets the requirements of clause (i) or (ii). ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABLE INSURANCE REGULATORY  
BODY .—The term ‘applicable insurance regu-latory body’ means, with respect to any insur-ance business, the entity established by law to license, authorize, or regulate such business and to which the statement described in subpara-graph (A) is provided.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14502. REPEAL OF FAIR MARKET VALUE METHOD OF INTEREST EXPENSE AP-PORTIONMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 864(e) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) G
ROSS INCOME AND FAIR MARKET VALUE  
METHODS MAY NOT BE USED FOR INTEREST .—All allocations and apportionments of interest ex-pense shall be determined using the adjusted bases of assets rather than on the basis of the fair market value of the assets or gross in-come.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. TITLE II 
SEC. 20001. OIL AND GAS PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OASTAL PLAIN .—The term ‘‘Coastal Plain’’ means the area identified as the 1002 Area on the plates prepared by the United States Geological Survey entitled ‘‘ANWR Map – Plate 1’’ and ‘‘ANWR Map – Plate 2’’, dated Oc-tober 24, 2017, and on file with the United States Geological Survey and the Office of the Solicitor of the Department of the Interior. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Bureau of Land Management. (b) O
IL AND GASPROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1003 of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3143) shall not apply to the Coastal Plain. (2) E
STABLISHMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish and administer a competitive oil and gas program for the leasing, development, produc-tion, and transportation of oil and gas in and from the Coastal Plain. (B) P
URPOSES .—Section 303(2)(B) of the Alas-ka National Interest Lands Conservation Act (Public Law 96–487; 94 Stat. 2390) is amended— (i) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) to provide for an oil and gas program on the Coastal Plain.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10308 December 20, 2017 
(3) M ANAGEMENT .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, the Secretary shall manage the oil and gas program on the Coastal Plain in a manner similar to the administration of lease sales under the Naval Petroleum Reserves Pro-duction Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) (in-cluding regulations). (4) R
OYALTIES .—Notwithstanding the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), the royalty rate for leases issued pursuant to this section shall be 16.67 percent. (5) R
ECEIPTS .—Notwithstanding the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), of the amount of adjusted bonus, rental, and royalty receipts derived from the oil and gas program and operations on Federal land authorized under this section— (A) 50 percent shall be paid to the State of Alaska; and (B) the balance shall be deposited into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. (c) 2 L
EASE SALES WITHIN 10 Y EARS.— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall conduct not fewer than 2 lease sales area-wide under the oil and gas program under this section by not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (B) S
ALE ACREAGES ; SCHEDULE .— (i) A
CREAGES .—The Secretary shall offer for lease under the oil and gas program under this section— (I) not fewer than 400,000 acres area-wide in each lease sale; and (II) those areas that have the highest poten-tial for the discovery of hydrocarbons. (ii) S
CHEDULE .—The Secretary shall offer— (I) the initial lease sale under the oil and gas program under this section not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act; and (II) a second lease sale under the oil and gas program under this section not later than 7 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) R
IGHTS -OF-WAY.—The Secretary shall issue any rights-of-way or easements across the Coastal Plain for the exploration, development, production, or transportation necessary to carry out this section. (3) S
URFACE DEVELOPMENT .—In administering this section, the Secretary shall authorize up to 2,000 surface acres of Federal land on the Coast-al Plain to be covered by production and sup-port facilities (including airstrips and any area covered by gravel berms or piers for support of pipelines) during the term of the leases under the oil and gas program under this section. 
SEC. 20002. LIMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF DIS-TRIBUTED QUALIFIED OUTER CONTI-NENTAL SHELF REVENUES. 
Section 105(f)(1) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note; Public Law 109–432) is amended by striking ‘‘exceed $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2055.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘exceed— ‘‘(A) $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019; ‘‘(B) $650,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021; and ‘‘(C) $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2055.’’. 
SEC. 20003. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE DRAWDOWN AND SALE. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell from the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve 7,000,000 barrels of crude oil during the pe-riod of fiscal years 2026 through 2027. (2) D
EPOSIT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED FROM  
SALE.—Amounts received from a sale under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the sale occurs. (b) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—The Secretary of Energy shall not draw down and sell crude oil under subsection (a) in a quantity that would limit the authority to sell petroleum prod-ucts under subsection (h) of section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241) in the full quantity authorized by that subsection. (c) LIMITATION .—The Secretary of Energy shall not drawdown or conduct sales of crude oil under subsection (a) after the date on which a total of $600,000,000 has been deposited in the general fund of the Treasury from sales author-ized under that subsection. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Brady of Texas moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 668, the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) each will control 10 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, both the House and now the Senate have taken action on legis-lation to reform America’s Tax Code for the first time in 31 years. Unfortu-nately, two targeted provisions did not meet Senate rules and had to be re-moved. Today, the process continues to move forward, and, with this vote, it will be the House, the people’s House, that of-ficially sends this historic legislation to President Trump’s desk. I know the American people are ex-cited. More than that, I know they are feeling a sense of relief. They are re-lieved that, for the first time in years, they are going to see more money in their paychecks that they can keep. Think about that middle-income family of four, earning $70,000 a year. These are working families, and the tax cut of more than $2,000 they will see under this bill, that $2,000 is real money. It is real money these families worked hard to earn, but, until now, they have had to send it to Washington instead of being able to use it for their own needs, whether that is paying bills, saving for the future, or putting new tires on a car. Think about the relief our job cre-ators and our workers will feel. For so long, Americans have barely seen any growth in their paychecks, yet they are going to their jobs every day, and they are working harder than ever. b1200 With this bill, that hard work is fi-nally going to be rewarded, and we are going to see the growth of jobs and paychecks like we haven’t seen in years. For our businesses, large and small, no matter if they are a small startup with just three workers or a large com-pany with 3,000, they are finally going to have a Tax Code that works with them as they grow, innovate, and in-vest in our communities. They are going to see relief from complexity and high rates and the feeling they are al-ways having to compete with one hand tied behind their back. For all these Americans, all the hard-working men, women, and families who bring life to our communities and to our economy, I think the major source of relief is knowing that, starting in the new year, none of us has to accept this broken Tax Code and this slow- growth status in America any longer. With the new tax system we will de-liver today, things will change for the better, and they will change imme-diately. This new Tax Code will be sim-ple, it will be fair, and it will be fo-cused on the needs of the American people, not on Washington’s special in-terests. This new Tax Code will be modern. It will be competitive. It will create more good-paying jobs right here in our com-munities, not drive them overseas. Above all, this new Tax Code, Amer-ica’s Tax Code, will not belong to the special interests anymore. It will be-long to the American people. It will help more Americans realize their own American Dream, whatever that may be. For all the Americans who struggle and who have been left behind under today’s broken Tax Code, that has to be the biggest relief of all. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the distinguished leader of the Democratic Party. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time, and, once again, I commend him for being a champion of middle class fami-lies. I want my colleagues all to hear the esteem in which we hold our Demo-cratic members of the Ways and Means Committee. I thank you. Thank you very much, Mr. N
EAL, for being our ranking member and for your extraor-dinary leadership on behalf of Amer-ica’s middle class working families, and that includes millions of veterans. Thank you. Mr. Speaker, today is a very sad day in the history of America because we have, on the floor, probably the worst bill in recent time to come to the floor. That doesn’t mean it doesn’t have stiff competition from other legislation the Republicans have brought to the floor, but this is the worst because so many people are affected in such a negative way and because trillions of dollars of impact on our economy have been voted upon without any hearing, with-out any hearing from the people who will be most affected by it—no hear-ings, no experts, no listening to the American people. Yesterday, our Republican colleagues stood on this floor and voted for a GOP tax scam that the American people op-pose 2 to 1. Our Republican colleagues stood on the floor and cheered. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.011 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10309 December 20, 2017 
cheered a bill that will raise taxes on 86 million middle class families and hand a staggering 83 percent of its tax cuts to the wealthiest 1 percent. Shamefully, the Republicans were cheering against the children as they robbed from their future and ransacked the middle class to reward the rich. Today, the Republicans take their victory lap for successfully pillaging the American middle class to benefit the powerful and the privileged. I come to the floor with stories of men and women and children that Re-publicans shamefully cheered against yesterday. Yesterday, I wish the Republicans had heard, as we did, the story of Ady Barkan, 30 years old, father of a beau-tiful baby son, and Ady is suddenly stricken with ALS, 30 years old. From his wheelchair, with a strong but wavering voice, he begged Congress not to pass this bill. He pleaded with anyone who would listen not to vote for this tax scam that will raise his health benefits and condemn Medicaid to devastating cuts as the logical next step. He has been lobbying on Capitol Hill against this bill for a while. Ady said yesterday it would do so much damage. 
It would deprive me of the Medicaid I need to stay alive a little longer and see baby Carl learn to read and teach him how to play chess and watch him go to first grade. 
But Republicans didn’t listen, said ‘‘no,’’ and cheered. Yesterday, we heard the story, and I wish our Republican friends could have heard it, of Laura Hatcher, mother of sweet and kind 11-year-old Simon, one of the Little Lobbyists. Simon has a rare disease and cerebral palsy. His mother spoke of how their family watches the Muppet version of ‘‘A Christmas Carol’’ and how Simon sees himself in Tiny Tim, another kind boy with braces on his legs. Unfortu-nately, this story, as of today, does not have the same kind of happy ending as ‘‘A Christmas Carol.’’ But the story is not over, and like Tiny Tim, Simon and his family now find their future in danger because of the greed of those with power, the cru-elty that is in the heart of the tax scam. As Simon’s mother, Laura, said: 
Very soon I could, once again, be facing a future where I don’t know how I will be able to care for my child. This is a thought I sim-ply find too difficult to bear. 
Since you didn’t hear yesterday, I will go on to say what she said. 
We parents of medically complex kids un-derstand consequences. We know what will happen if this tax bill passes, if our country does not turn from this destructive and im-moral path. 
But the Republicans didn’t listen. They said ‘‘no,’’ and they cheered. They cheered against Simon because Republicans value the wishes of the special interest lobbyists over the Lit-tle Lobbyists, the voices of Little Lob-byists, sick children standing up for themselves and for their siblings, chil-dren standing with their siblings. Yesterday, we heard from faith lead-ers, too. They implored Congress to re-ject this bill that punishes working families and rewards the wealthiest 1 percent. I repeat: 83 percent of the benefits go to the top 1 percent; 86 million Amer-ican working middle class families will have their taxes raised. Sister Simone said she wept for the fact that our Representatives are not weeping over the damage they are doing to families across America. They challenged us to honor our faith in this holy season, to remember that our first responsibility is to those who have the least, not to enrich those who are already privileged and power-ful. They challenged us to heed not only the message of Christmas, but to re-member the words of Jesus enshrined in the Gospel of Matthew. But Republicans didn’t listen. They said ‘‘no.’’ They cheered. They cheered. They cheered against little Simon. They cheered against Ady Barkan. They cheered against people in need. The GOP tax scam is a monumental con job, but who got conned? President Trump will sign the bill whenever he signs it. I know it is supposed to be today, but I hear the special interests are weighing in for him to delay it for some reason or another. President Trump will sign a bill that betrays the promises he made in the campaign. President Trump promised to elimi-nate the carried interest loophole; yet the Republicans wrote a tax scam that not only continues this outrageous loophole, but it gives even more loop-holes to the wealthy and well con-nected. President Trump promised to stop corporations from shipping jobs over-seas, but Republicans wrote a tax scam that gives corporate America even big-ger incentives to ship jobs overseas. President Trump promised tax re-form focused on middle class families, tax breaks for middle class families. Republicans wrote a tax scam that raises taxes on 86 million middle class families in our country. President Trump promised he would protect Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security, but Republicans wrote a tax plan to explode the deficit and use it as an excuse to cut Medicare and Med-icaid. They have made no secret of their plans. They have even said this week, to raise the Social Security age. So who got conned? Did the people get conned by the promises? Did the President get conned by the Repub-licans? Is he signing a bill that betrays his promises to the American people? It is all about the Republicans in Congress. They have in their DNA trickle-down economics. Tax breaks for the rich, tax breaks for corporations, and the former Speaker even said: If trickle-down creates jobs, that would be good. If it doesn’t, so be it. That is the free market. As Republicans head to the White House for their victory lap, hopefully they won’t trip over the wheelchair of Ady Barkan and other Americans with preexisting conditions. I caution them not to trip over the wheelchair of Simon Hatcher and other children with severe medical needs. They will be in the path of your vic-tory lap. Don’t trip over the sisters and broth-ers and mothers and fathers who tend to the health and well-being of their sick children and their siblings and who will not stop fighting to protect them. I told you yesterday in a public forum: I caution you not to get in the way of a mother and father of a child with special needs and disabilities or extreme medical conditions. They will do anything to protect that child, and they notice what you are doing here. 
As you are on this victory lap, you will probably have to put on earphones so you can block out the pleas of faith leaders speaking up for hardworking American families. I know the Republicans want to talk so they can’t hear the truth about their bill, but the American people won’t forget the false representations you have made. They won’t forget how loudly you cheered when you hurt their families, their children with special needs, their families struggling to at-tain some financial stability. And why? These people say to me: How could they be so cruel as to put the health provision in this bill that would possibly eliminate 13 million people from the rolls of health insur-ance? How could they do that? Why did they do that? Why? The answer is always the same: to give them room to give tax breaks to the wealthiest people in our country and to corporate America, unpaid for, permanently. Our distinguished colleague from Massachusetts will show his credit card again today. They are putting this bill on a credit card that our children are going to have to pay for, robbing from their future. This holiday they are talking about giving people a Christmas present? Well, Joe Sixpack, whom the President said he was there to help, and I hope that that is true, Joe Sixpack will be delivering the champagne to their par-ties. That is how this is. This isn’t about anything better for working class families. This is about cham-pagne glasses clinking and wealthy families across the country. I don’t begrudge them their success or their wealth or their achievement. I just don’t want to see it at the exploi-tation of America’s working families. Shame on you for voting for this out-rageous theft from the American mid-dle class. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to do the right thing in this people’s House and vote ‘‘no’’ on behalf of the American people. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.031 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10310 December 20, 2017 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, we hear a lot of false claims these days by opponents of tax reform. We hear that this isn’t relief for the middle class, that people will see their taxes increase. But the Tax Policy Center, the most liberal eco-nomic group there is, just grudgingly admitted yesterday that 90 percent of Americans will see real tax cuts in this Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. In fact, the only ones who won’t are the one-tenth of 1 percent who could. We hear today about betrayal. Well, let’s talk about that. This tax reform bill doubles the child tax credit and expands it to nearly four times as many Americans, helping them with the expensive costs of childcare. Democrats oppose helping our parents raise their children. That is betrayal. b1215 In this tax reform bill, we increase the amount of medical expenses Ameri-cans can write off—medical expenses driven up by ObamaCare. Democrats oppose helping families write off these costs. That is betrayal. Now we are expanding the number of Americans who can, and how much, give in charity to our churches and to their causes. Democrats oppose helping people give to the community and to the causes they believe in. That is be-trayal. In this bill, we, for the first time, allow families who are saving for their kids’ future to be able to use that and transfer it to the new ABLE accounts because their child has special needs and may need help throughout their life. Democrats oppose letting families save for their disabled children’s fu-ture. That is betrayal. Then we hear over and over again how some stand for small business, our Main Street businesses. Republicans, for the first time ever, provide a 20 per-cent deduction for our Main Street and small businesses across America. Democrats oppose helping our Main Street businesses. That is betrayal. For too long, we have watched our jobs move overseas. This changes. This tax cut bill brings those jobs back and, more importantly, allows our compa-nies, when they compete and win around the world, to bring those dol-lars back to be reinvested in our com-munities, in jobs, in manufacturing, and in research. Democrats oppose bringing jobs back to America and bringing those dollars back to reinvest in our community. Mr. Speaker, that is betrayal. At the end of the day, we have a choice. Do we give back to families, parents, small businesses, and to Amer-ica the hope and opportunity of a new economy driven by what is important to them, not what is important to spe-cial interests in Washington, D.C.? That is what this bill is all about. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, the President just said in the last few minutes that the most important part of this legislation is the corporate tax cuts. Stop the nonsense that you are doing this for the middle class. In the 20 hours that have elapsed, Mr. Speaker, since we last had this debate, we were promised a number of things. The only thing they left out was that this tax bill was going to stem the tides, take us to Mars tomorrow, and the Cleveland Browns were going to win the Super Bowl. The certainty of what they are tell-ing us—if the stockmarket goes up, then they did it. The stockmarket has been going up since March of 2009. They talk about economic growth. Economic growth has now proceeded for 88 straight months. They keep telling us the rocket is about to launch because of this tax bill. Do you know what is great about this, Mr. Speaker? Reporters outside are starting to ask: Are you going to help them out if all of these things don’t occur in the way they have said they are going to occur? I said: After the appropriate period of review. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), who is the Demo-cratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the other thing that the chairman did not say is that, after your last round of tax cuts, we had the deepest recession anybody in this body has experienced, starting in December 2007, when you had the Presidency, the House, and the Senate. You are at it again. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sadness and disappointment that the House passed such an irresponsible, dangerous, and debt-exploding legislation yesterday. We should be better than this. We should be more responsible than this. This bill gives 83 percent of its bene-fits to just 1 percent of the richest Americans. Why didn’t we have it reversed and give 83 percent to the people you talk about, Mr. Chairman? It takes 13 million people off their health insurance coverage and it raises the deficit by $1.5 trillion. There can be little doubt that the majority party is fixated on cutting taxes for the richest in our country. Defeat this bill. Do right by the American people. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, let’s talk deficits. Our Democrat opponents just hate the thought that we would give Americans back what they earned. In 2009, when President Obama lifted the national debt by $1.6 trillion—more than this tax bill—they cheered. In the next year, when President Obama raised the national debt by almost $2 trillion in 1 year, they cheered. Three more times, President Obama and Democrats raised our national debt more than $1 trillion every year. And now—now—they oppose it. Why? Because that was about Washington spending your money. This is about giving it back to the American people, and now, suddenly, you object. Two trillion dollars of deficit in 1 year. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. LEVIN), who is the longest- serving member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, if you will listen, this bill is trickle-down at its worst. Except for the very wealthy trickle, it is, at best, a trickle; and for millions, not even that; and for the economy at large, a discredited theory. It is a deficit time bomb. The Speaker said to the middle class: Don’t worry, the expiring tax cuts will surely be extended. That means the real deficit from this bill is $2.5 trillion, a humongous deficit wrapped in your hypocrisy—in your hy-pocrisy. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are again reminded that they should address their remarks to the Chair. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR). Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud the great work of the chair-man of the Ways and Means Com-mittee, my good friend from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) for his good work to overhaul America’s Tax Code to deliver historic tax relief for workers, families, and job creators. I resent the rhetoric from some of my friends on the other side of the aisle who talk about this as hurting disabled families. I am the brother of a disabled sister, and I am voting for this bill be-cause it helps families with loved ones with disabilities, like expanding the ABLE Act. I thank Chairman B
RADY for working with me and others to address a provi-sion in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which would negatively impact work- study colleges, such as Berea College in my district. The gentleman has fulfilled his com-mitment to me to fix this problem in the conference committee for work- study colleges and other small schools so that their endowments would be ex-empt from the excise tax on large col-lege endowments. Regrettably, last night, Senate Democrats used procedural rules to in-sist that this exemption be stripped out of the final conference report. It is unfortunate that they put partisan pol-itics ahead of ensuring that students— many of whom are low-income and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.033 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10311 December 20, 2017 
first-generation college students—at work-study colleges would continue to be able to receive a tuition-free edu-cation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, these are first-generation college students who receive a tuition-free education. I know that Chairman B
RADY shares my commitment and that of Chairman R
OGERS , Senator M CCONNELL , and oth-ers to make sure that Berea College and other work-study colleges continue their important mission. Accordingly, I ask the gentleman’s commitment to work with me to per-manently exempt work-study colleges from the excise tax on endowment in-come in a timely manner, in the tax extenders, or another appropriate legis-lative vehicle as soon as possible. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. B
ARR for his leadership. The gentleman is cor-rect, Senate Democrats stripped this out. I am committed to working with the gentleman to find a permanent so-lution to this problem as soon as pos-sible. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS), who is an extraordinary man. Our friend is the ranking member of the Oversight Subcommittee. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, taxpayers stood up and spoke out against Republicans lining the pockets of their donors by any means necessary. Did you hear their cries? Can you feel their pain? You did not, Mr. Speaker. You chose to turn a deaf ear and a blind eye to their hopes and their dreams. This bill is a shame and a disgrace. Mr. Speaker, I urge each of you to be on the side of the people, on the side of history, and to vote against this bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ), who is a valued member of the Ways and Means Committee and the ranking member of the Tax Policy Subcommittee. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, we are here solely because of Republican blun-ders. Hardly the first blunder. Many more blunders will need correcting from this trumped-up partisan bill. If President Trump blunders into signing it today, it will trigger $25 bil-lion in Medicare cuts. This sad bill is left without any name. Like other towers, this towering monstrosity should be called ‘‘Trump’’- the ‘‘Trump Inequality Act,’’ the ‘‘Trump Family Enrichment Act,’’ or perhaps just call it the ‘‘Whopper’’ be-cause it is a lie wrapped in lies. The truth will eventually catch up with these lies. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. THOMPSON ), who is a Viet-nam veteran and a distinguished mem-ber of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, this is one of the most impor-tant bills that any of us will ever vote on—no hearings, no expert witnesses— and now we get 30 seconds on the floor to debate it. So let me just use my 30 seconds to say that this is a bad bill for working families. It is going to cause middle class working families to pay more in taxes. It is going to strap our citizens with $2.3 trillion more of national debt. I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ), who is the chair-man of the Democratic Caucus and a valued member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, a revote—a revote—within less than 24 hours of original passage. This proves that this bill is rotten to its core. But here is what the Republicans aren’t going to fix: They didn’t fix the fact that this bill won’t provide economic security to hardworking families. They didn’t fix the fact that this bill will subsidize mansions for the wealthy, not renters or first-time home buyers. They didn’t fix the fact that it won’t help families save for education or their retirement. They didn’t fix the fact that it will saddle our grandchildren with $2 tril-lion of debt. Mr. Speaker, this bill is not an in-vestment in hardworking men and women or Americans. In fact, it rips healthcare from 13 million Americans. It is an investment in the GOP’s base— corporate special interests—the wealthiest among the wealthiest, and the entire Trump empire. This bill is a political calculation they think will get them a win on election day. But be warned: Americans are fed up and fired up. They know their cronies are laughing all the way to the bank. But the American people are orga-nizing all the way to November. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS), who is a cham-pion of any and all things Chicago. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, think of Robin Hood in re-verse: take from the poor and give to the rich. When you take away social safety net programs and when you take away Medicare and Medicaid, then it re-minds me of Marie Antoinette. When the people had no bread, she said: Let them eat cake. I was opposed to this before it was re-leased, I was opposed yesterday, I will be opposed tomorrow, and I will be op-posed next week. It is no good for the American people. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, might I in-quire as to how much time is remain-ing? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 31⁄2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 1 minute remaining. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close on this side, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, so in 1 month we have taken the entire revenue system of the United States without hearing from one expert witness, without having had one public hearing, without using any precedent, and we changed the entire tax system of the country, tilting it clearly to the people at the very top. b1230 When they say, as they certainly will, ‘‘We have been doing hearings for 5 years,’’ we never had one hearing on this legislation. Not one. We did not seek testimony from one witness in the conference committee. We got to offer opening statements and no amend-ments. There was no chance for any input on our side. More than anything else, this is a missed opportunity. This was a missed chance to take a system that we all know to have fallen into competitive failure across the globe. But instead, they decided to go it alone. So here is the way you want to think of this, for those of you who are fol-lowing this debate: They are borrowing $2.3 trillion for the purpose of cutting the top tax bracket from 39.6 percent to 37 percent and calling that middle class tax relief; They are doubling the exemption on the estate tax to $22 million and call-ing that middle class tax relief; They are eliminating the alternative minimum tax for people at the very top and calling it middle class tax relief. By the 10th year of this tax proposal, 83 percent of the benefit accrues to the people at the very top of our economic system. That is not in dispute. They say things like: Well, in 5 years, we are going to correct this measure. Then they talked about the idea that somehow this was about simplicity. When you get into the phase-ins and the phaseouts, you are all going to pass out from trying to read this tax pro-posal. The complexity they add to the sys-tem is unparalleled, all to secure a tax cut for people at the top. So here we are in the holiday season, and they are telling us, by the way, that if we just borrow this money, ev-erything is going to be fine. What did they say about borrowing when Bill Clinton was President? What 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.035 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10312 December 20, 2017 
did they say about borrowing when Barack Obama was President? They lectured us, day in and day out, in an unyielding manner, even though the economic performance of Clinton and Obama outweighed the two Repub-lican Presidents in between. So here is the game plan for the holi-day season. Do you know what the hol-iday hangover on your credit card is? People go out and use their credit cards, and they figure out all year how to try to pay for it. It is going to take you more than 10 years to try to pay for this, all upon the spurious notion that they guar-antee economic growth, as the Presi-dent said, by the way, that is going to exceed 6 percent. That is 6 percent. They are telling us that the stock market has gone up because of them, even though it has gone up since March of 2009. They are telling us now that this is going to spur unparalleled eco-nomic growth, even though the econ-omy has been growing for 88 straight months, all on the credit card for the American people. Mr. Speaker, this is the worst piece of legislation that has come from the House in the 29 years that I have served here, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I say to my Democratic colleagues: The worst bill in 29 years? With ObamaCare, don’t sell yourselves short. Today, we have a choice to make. We can either stick with the status quo— we just heard it—or we can take bold action to overhaul this broken Tax Code and restore hope, opportunity, and prosperity to Americans. Our choice is clear, and I have made mine. I will vote to send this bill to President Trump’s desk to get real tax reform done for the American people for the first time in 31 years. We will deliver for the American people. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to join me in support of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 668, the previous question is ordered on the motion to concur. The question is on the motion to con-cur by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to concur will be followed by a 5-minute vote on suspending the rules and passing H.R. 1159. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 224, nays 201, not voting 7, as follows: [Roll No. 699] YEAS—224 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NAYS—201 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin NOT VOTING—7 
Brooks (AL) Kennedy Napolitano Pocan Renacci Smith (TX) Thompson (MS) 
b1255 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent during rollcall vote No. 699 due to the death of my spouse. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on the Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 
f 
UNITED STATES AND ISRAEL SPACE COOPERATION ACT The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1159) to provide for continuing coopera-tion between the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Israel Space Agency, and for other pur-poses, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.037 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10313 December 20, 2017 
House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 411, nays 0, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 700] YEAS—411 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—20 
Bishop (GA) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Carter (TX) Comstock Grothman Hartzler Kennedy LaMalfa Meeks Napolitano Pocan Raskin Renacci Scott (VA) Smith (TX) Thompson (MS) Torres Young (AK) 
b1302 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent during rollcall votes No. 697, 698, and 700 due to a death in my family. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on ordering the previous question on H. Res. 668, ‘‘Nay’’ on agreeing to H. Res. 668 and ‘‘Yea’’ on H.R. 1159, United States and Israel Space Co-operation Act. 
f 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE RE-FORM AND TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 657, I call up the bill (H.R. 4015) to improve the qual-ity of proxy advisory firms for the pro-tection of investors and the U.S. econ-omy, and in the public interest, by fos-tering accountability, transparency, responsiveness, and competition in the proxy advisory firm industry, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BOST). Pursuant to House Resolution 657, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–46 is adopt-ed, and the bill, as amended, is consid-ered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 4015 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Corporate Gov-ernance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) S ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.—Sec- tion 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(81) P
ROXY ADVISORY FIRM .—The term ‘proxy advisory firm’ means any person who is pri-marily engaged in the business of providing proxy voting research, analysis, ratings, or rec-ommendations to clients, which conduct con-stitutes a solicitation within the meaning of sec-tion 14 and the Commission’s rules and regula-tions thereunder, except to the extent that the person is exempted by such rules and regula-tions from requirements otherwise applicable to persons engaged in a solicitation. ‘‘(82) P
ERSON ASSOCIATED WITH A PROXY ADVI -
SORY FIRM .—The term ‘person associated with’ a proxy advisory firm means any partner, officer, or director of a proxy advisory firm (or any per-son occupying a similar status or performing similar functions), any person directly or indi-rectly controlling, controlled by, or under com-mon control with a proxy advisory firm, or any employee of a proxy advisory firm, except that persons associated with a proxy advisory firm whose functions are clerical or ministerial shall not be included in the meaning of such term. The Commission may by rules and regulations classify, for purposes or any portion or portions of this Act, persons, including employees con-trolled by a proxy advisory firm.’’. (b) A
PPLICABLE DEFINITIONS .—As used in this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission; and (2) the term ‘‘proxy advisory firm’’ has the same meaning as in section 3(a)(81) of the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934, as added by this Act. 
SEC. 3. REGISTRATION OF PROXY ADVISORY FIRMS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is amended by inserting after section 15G the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 15H. REGISTRATION OF PROXY ADVISORY FIRMS. 
‘‘(a) C ONDUCT PROHIBITED .—It shall be un-lawful for a proxy advisory firm to make use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce to provide proxy voting re-search, analysis, or recommendations to any cli-ent, unless such proxy advisory firm is reg-istered under this section. ‘‘(b) R
EGISTRATION PROCEDURES .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A proxy advisory firm must file with the Commission an application for reg-istration, in such form as the Commission shall require, by rule or regulation, and containing the information described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—An applica-tion for registration under this section shall contain information regarding— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.040 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10314 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(i) a certification that the applicant is able to consistently provide proxy advice based on accurate information; ‘‘(ii) the procedures and methodologies that the applicant uses in developing proxy voting recommendations, including whether and how the applicant considers the size of a company when making proxy voting recommendations; ‘‘(iii) the organizational structure of the ap-plicant; ‘‘(iv) whether or not the applicant has in ef-fect a code of ethics, and if not, the reasons therefor; ‘‘(v) any potential or actual conflict of inter-est relating to the ownership structure of the applicant or the provision of proxy advisory services by the applicant, including whether the proxy advisory firm engages in services ancil-lary to the provision of proxy advisory services such as consulting services for corporate issuers, and if so the revenues derived therefrom; ‘‘(vi) the policies and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest under subsection (f); and ‘‘(vii) any other information and documents concerning the applicant and any person associ-ated with such applicant as the Commission, by rule, may prescribe as necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of in-vestors. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
NITIAL DETERMINATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the application for registration is filed with the Commission under paragraph (1) (or within such longer pe-riod as to which the applicant consents) the Commission shall— ‘‘(i) by order, grant registration; or ‘‘(ii) institute proceedings to determine wheth-er registration should be denied. ‘‘(B) C
ONDUCT OF PROCEEDINGS .— ‘‘(i) C
ONTENT .—Proceedings referred to in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) shall— ‘‘(I) include notice of the grounds for denial under consideration and an opportunity for hearing; and ‘‘(II) be concluded not later than 120 days after the date on which the application for reg-istration is filed with the Commission under paragraph (1). ‘‘(ii) D
ETERMINATION .—At the conclusion of such proceedings, the Commission, by order, shall grant or deny such application for reg-istration. ‘‘(iii) E
XTENSION AUTHORIZED .—The Commis-sion may extend the time for conclusion of such proceedings for not longer than 90 days, if it finds good cause for such extension and pub-lishes its reasons for so finding, or for such longer period as to which the applicant con-sents. ‘‘(C) G
ROUNDS FOR DECISION .—The Commis-sion shall grant registration under this sub-section— ‘‘(i) if the Commission finds that the require-ments of this section are satisfied; and ‘‘(ii) unless the Commission finds (in which case the Commission shall deny such registra-tion) that— ‘‘(I) the applicant has failed to certify to the Commission’s satisfaction that it is able to con-sistently provide proxy advice based on accurate information and to materially comply with the procedures and methodologies disclosed under paragraph (1)(B) and with subsections (f) and (g); or ‘‘(II) if the applicant were so registered, its registration would be subject to suspension or revocation under subsection (e). ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION .— Subject to section 24, the Commission shall make the information and documents submitted to the Commission by a proxy advisory firm in its com-pleted application for registration, or in any amendment submitted under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (c), publicly available on the Commission’s website, or through another com-parable, readily accessible means. ‘‘(c) UPDATE OF REGISTRATION .— ‘‘(1) U
PDATE .—Each registered proxy advisory firm shall promptly amend and update its appli-cation for registration under this section if any information or document provided therein be-comes materially inaccurate, except that a reg-istered proxy advisory firm is not required to amend the information required to be filed under subsection (b)(1)(B)(i) by filing informa-tion under this paragraph, but shall amend such information in the annual submission of the organization under paragraph (2) of this subsection. ‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 90 cal-endar days after the end of each calendar year, each registered proxy advisory firm shall file with the Commission an amendment to its reg-istration, in such form as the Commission, by rule, may prescribe as necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of in-vestors— ‘‘(A) certifying that the information and doc-uments in the application for registration of such registered proxy advisory firm continue to be accurate in all material respects; and ‘‘(B) listing any material change that oc-curred to such information or documents during the previous calendar year. ‘‘(d) C
ENSURE , DENIAL , ORSUSPENSION OF  R
EGISTRATION ; N OTICE AND HEARING .—The Commission, by order, shall censure, place limi-tations on the activities, functions, or oper-ations of, suspend for a period not exceeding 12 months, or revoke the registration of any reg-istered proxy advisory firm if the Commission finds, on the record after notice and oppor-tunity for hearing, that such censure, placing of limitations, suspension, or revocation is nec-essary for the protection of investors and in the public interest and that such registered proxy advisory firm, or any person associated with such an organization, whether prior to or subse-quent to becoming so associated— ‘‘(1) has committed or omitted any act, or is subject to an order or finding, enumerated in subparagraph (A), (D), (E), (H), or (G) of sec-tion 15(b)(4), has been convicted of any offense specified in section 15(b)(4)(B), or is enjoined from any action, conduct, or practice specified in subparagraph (C) of section 15(b)(4), during the 10-year period preceding the date of com-mencement of the proceedings under this sub-section, or at any time thereafter; ‘‘(2) has been convicted during the 10-year pe-riod preceding the date on which an application for registration is filed with the Commission under this section, or at any time thereafter, of— ‘‘(A) any crime that is punishable by impris-onment for one or more years, and that is not described in section 15(b)(4)(B); or ‘‘(B) a substantially equivalent crime by a for-eign court of competent jurisdiction; ‘‘(3) is subject to any order of the Commission barring or suspending the right of the person to be associated with a registered proxy advisory firm; ‘‘(4) fails to furnish the certifications required under subsections (b)(2)(C)(ii)(I) and (c)(2); ‘‘(5) has engaged in one or more prohibited acts enumerated in paragraph (1); or ‘‘(6) fails to maintain adequate financial and managerial resources to consistently offer advi-sory services with integrity, including by failing to comply with subsections (f) or (g). ‘‘(e) T
ERMINATION OF REGISTRATION .— ‘‘(1) V
OLUNTARY WITHDRAWAL .—A registered proxy advisory firm may, upon such terms and conditions as the Commission may establish as necessary in the public interest or for the pro-tection of investors, which terms and conditions shall include at a minimum that the registered proxy advisory firm will no longer conduct such activities as to bring it within the definition of proxy advisory firm in section 3(a)(81) of the Se-curities Exchange Act of 1934, withdraw from registration by filing a written notice of with-drawal to the Commission. ‘‘(2) COMMISSION AUTHORITY .—In addition to any other authority of the Commission under this title, if the Commission finds that a reg-istered proxy advisory firm is no longer in exist-ence or has ceased to do business as a proxy ad-visory firm, the Commission, by order, shall can-cel the registration under this section of such registered proxy advisory firm. ‘‘(f) M
ANAGEMENT OF CONFLICTS OF INTER-
EST.— ‘‘(1) O
RGANIZATION POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .—Each registered proxy advisory firm shall establish, maintain, and enforce written policies and procedures reasonably designed, taking into consideration the nature of the busi-ness of such registered proxy advisory firm and associated persons, to address and manage any conflicts of interest that can arise from such business. ‘‘(2) C
OMMISSION AUTHORITY .—The Commis-sion shall issue final rules to prohibit, or require the management and disclosure of, any conflicts of interest relating to the offering of proxy advi-sory services by a registered proxy advisory firm, including, without limitation, conflicts of inter-est relating to— ‘‘(A) the manner in which a registered proxy advisory firm is compensated by the client, or any affiliate of the client, for providing proxy advisory services; ‘‘(B) the provision of consulting, advisory, or other services by a registered proxy advisory firm, or any person associated with such reg-istered proxy advisory firm, to the client; ‘‘(C) business relationships, ownership inter-ests, or any other financial or personal interests between a registered proxy advisory firm, or any person associated with such registered proxy ad-visory firm, and any client, or any affiliate of such client; ‘‘(D) transparency around the formulation of proxy voting policies; ‘‘(E) the execution of proxy votes if such votes are based upon recommendations made by the proxy advisory firm in which someone other than the issuer is a proponent; ‘‘(F) issuing recommendations where proxy advisory firms provide advisory services to a company; and ‘‘(G) any other potential conflict of interest, as the Commission deems necessary or appro-priate in the public interest or for the protection of investors. ‘‘(g) R
ELIABILITY OF PROXY ADVISORY FIRM S
ERVICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each registered proxy advi-sory firm shall have staff sufficient to produce proxy voting recommendations that are based on accurate and current information. Each reg-istered proxy advisory firm shall detail proce-dures sufficient to permit companies receiving proxy advisory firm recommendations access in a reasonable time to the draft recommendations, with an opportunity to provide meaningful com-ment thereon, including the opportunity to present details to the person responsible for de-veloping the recommendation in person or tele-phonically. Each registered proxy advisory firm shall employ an ombudsman to receive com-plaints about the accuracy of voting informa-tion used in making recommendations from the subjects of the proxy advisory firm’s voting rec-ommendations, and shall seek to resolve those complaints in a timely fashion and in any event prior to voting on the matter to which the rec-ommendation relates. If the ombudsman is un-able to resolve such complaints prior to voting on the matter, the proxy advisory firm shall in-clude in its final report to its clients a statement from the company detailing its complaints, if re-quested in writing by the company. ‘‘(2) R
EASONABLE TIME DEFINED .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘reasonable time’— ‘‘(A) means not less than 3 business days un-less otherwise defined through a final rule issued by the Commission; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.016 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10315 December 20, 2017 
‘‘(B) shall not otherwise interfere with a proxy advisory firm’s ability to provide its cli-ents with timely access to accurate proxy voting research, analysis, or recommendations. ‘‘(3) D
RAFT RECOMMENDATIONS DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘draft rec-ommendations’— ‘‘(A) means the overall conclusions of proxy voting recommendations prepared for the clients of a proxy advisory firm, including any public data cited therein, any company information or substantive analysis impacting the recommenda-tion, and the specific voting recommendations on individual proxy ballot issues; and ‘‘(B) does not include the entirety of the proxy advisory firm’s final report to its clients. ‘‘(h) D
ESIGNATION OF COMPLIANCE OFFICER .— Each registered proxy advisory firm shall des-ignate an individual responsible for admin-istering the policies and procedures that are re-quired to be established pursuant to subsections (f) and (g), and for ensuring compliance with the securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, including those promulgated by the Commission pursuant to this section. ‘‘(i) P
ROHIBITED CONDUCT .— ‘‘(1) P
ROHIBITED ACTS AND PRACTICES .—The Commission shall issue final rules to prohibit any act or practice relating to the offering of proxy advisory services by a registered proxy advisory firm that the Commission determines to be unfair, coercive, or abusive, including any act or practice relating to— ‘‘(A) conditioning a voting recommendation or other proxy advisory firm recommendation on the purchase by an issuer or an affiliate thereof of other services or products, of the registered proxy advisory firm or any person associated with such registered proxy advisory firm; and ‘‘(B) modifying a voting recommendation or otherwise departing from its adopted systematic procedures and methodologies in the provision of proxy advisory services, based on whether an issuer, or affiliate thereof, subscribes or will subscribe to other services or product of the reg-istered proxy advisory firm or any person associ-ated with such organization. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (1), or in any rules or regulations adopted thereunder, may be construed to mod-ify, impair, or supersede the operation of any of the antitrust laws (as defined in the first section of the Clayton Act, except that such term in-cludes section 5 of the Federal Trade Commis-sion Act, to the extent that such section 5 ap-plies to unfair methods of competition). ‘‘(j) S
TATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION .— Each registered proxy advisory firm shall, on a confidential basis, file with the Commission, at intervals determined by the Commission, such fi-nancial statements, certified (if required by the rules or regulations of the Commission) by an independent public auditor, and information concerning its financial condition, as the Com-mission, by rule, may prescribe as necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the pro-tection of investors. ‘‘(k) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Each registered proxy advisory firm shall, at the beginning of each fis-cal year of such firm, report to the Commission on the number of shareholder proposals its staff reviewed in the prior fiscal year, the number of recommendations made in the prior fiscal year, the number of staff who reviewed and made rec-ommendations on such proposals in the prior fiscal year, and the number of recommendations made in the prior fiscal year where the pro-ponent of such recommendation was a client of or received services from the proxy advisory firm. ‘‘(l) T
RANSPARENT POLICIES .—Each registered proxy advisory firm shall file with the Commis-sion and make publicly available its method-ology for the formulation of proxy voting poli-cies and voting recommendations. ‘‘(m) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) N
O WAIVER OF RIGHTS , PRIVILEGES , OR DE -
FENSES .—Registration under and compliance with this section does not constitute a waiver of, or otherwise diminish, any right, privilege, or defense that a registered proxy advisory firm may otherwise have under any provision of State or Federal law, including any rule, regu-lation, or order thereunder. ‘‘(2) NO PRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as creating any private right of action, and no report filed by a registered proxy advisory firm in accordance with this section or section 17 shall create a pri-vate right of action under section 18 or any other provision of law. ‘‘(n) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) N
EW PROVISIONS .—Such rules and regula-tions as are required by this section or are oth-erwise necessary to carry out this section, in-cluding the application form required under subsection (a)— ‘‘(A) shall be issued by the Commission, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section; and ‘‘(B) shall become effective not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW OF EXISTING REGULATIONS .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall— ‘‘(A) review its existing rules and regulations which affect the operations of proxy advisory firms; ‘‘(B) amend or revise such rules and regula-tions in accordance with the purposes of this section, and issue such guidance, as the Com-mission may prescribe as necessary or appro-priate in the public interest or for the protection of investors; and ‘‘(C) direct Commission staff to withdraw the Egan Jones Proxy Services (May 27, 2004), and Institutional Shareholder Services, Inc. (Sep-tember 15, 2004), no-action letters. ‘‘(o) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section, other than subsection (n), which shall apply on the date of enactment of this section, shall apply on the earlier of— ‘‘(1) the date on which regulations are issued in final form under subsection (n)(1); or ‘‘(2) 270 days after the date of enactment of this section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78q(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘proxy advisory firm,’’ after ‘‘nationally recog-nized statistical rating organization,’’. 
SEC. 4. COMMISSION ANNUAL REPORT. 
The Commission shall make an annual report publicly available on the Commission’s Internet website. Such report shall, with respect to the year to which the report relates— (1) identify applicants for registration under section 15H of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as added by this Act; (2) specify the number of and actions taken on such applications; (3) specify the views of the Commission on the state of competition, transparency, policies and methodologies, and conflicts of interest among proxy advisory firms; (4) include the determination of the Commis-sion with regards to— (A) the quality of proxy advisory services issued by proxy advisory firms; (B) the financial markets; (C) competition among proxy advisory firms; (D) the incidence of undisclosed conflicts of interest by proxy advisory firms; (E) the process for registering as a proxy advi-sory firm; and (F) such other matters relevant to the imple-mentation of this Act and the amendments made by this Act, as the Commission determines nec-essary to bring to the attention of the Congress; (5) identify problems, if any, that have re-sulted from the implementation of this Act and the amendments made by this Act; and (6) recommend solutions, including any legis-lative or regulatory solutions, to any problems identified under paragraphs (4) and (5). The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4015, the Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017, and I thank the sponsor of this legisla-tion, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), the chairman of the Hous-ing and Insurance Subcommittee of our committee, for offering this bill. Each year, Mr. Speaker, public com-panies hold shareholder meetings wherein shareholders vote for the com-panies’ directors and on other signifi-cant corporate actions that require shareholder approval. Mr. Speaker, the Securities and Ex-change Commission requires that, be-fore these annual shareholder meetings take place, public companies must pro-vide shareholders with proxy state-ments that include all important facts about matters to be voted on at a shareholder meeting. Many share-holders and investment advisers rely on information provided by proxy advi-sory firms to guide their votes on these matters. H.R. 4015 would enhance trans-parency in the shareholder proxy sys-tem by requiring proxy advisory firms to register with the SEC, disclose po-tential conflicts of interest and codes of ethics, and make their methodolo-gies public. Mr. Speaker, this is a pure disclosure bill, nothing more, nothing less. Proxy firms play an outsized role in the U.S. economy in shaping corporate govern-ance. They counsel pension plans, mu-tual funds, and other institutional in-vestors about how to vote the shares of corporations that they own. With respect to institutional inves-tors, Mr. Speaker, the share of institu-tional investor ownership was roughly 46 percent as recently as 1987, but today, that figure is more than 75 per-cent; in other words, the volume of proxy votes for which investors are re-sponsible has grown into the billions. In 2003, the SEC adopted a rule under the Investment Advisers Act that re-quires an investment adviser to vote in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.016 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10316 December 20, 2017 
the best interest of their clients’ own proxies. A series of SEC no-action let-ters give the investment adviser a fun-damental safe harbor from liability if they use a proxy adviser. As a result, institutional investors have increasingly relied on proxy advi-sory firms to help them decide how to vote their shares. However, regulators, market participants, and academic ob-servers have highlighted potential con-flicts of interest that are inherent in the business models and activities of proxy advisory firms. The committee, for example, is aware of numerous instances whereby the two largest proxy advisory firms have issued vote recommendations to share-holders that include errors, misstatements of facts, and incomplete analysis. For example, in one instance, a com-pany reported that, even though the total shareholder return the company actually had generated for its share-holders was 64 percent, a proxy advi-sory firm, Glass Lewis, erroneously re-ported this calculation to be 26 per-cent. Another company reported that ISS erroneously reported that the com-pany’s long-term cash awards will vest and pay out their maximum oppor-tunity in the event of a change in con-trol. Well, this was reported even though the company’s plan had been amended and approved by the share-holders years earlier in a manner that would pay out at target upon change in control, and there are many other ex-amples. Some proxy advisory firms’ rec-ommendations have been made without any contact to the public company at all, and then these same proxy advi-sory firms encourage companies to join their service in order to have the privi-lege to ‘‘influence’’ an advisory firm’s recommendations. I suspect, for many people, this simply does not pass the smell test. An industrial company told its share-holders, Mr. Speaker: ‘‘ISS’ negative recommendation was based on flawed analysis of our compensation programs that did not appropriately take into account the significant declines in our CEO’s pay in 2015 or the performance- based nature of our annual and long- term incentive compensation pro-grams.’’ A pharmaceutical company re-sponded to a proxy advisory firm’s rec-ommendations with this statement: ‘‘For the second year in a row, Glass Lewis did not include its full pay for performance analysis in this report. For shareholders who rely only on Glass Lewis materials to make voting decisions, there is no discussion of the company’s industry-leading perform-ance over this time period.’’ Again, Mr. Speaker, there are many, many more examples like these. So another concern that many people have, Mr. Speaker, is that the two larg-est proxy advisory firms collectively— collectively—make up 97 percent of the proxy advisory industry—97 percent. This monopolization and the lack of transparency regarding proxy advisory firms means that the writings, anal-ysis, reports, and voting recommenda-tions of these two firms have a dis-proportionate effect on fundamental corporate transactions like mergers or acquisitions, the approval of corporate directors, and shareholder proposals. In other words, these two firms have a huge impact on our economy. The bill of the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. D
UFFY ) helps address these concerns by setting up a new regu-latory regime for proxy advisory firms that looks out for the interest of inves-tors, shareholders, by ensuring they re-ceive complete information through the proxy process and can better vote in a manner consistent with share-holder interest as opposed to the poten-tial conflicted interest of a proxy firm. Mr. D
UFFY ’s bill also helps ensure that shareholders and their proxies have access to accurate information re-garding companies by allowing compa-nies to provide input on proxy rec-ommendations. This is especially im-portant for emerging growth compa-nies that rely heavily on investors. A bad proxy recommendation in which emerging growth companies can-not refute the recommendation can be devastating to those emerging growth companies and, thus, have a harmful impact on our economy. In a letter to our committee, the Bio-technology Innovation Organization wrote: ‘‘Small business innovators op-erate in a unique industry that values a strong relationship with investors. Yet they are often held to standards that are not applicable to their com-pany and forced to engage in proxy fights over issues that do not add value to shareholders.’’ H.R. 4015 would provide for SEC over-sight of proxy advisory firms, ensuring that they operate within appropriate boundaries and can be held accountable to regulators and the public. To be clear, Mr. Speaker, nothing in this bill permits companies to rewrite a proxy firm’s report or forces a proxy firm to change its recommendation based on feedback received from the company. In summary, H.R. 4015 will improve transparency in the proxy system and enhance shareholder access to informa-tion by ensuring that proxy advisory firms are registered with the SEC, dis-close potential conflicts of interest and codes of ethics, and make publicly available their methodologies for form-ing proxy recommendations and anal-ysis. For every Member who believes in investor protection and supports a healthier economy, they should sup-port H.R. 4015. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1315 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4015, the so-called Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act, would create an un-tested, inappropriate, and burdensome regulatory framework for proxy advi-sory firms, making it much more dif-ficult for shareholders to obtain unbi-ased research used to make well-in-formed voting decisions about the com-panies they own. Institutional investors, like pension funds and mutual funds, typically in-vest money on behalf of hardworking Americans in a large number of public companies. In exchange for their in-vestment, companies provide investors with shares of ownership and a say on important proposed changes to how the companies are run. These proposals may relate to who sits on the board of directors, how much executives are paid, environ-mental practices, employee minimum wage, and nondiscrimination policies. Shareholders often hire independent researchers called proxy advisory firms to help inform their voting decisions on the many proposals they consider each year. H.R. 4015 contains numerous provi-sions that would undermine proxy ad-visory firms and the shareholders that rely on them for unbiased advice. First, H.R. 4015 would essentially ful-fill the wishes of corporate manage-ment by regulating proxy advisory firms out of existence. The bill requires proxy advisory firms to register with the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion and authorizes the SEC to deny applications on a whim. Additionally, H.R. 4015 would force proxy advisers to publicly disclose their internal proprietary research methodologies and voting policies, which firms invest time and money into developing. The bill would also require proxy ad-visers to hire a sort of compliance de-partment dedicated entirely to the grievances of corporate management rather than the adviser’s own share-holder clients. These burdensome requirements would deter new proxy advisers from entering the market and squeeze out smaller, cost-sensitive firms. As a re-sult, shareholders would be faced with ever-increasing fees to obtain research from a shrinking universe of advisers. Second, H.R. 4015 would grant cor-porate management the right to review and weigh in on a proxy adviser’s draft recommendations before the share-holder-clients, who pay for the rec-ommendations, get to see a final re-port. If management raises a complaint that the adviser disagrees with, the bill allows management to get the last word by publishing its dissenting opin-ion in the adviser’s final report. In other words, the bill is the equivalent of requiring that a teacher clear a re-port card with a student before sending it to his or her parents. Finally, H.R. 4015 is unnecessary in light of existing Federal securities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.043 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10317 December 20, 2017 
laws. For example, some proxy advis-ers, such as the largest firm, Institu-tional Shareholder Services, are al-ready registered and regulated as in-vestment advisers under the Invest-ment Advisers Act of 1940. As such, they already owe heightened obliga-tions to their customers; must make regular, comprehensive disclosures to regulators and the public; and are sub-ject to periodic compliance examina-tions, among other legal responsibil-ities. Additionally, the SEC has al-ready provided guidance on due dili-gence and oversight related to proxy advisers. H.R. 4015 would replace this well-un-derstood guidance with a harmful and inappropriate regulatory regime that undermines investors’ ability to simply exercise their shareholder rights. Tellingly, nothing in H.R. 4015 ad-vances the bill’s purported goals of ‘‘fostering accountability, trans-parency, responsiveness, and competi-tion in the proxy advisory firm indus-try.’’ Shareholders hold corporations and their management accountable by cast-ing well-informed votes on important issues of corporate governance, includ-ing issues of diversity. For example, a recent study by Ernst & Young found that corporate board diversity and gen-der pay equity were key themes in the 2017 proxy season. Specifically, Ernst & Young found that over half of the in-vestors it interviewed included diver-sity as a board priority in 2017, and ‘‘proposals asking boards to report on and increase their board diversity are among the top shareholder proposals submitted this year.’’ H.R. 4015 would render these impor-tant accountability efforts ineffective, as the institutional shareholders driv-ing governance changes would be less able to obtain the research needed to inform voting decisions. Now, I can imagine that Americans listening to this debate may get con-fused that Republicans, who have been singularly focused on repealing impor-tant safeguards and protections for America’s consumers and investors, are now claiming that they are seeking to protect investors with these new rules, but, Mr. Speaker, if this bill truly helped investors, why have so many from all over America written letters to Congress opposing H.R. 4015? To name a few, the bill’s opponents include public pension funds and gov-ernment officials from California, Colo-rado, Connecticut, Florida, Illinois, New York, Ohio, Oregon, and Wash-ington. These investors joined a letter from Council of Institutional Investors stating that H.R. 4015 ‘‘would weaken corporate governance in the United States; undercut proxy advisory firms’ ability to uphold their fiduciary obli-gation to their investor clients; and re-orient any surviving firms to serve companies rather than investors.’’ Proponents of effective corporate governance, including Americans for Financial Reform, Consumer Federa-tion of America, Public Citizen, and Principles for Responsible Investment, have similarly written to oppose this bill. For example, the Consumer Fed-eration of America wrote that H.R. 4015 ‘‘would empower companies to bully proxy advisory firms into dropping their objections to management pro-posals or watering down their rec-ommendations.’’ Private institutional investors also agree that H.R. 4015 would leave share-holders reliant on biased information tilted toward the interests of company management. Sound corporate govern-ance requires shareholders to have ac-cess to impartial information when voting on key corporate issues. If our Nation’s investors, who provide the capital for businesses to grow jobs and our economy, are unable to hold corporations accountable, they will be increasingly reluctant to invest. H.R. 4015 would, thereby, hurt the very busi-nesses it purports to assist. Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing H.R. 4015. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds. Mr. Speaker, it is a historic day in America. Republicans deliver historic tax relief for working Americans and small businesses. The ranking member has articulated concern over burdensome require-ments. I look forward to working with her now on reducing the burdensome requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), the chairman of the Com-mittee on Financial Services’ Sub-committee on Capital Markets, Securi-ties, and Investments. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, as has been pointed out each year, public companies convene these shareholder meetings at which the companies’ shareholders vote for the companies’ directors and on other significant cor-porate actions that require shareholder approval. As part of this annual process, the Securities and Exchange Commission requires public companies to provide their shareholders with a proxy state-ment before those meetings. A proxy statement includes all im-portant facts about the matters to be voted on at the meeting, including, for example, information on board of di-rectors candidates, director compensa-tion, executive compensation, related party transactions, securities owner-ship by management, and eligible shareholder proposals. The information contained in the statement must be filed with the SEC before soliciting a shareholder vote on the election of directors and the ap-proval of these other corporate actions. Solicitations, whether by management or shareholders, must disclose all im-portant facts about the issues on which the shareholders are being asked to vote. Institutional investors, including in-vestment advisers to mutual funds and pension funds, typically hold shares in a large number of public companies. Each year, the investment advisers to these funds vote billions of shares on behalf of their clients on thousands of proxy ballot items. What you have heard about, really, was the theoretical way this is sup-posed to run. Unfortunately, that is not reality, and that is not what you are hearing from the other side, be-cause in 2003, the SEC adopted a rule under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, requiring an investment adviser that exercises voting authority over its clients’ proxies to adopt policies and procedures designed to ensure that the investment adviser votes those proxies in the best interests of their clients. Perfect. That is exactly what they should be doing. The SEC’s release adopting the rule clarified that ‘‘an adviser could dem-onstrate that the vote was not a prod-uct of a conflict of interest if it voted client securities, in accordance with a predetermined policy, based upon the recommendations of an independent third party.’’ Okay so far, but here is where we see the problem. As a result, institutional investors increase their reliance on these proxy adviser firms to help them decide how to vote their shares. In 2004, the SEC staff, without a Commission vote, just the staff, issued two ‘‘no action’’ letters ‘‘effectively blessing the practice of investment ad-visers simply voting the recommenda-tions provided by a proxy adviser,’’ ac-cording to SEC Commissioner Dan Gal-lagher. Largely, as a result of the SEC’s reg-ulation, proxy adviser firms now wield tremendous outside influence on the U.S. proxy system. Studies have shown that the two largest proxy adviser firms are comprised of approximately 97 percent of all the proxy advisory in-dustry and can control a significant percentage of share votes in corporate elections, which is sometimes as high as 40 percent. There have been numer-ous instances where these two firms have issued vote recommendations on publicly traded companies that include errors, misstatements of fact, and in-complete analysis. Additionally, some proxy advisory firms’ recommendations have been made without any sort of communica-tion or contact with the public com-pany that they are actually reviewing. In fact, these same proxy advisory firms even encourage companies to join their service on the other side of the ledger in order to have the privilege to ‘‘influence’’ an advisory firm’s rec-ommendations. Members heard from the ranking member about a teacher having to check with a student about what their grades are going to be as a student. Well, what this is, Mr. Speaker, this is the teacher shaking down the stu-dent for their lunch money and milk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.048 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10318 December 20, 2017 
money to make sure that they are be-having. So let’s talk about reality here. Regulators, market participants, and academic observers have highlighted potential conflicts of interest inherent to this business model and activities of these proxy firms. For example, proxy advisory firms may feel pressured by their largest clients, who may be activ-ist investors, to issue voting rec-ommendations that reflect those cli-ents’ specific agendas, not the boards’ or the corporations’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, addi-tionally, proxy advisory firms often provide voting recommendations to in-vestment advisers on matters for which they also provide consulting services to public companies. Talk about, again, a conflict of interest. Some proxy advisory firms also rate or score these public companies on their governance structures, policies, practices, and they are trying to actu-ally influence the corporate govern-ance practices of these companies. Essentially, these proxy advisory firms have hijacked the proxy system by aligning themselves with activist shareholders, who also might be their clients, to push social and political ini-tiatives rather than using shareholder votes to maximize shareholder value and increasing shareholder returns. b1330 Well, H.R. 4015 is to the rescue on this. It would foster greater account-ability, competition, responsiveness, and, most importantly of all, trans-parency. This legislation would ensure that voting recommendations at proxy advi-sory firms are, in fact, in the interest of long-term shareholders. So let’s not misunderstand. The role of these proxy advisory firms serves a very important place in our economy. However, these firms aren’t immune to conflicts of interest. The good work of my friend, Mr. D
UFFY , on H.R. 4015 will improve that transparency. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is not enough that my friends on the opposite side of the aisle just voted to give the biggest tax breaks to Amer-ica’s richest corporations. They are back here now supporting the control and the dominance of corporations over our investors who need protections. The difference between us and them, they are for deregulation of Dodd- Frank and protection for consumers to support, however they can give it, the biggest corporations in America. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the distin-guished ranking member of the Sub-committee on Capital Markets, Securi-ties, and Investments. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of investor protection and in opposition to H.R. 4015. Proxy advisers provide recommenda-tions to institutional investors on how to vote on board of director elections and shareholder resolutions. Big institutional investors are share-holders at thousands of public compa-nies, and they simply don’t have time to carefully review every single hun-dred-page proxy statement in detail, especially because most public compa-nies hold their shareholders meetings at about the same 3-month period. So institutional investors rely on proxy advisers for vote recommenda-tions, which are often tailored to the investor’s particular corporate govern-ance preferences. They also rely on proxy firms for their data management on shareholder votes and corporate governance. This is healthy. Proxy advisers do ac-tually have the time to carefully read all of the statements and proposals be-cause they are professionals that are hired to do just that. I agree that the current regulatory system for proxy advisers is not per-fect. Two proxy advisory firms account for 97 percent of the market—ISS and Glass Lewis—but, for some reason, they are regulated differently. ISS is a registered investment adviser, while Glass Lewis is not. Surely, this is not an ideal setup, so I am open to the idea of a better and more consistent regu-latory regime for proxy advisers. But there are several things in this bill that concern me deeply. I don’t see why companies should have a statutory right to receive and comment on a proxy adviser’s draft recommendations before they are sent to investors. Proxy advisers aren’t Federal agencies with a notice-and-comment for private companies. They are working for pri-vate companies that are providing a valuable service. This is not appro-priate at all. Asset managers that use proxy advis-ers also tell me that they would find proxy advisers a lot less useful if the proxy firm had to give the company an opportunity to comment on their vote recommendations before sending them to the asset manager. And a new addition to the bill is very troubling. This would raise the possi-bility of proxy advisers being forced to send the clients the companies’ own complaints about the proxy adviser’s recommendations, even if the com-plaint is completely untrue. This is totally inappropriate and, I would say, plain wrong. So while I am sympathetic to the idea that a better and more consistent regulatory regime could be developed, I cannot support this bill, and I have good company here. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from the Comptroller of the State of New York, Comptroller DiNapoli; a statement from the AFL– CIO of the United States of America; a statement from the Council of Institu-tional Investors; a statement from the Consumer Federation of America, and a statement by Glass Lewis. This is a troubling bill. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on it. It is bad for safety and soundness and for good governance in this country. STATE OF NEWYORK, O
FFICE OF THE STATE COMPTROLLER , Albany, NY, December 14, 2017. Re Opposition to H.R. 4015, Corporate Gov-ernance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017. D
EAR MEMBERS OF THE NYS C ONGRES -
SIONAL DELEGATION : I write to express my strong opposition to H.R. 4015, the Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017, which I understand will soon be voted on by the United States House of Represent-atives. I believe that H.R. 4015, if passed and enacted, would require unnecessary and ex-pensive regulation. Further, this legislation was not promoted by those it purports to protect: shareholders. It would weaken cor-porate accountability and shareholder over-sight, undercut proxy advisory firms’ invalu-able independence, increase costs to con-sumers of research and redirect proxy advi-sors to answer to companies rather than the clients it serves. As Comptroller of the State of New York, I am the Trustee of the New York State Common Retirement Fund (Fund) and the administrative head of the New York State and Local Retirement System (the System). As a fiduciary responsible for the benefits of over one million state and local government employees, retirees, and beneficiaries, I am especially troubled by H.R. 4015’s provisions that would weaken corporate accountability and shareholder oversight. The system of corporate governance that has evolved in the United States relies on the accountability of boards of directors to shareholders, and proxy voting is a critical means by which shareholders hold boards to account. Currently, proxy advisors provide shareholders of corporations with inde-pendent advice. The proposed bill threatens that very independence, which is integral to the responsible exercise of a shareholder’s voting rights. In public comments defending H.R. 4015, members of the Financial Services Com-mittee have voiced the erroneous assertions that proxy advisory firms dictate proxy vot-ing results and that institutional investors utilizing proxy advisors do not make their own voting decisions. I personally review and approve the Fund’s customized Proxy Voting and Corporate Governance Guidelines (Guidelines). In 2017, the Fund voted on near-ly 30,000 agenda items on its portfolio compa-nies’ proxy statements, and every single one of those items was voted pursuant to the guidelines which state: ‘‘proxy voting deci-sions are based on internal reviews of avail-able information relating to items on the ballot at each company’s annual meeting. . . . The Fund analyzes a variety of mate-rials from publicly available sources, which include but are not limited to, U.S. Securi-ties and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, analyst reports, relevant studies and mate-rials from proponents and opponents of shareholder proposals, third-party inde-pendent perspectives and studies, and anal-yses from several corporate governance advi-sory firms.’’ All of our proxy voting deci-sions are made independently and in the best interest of our System’s participants. Proxy advisory firms provide cost-effi-cient, informed, and independent research, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.049 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10319 December 20, 2017 
analysis, and advice for institutional share-holders, which often hold thousands of com-panies in their investment portfolios. The independence of that advice is absolutely es-sential, and if proxy advisors are required to obtain corporate review and rebuttals before releasing their research to investors, that independence would be compromised, depriv-ing public pension funds and other institu-tional investors of a vital resource. Such a requirement would also delay investors’ ac-cess to research in the already constricted time frame available to consider ballot issues and develop independent voting deci-sions in an informed fashion. As you consider your vote on this bill, please take into account the concerns I have expressed on behalf of the more than one million members, retirees and beneficiaries of the System for whom the Fund invests. Thank you for your consideration of this very important matter. Please feel free to contact me if you would like to discuss these issues further. Sincerely, T
HOMAS P. D INAPOLI , State Comptroller. 
AFL–CIO, Washington, DC, December 14, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the AFL–CIO, I am writing to express our strong opposition to the ‘‘Corporate Governance Re-form and Transparency Act of 2017’’ (H.R. 4015). H.R. 4015 will create a costly and un-tested regulatory regime for proxy advisory firms that provide research and voting rec-ommendations to shareholders. The bill claims to foster ‘‘accountability, trans-parency, responsiveness, and competition in the proxy advisory firm industry,’’ while in reality it will interfere with shareholders’ access to impartial analysis and undermine shareholders’ ability to hold corporate man-agement accountable. For example, H.R. 4015 will undermine in-vestors’ ability to hold corporate manage-ment responsible on issues such as executive pay. H.R. 4015 would give corporate execu-tives an effective veto over proxy advisor recommendations by enabling companies to delay vote recommendations. Corporate ex-ecutives will be able to object to any proxy voting recommendation that is contrary to their own preferences, including votes on their own executive compensation packages. The bill is based on the false idea that shareholders blindly follow the recommenda-tions of proxy advisors. In reality, proxy ad-visors provide independent and unbiased re-search on proxy votes to help investors for-mulate their own proxy voting decisions. This flawed bill will create unnecessary reg-ulations that undermine this free flow of in-formation to investors. For these reasons, we strongly urge you to vote against ‘‘Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017’’ (H.R. 4015). Sincerely, W
ILLIAM SAMUEL , Director, Government Affairs Department. 
COUNCIL OF INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS , Washington, DC, December 12, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Re H.R. 4015. D
EARMR. SPEAKER AND MINORITY LEADER  P
ELOSI : On behalf of the Council of Institu-tional Investors (CII or Council), we are writ-ing to express our opposition to H.R. 4015, which we understand will soon be voted on by the United States House of Representa-tives. CII is a nonpartisan, nonprofit association of public, corporate and union employee ben-efit funds, other employee benefit plans, state and local entities charged with invest-ing public assets, and foundations and en-dowments with combined assets under man-agement exceeding $3 trillion. CII’s member funds include major long-term shareowners with a duty to protect the retirement sav-ings of millions of workers and their fami-lies. The Council’s associate members in-clude a range of asset managers with more than $20 trillion in assets under manage-ment. Many of our members and other institu-tional investors voluntary contract with proxy advisory firms to obtain research re-ports to assist the funds in voting their prox-ies according to the funds’ own proxy voting guidelines. This contractual relationship provides investors a cost-efficient means of obtaining supplemental research on proxy voting issues, which is particularly bene-ficial since many funds hold thousands of companies in their investment portfolios. H.R. 4015 would establish a new federal reg-ulatory scheme for proxy advisory firms that would (1) grant ‘‘companies,’’ apparently meaning corporate management, the right to review the proxy advisory firms research re-ports before the paying customers—inves-tors—receive the reports; (2) mandate that the proxy advisory firms hire an ombudsman to receive and resolve corporation’s com-plaints; and (3) if the ombudsman to unable to resolve the complaints, and if the com-pany management submits a written re-quest, proxy advisory firms would be re-quired to publish company management’s dissenting statement. These provisions would result in the federal government inter-posing corporate management between in-vestors and those proxy advisory firms that investors hire to provide them with research on issues, such as executive compensation, in which corporate management can have its own interests, sometimes in conflict with in-vestors and with the corporate entity. Setting aside whether the provisions of H.R. 4015 are consistent with First Amend-ment rights of freedom of speech, the provi-sions are not practical. The provisions would require proxy advisory firms to provide the management teams of more than 4,000 cor-porations the opportunity to present de-tailed comments on the firm’s reports in a matter of weeks before the reports are pro-vided to investors. Thus, investors would have limited time to analyze the reports in the context of their own proxy voting guide-lines to arrive at informed voting decisions. Time is already tight, particularly in the spring ‘‘proxy season,’’ due to the limited pe-riod between a corporations’ publication of the annual meeting proxy materials and the date in which investors are permitted to vote on proxy issues. In addition, the provisions of H.R. 4015 would likely result in fewer market partici-pants in the proxy advisory firm industry. The provisions would add significant costs increasing barriers to new entrants and po-tentially leading some existing firms to exit the industry altogether. We also note that the United States De-partment of Treasury recently performed ex-tensive outreach to identify views of com-pany management teams and other market participants on proxy advisory firms in con-nection with its recently issued report to President Trump on ‘‘A Financial System that Creates Economic Opportunities, Cap-ital Markets.’’ In its report the Treasury found that ‘‘institutional investors, who pay for proxy advice and are responsible for vot-ing decisions, find the [proxy advisory firm] services valuable, especially in sorting through the lengthy and significant disclo-sures contained in proxy statements.’’ More significantly, the Treasury did not call for legislation of the proxy advisory firm indus-try. Finally, we have attached for your infor-mation and review a November 9, 2017 letter signed by 45 investors and investor organiza-tions describing in more detail the basis for their strong opposition to H.R. 4015. Thank you for considering our views. We would welcome the opportunity to discuss our perspective on this important issue with you or your staff in more detail. Sincerely, JEFFREY P. M AHONEY , General Counsel. 
CONSUMER FEDERATION OF AMERICA , December 18, 2017. Re Vote No on H.R. 4015, the ‘‘Corporate Governance Transparency Act’’. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : We understand the House is scheduled to vote this week on leg-islation (H.R. 4015, the Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act) that would undermine the ability of shareholders to get reliable, independent analysis of proxy issues on which they are asked to vote. We urge you to vote no. Although H.R. 4015 is presented as a bill to regulate proxy advisory firms in order to better protect investors and the economy, its effect would be to undermine their independ-ence, simultaneously increasing their costs and undermining their value to the investors who use their services. Indeed, several of the bill’s provisions are specifically designed to give the companies whose proxy proposals the firms are supposed to independently ana-lyze greater input into and influence over their recommendations. It would, for example, require proxy advi-sory firms to give companies a first look at their draft recommendations and an oppor-tunity to comment on them before any rec-ommendation to investors is finalized. Proxy advisory firms would also be re-quired to employ an ombudsman to take complaints about the accuracy of the voting materials from the companies that are sub-jects of the recommendations, and provide those companies with an opportunity to in-clude a comment in materials sent to inves-tors if their complaints are not resolved to their satisfaction. Together, these provisions would empower companies to bully proxy advisory firms into dropping their objections to management proposals or watering down their rec-ommendations. We certainly agree that proxy advisory firms should be subject to appropriate regu-lation. Rather than create a bureaucratic new regulatory regime for a handful of firms, however, we believe that is better achieved by regulating these firms as investment ad-visers, with a fiduciary duty to act in the best interests of the investors who rely on their services and an obligation to minimize and appropriately manage conflicts of inter-est. For these reasons, we urge you to vote no on this misguided and misdirected legisla-tion. Please feel free to contact me directly if you have questions about our position on this bill. Respectfully submitted, B
ARBARA ROPER , Director of Investor Protection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.017 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10320 December 20, 2017 
GLASS LEWIS, December 18, 2017. Re HR 4015—Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : I am writing to express opposition to HR 4015, the Corporate Governance and Reform and Transparency Act of 2017, which seeks to exert additional regulatory control over proxy advisory firms at the expense of inves-tors. I urge a no vote when this legislation is considered by the full House of Representa-tives. Shareholder voting, a regulatory obliga-tion for U.S. registered investment advisors, is a primary means by which a public com-pany’s owners can influence company oper-ations, corporate governance and activities of corporate social responsibility. As such, it is important for institutional investors (pen-sion funds, mutual funds and other asset managers) to have access to the resources— including unbiased proxy research—that en-able them to execute their votes in accord-ance with their views. Glass Lewis is dedicated to helping institu-tional shareholders of public companies bet-ter understand and connect directly with the companies in which they invest. Our duty, as a proxy advisory firm, is to support—not usurp—the role of our clients as investors/ owners, a distinction we take very seriously. It is reflected in how we develop and update our proxy voting policies, create our re-search, and engage with public companies, shareholders and other stakeholders. H.R. 4015, as drafted, would damage inves-tors in public companies by attempting to si-lence research firms that provide investors data, analysis and independent voting rec-ommendations to support their fiduciary ac-tivities related to proxy voting. It would re-quire the SEC to develop a new registration scheme that would compel proxy advisory firms to share their proprietary research re-ports with the subject public companies prior to distributing those reports to their investor clients—thereby granting the sub-ject companies an unprecedented right of prior review. The proposed legislation also would establish a system whereby issuers could dispute recommendations of proxy ad-visory firms before the investor clients of proxy advisory firms were granted access to the research. No other investment research analysts are subject to these prior review rules; in fact, FINRA prohibits investment research ana-lysts from doing this to avoid conflicts of in-terest. In SEC Staff Legal Bulletin No. 20 (June 30, 2014), the SEC restated that investor con-sumers of proxy advisory firm services are responsible for holding their advisors ac-countable. These investor consumers are sat-isfied with the current system. Indeed, it is telling that the call for regulating proxy ad-visory firms is coming not from investors but from the companies that are the subjects of the advisors’ reports. In October, the United States Department of Treasury issued its report to President Trump on ‘‘A Financial System that Creates Economic Opportunities, Capital Markets.’’ As part of that report, extensive outreach was undertaken to identify views of company management teams and other market par-ticipants on the role and activities of proxy advisors. Treasury found that ‘‘institutional investors, who pay for proxy advice and are responsible for voting decisions, find the [proxy advisory firm] services valuable, espe-cially in sorting through the lengthy and significant disclosures contained in proxy statements.’’ More significantly, the Treas-ury did not call for legislation of the proxy advisory industry. Further, in 2012, the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), which com-prises all the securities regulators in Europe, and the Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA) conducted comprehensive reviews of the proxy advisory industry and its activi-ties. Both regulatory agencies concluded that neither binding nor quasi-binding regu-lation of proxy advisory firm activity was warranted. ESMA and the CSA each rec-ommended the development of an industry code of conduct. In accordance with the spe-cific direction of these regulators, the Best Practice Principles for Shareholder Voting Research (‘‘Principles’’) were launched in 2014. Glass Lewis and ISS, the largest U.S.-based proxy advisory firms, apply the Principles globally. The Principles encourage trans-parency, conflict management and disclo-sure, and engagement with companies when appropriate. Glass Lewis meets the’ Prin-ciples’ standards by making its full guide-lines; research approach and methodologies; conflict avoidance and disclosure policies; and public-company engagement procedures available publicly on its website. Most recently, in an effort to ensure that the Principles remain fully aligned with ap-plicable regulation, a global consultation was launched in order to seek views from in-vestors and companies on whether the Prin-ciples have been effective in ensuring the in-tegrity and efficiency of the services pro-vided by shareholder voting analysts and ad-visors. The review is being carried out by a Steering Group comprised of five representa-tives of the current Principles’ signatories, chaired by Chris Hodge, former Director of Corporate Governance at the Financial Re-porting Council in the UK, and supported by an Advisory Panel whose members have broad experience and knowledge of investors, companies and different national markets, including the United States. By way of ex-ample, one of the key items on the agenda is the consideration of what actions will be needed in order to ensure the Principles are fully compatible with the revised EU Share-holder Rights Directive, which includes man-datory requirements for proxy advisors oper-ating in the EU, scheduled to take effect in 2019. The Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act is an attack on investors to the detriment of their beneficiaries—nota-bly the millions of U.S. teachers, municipal employees, law enforcement officers, fire-fighters, retirees and mutual funds investors. If enacted, it will result in less informed, more time-constrained investors who will be less able to properly hold companies ac-countable for poor returns, overpaying ex-ecutives at underperforming companies and ignoring shareholders and shareholder inter-ests. Glass Lewis joins with the many pension funds, institutional investors, and consumer advocates urging you to vote no on HR 4015 to protect shareholder rights. Sincerely, K
ATHERINE H. R ABIN, Chief Executive Officer. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), our Republican Conference whip. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port today of the Corporate Govern-ance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017, and I appreciate my good friend, S
EANDUFFY ’s work on it. Over the past 3 decades, I have advo-cated for responsible shareholder activ-ism and urged for corporate boards of directors to perform their responsi-bility of careful stewardship, particu-larly in their essential functions in evaluating corporate strategy, hiring able hardworking executive manage-ment, and, critically, capital alloca-tion. For example, as Berkshire Hatha-way’s CEO, Warren Buffett, rec-ommends, corporate compensation committees must be composed of ‘‘saber-toothed tigers,’’ not ‘‘house cats,’’ in their work. Likewise, investors must take their responsibility to hold boards account-able for their irreplaceable role in maximizing returns for shareholders, while executing a corporate strategy that balances shareholder returns with employees and customers. So the question is: How can investors effectively lower agency costs and ac-tively meet this accountability mis-sion? For 20 years, this has been a much- discussed area by thoughtful experts like Warren Buffett, ISS founder Rob-ert Monks, Marty Lipton, and Law-rence Cunningham. Grad schools at UCLA, Stanford, Harvard, Yale all re-searched this challenge. Organizations of institutional investors and corporate directors all proffer best practices. And how do we best align these inter-ests for this mission, but make con-flicts of interest readily apparent? The role of proxy advisory firms in the U.S. economy has grown over the last 2 decades and is a major shaper of corporate governance, and it is of na-tional importance. These firms counsel our pension plans, our mutual funds, other institutional investors, which are more and more in the market; 75 per-cent of the market, compared to when Robert Monks started thinking about the idea in the late 1980s. Under the current system, two proxy advisory firms now have 97 percent of the market, Mr. Speaker, and this mo-nopolization and the lack of trans-parency regarding their work means that the writings, analyses, reports, and vote recommendations of just these two firms have a dispropor-tionate effect on the fundamental cor-porate transactions, like mergers and acquisitions, the approval of corporate directors, and other shareholder pro-posals. Also, this has created more of a checklist mentality in the boardroom. Directors today need information, yes, but, more importantly, they need wis-dom. And the proxy advisory firms are driving people in boardrooms, in my view, to more of a checklist mentality, regulatory mentality, and less using their business judgment and wisdom to guide our public companies. Proxy advisory firms aren’t immune to conflicts of interest. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Arkansas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.019 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10321 December 20, 2017 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, these con-flicts are provided by providing addi-tional recommendations to the very firms that they are rating. So, Mr. Speaker, we need balance in this arena, and I think Mr. D
UFFY ’s bill provides a step toward that balance, an improvement in transparency in the proxy system, thereby enhancing shareholder access to important invest-ment information. I appreciate his work on it. I thank him for his work in our committee. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID S
COTT), a hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, this is indeed a very, very im-portant issue. I come at this from one who has worked with my good friend, Mr. D
UFFY , on this issue. More than that, I voted with Mr. D
UFFY for this bill in committee. However, there are some troubling things about this bill that could do one very damaging thing. It could put many of these proxy firms out of busi-ness. I want to take a moment to explain what the danger is in the bill that made me change my mind. I chatted with Mr. D
UFFY about it. He under-stands it. This is not to shed any nega-tive light on his objective, but it is what he is doing to get to that objec-tive that disturbs me and, I think, should disturb the people of this Con-gress and this country, and that is this: It could be summed up in, basically, 2 words: unilateral authority. That is what this bill provides to the Securities and Exchange Commission: unilateral authority to set the require-ments, first of all, for what it means to be a proxy firm. When you put unilateral authority into the hands of a regulatory agency, we know the damage that can be done. And I agree that there may be some things that need to be done, but these words, ‘‘unilateral authority,’’ would mean that the Securities and Exchange Commission could establish any num-ber of hurdles for these proxy advisory firms to jump over in order to just stay in business. Unilateral authority to do such things as setting financial require-ments, one would say that nothing may be wrong with that; but other hurdles that the Securities and Exchange Com-mission could put up likely will be ar-bitrary, illogical, such as them setting requirements for how many employees a proxy firm should have. Mr. Speaker, this is a step too far, es-pecially during a time in our country when Federal regulators have used their powers to attack the American people at any and every level. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Geor-gia. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, second, let me give you an ex-ample of how you can put too much regulatory authority into an agency. When HHS, this year, used their pow-ers to attack women’s health, that happened; or when the Department of Justice used their powers to reverse community policing reform at the De-partment of Justice. All I am saying in this particular ar-gument, Mr. Speaker, is that Mr. DUFFY is well-intended, but this goes too far, and I urge my colleagues to re-ject and vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD). Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4015. I thank Chair-man D
UFFY for his leadership on this bipartisan piece of legislation, which will improve our country’s shareholder proxy system. Since the early 2000s, we have seen market share and the shareholder proxy system consolidate, essentially, into a duopoly, as two firms control 97 percent of the market, so, under the current system, potential conflicts of interest abound. For example, proxy advisory firms that provide voting recommendations to advisers often provide consulting services to those same public compa-nies. So wouldn’t it make sense that they at least notify their shareholders of this potential conflict of interest? Well, right now, while the SEC has offered guidance on this problem, the proxy firm wouldn’t be required to do so. We need to get this bill on the books just to address this problem. b1345 This bill is also timely because we have seen proxy firms align themselves with political causes, unions, and in-terest groups that do not always rep-resent their shareholders’ best inter-ests. Shareholders oftentimes aren’t even aware of these conflicts. Again, reform is needed. So it should go without saying, Mr. Speaker, that the two problems out-lined above pose problems for the shareholder and for the average inves-tor. We cannot continue to allow the security laws and processes to be wrapped in a service of political agen-da. Mr. Speaker, we have dealt with this issue in the Financial Services Com-mittee on a number of fronts with re-gard to disclosure of information that is being weaponized against public companies, from mining to conflict minerals. It is time to deal with the proxy issue today. The number of public companies has fallen in recent years. It was never easy to be public, to be subject to the financial markets and the pressures that come from being accountable to your shareholders. This issue, the proxy issue, is part of a larger tapestry of challenges that public companies face. They are increasingly choosing not to play the game. They are getting capital from dark pools; they are get-ting capital from hedge funds; and they are just staying private. That puts in-vestment opportunities in the hands of the 1 percent, and that leaves retail in-vestors out in the cold. Mr. Speaker, my constituents and North Carolina shareholders are from the part-time trader to the full-time trader. They deserve better than this. Luckily, this body can do something to address these problems, and that is where Chairman DUFFY ’s bipartisan-ship legislation comes into play. His bill will bring about much-needed ac-countability, competition, and, most importantly, transparency in the proxy advisory firm industry. This bill also protects clients and their financial future from being influ-enced by activists and outside interest groups. His legislation accomplishes this by mandating that proxy advisory firms register with the SEC, disclose potential conflicts of interest to the shareholders, and make their methods for coming up with proxy recommenda-tions available to the public. Two proxy advisory firms should not have this much control of the market-place and the power to disproportion-ately affect fundamental corporate transactions. This bill is a win for the consumer, a win for the free market, and should be a bipartisan priority for this body. A number of outside commentators have been clear that the proxy indus-try has gained a worrisome degree of authority over companies. In fact, Co-lumbia Law Professor Jeffrey Gordon said that the burden of annual voting would lead investors, particularly in-stitutional investors, to farm out eval-uation of most pay plans to a handful of proxy advisory firms who, them-selves, will seek to economize on those very proxy review costs. There are a host of others who are saying these same things about the way things are today in proxy voting. Ultimately, the shareholder is the one who suffers. We should put a stop to it. Mr. Speaker, once again, I want to thank Chairman D
UFFY for leading the fight on this issue, and I urge adoption of his legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ), an invaluable member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, this is one of those mundane issues that 95 percent of America doesn’t understand. I didn’t understand much about it a while back because I don’t have any proxy advis-ers. I do have money in retirement funds. I do get those 100-page docu-ments in the mail, saying, ‘‘We are having a proxy fight and you should read it,’’ in the smallest print possible, and I do what 95 percent of America 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.051 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10322 December 20, 2017 
does when I get those: I throw them right in the trash. Now, that doesn’t make me smart. It just means I can’t read through that stuff. I can’t understand what they are doing with my pension funds. I kind of have to go on faith that they are not sticking it to me. That is what most of us do, and most anybody listening to this, that is the only thing they have to do with this issue. So I went out and found out what is a proxy adviser. Here is what it is. The pension funds—not always, but mostly pension funds—that invest my pension money do it all across the board. Many of them are small. Some of them are big. And when it comes time to reading those 100-page docu-ments and the thousands of companies they invest in, they go and hire some-body to help them do it, a proxy ad-viser. They go through those docu-ments with accountants and actuaries and give them advice. Not a demand— advice. Now, I don’t know about you. I get advice from my lawyer on occasion. I get advice from my accountant on oc-casion. I get advice from my priest on occasion. And it is none of your damn business what advice they give me, be-cause two of them I am paying and one of them loves me. When a person or an entity hires someone else to give them advice, it is no one else’s business what that is. This bill says it is. It now would be the business of the company about whom they are giving the advice. I paid them. Why should I share that information with you? That is what a proxy adviser is. It is not some big swami sitting in the back sticking it to big corporations. It is a paid adviser. Now, we have heard, oh, terrible things that these advisers do. Who do they work for? Well, they work for pension funds—mostly pen-sion funds, by the way, that are public pension funds, not all. They have the pension money of teachers, firefighters, police officers, trash collectors, water workers all across this country. And then there are private pension funds that work for union members: the AFL–CIO, the Bricklayers, the SEIU. That is who is doing most of this investing on behalf of little people like me who don’t have the knowledge or the time to be able to go through 100 pages of really fine print, really de-tailed stuff, to determine which person I should vote for on a board of a com-pany I don’t know much about. That is it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, let’s figure out who are the worst of the worst of the people who hire these peo-ple. Well, it turns out the Dominican Sis-ters hire a proxy adviser. Oh, they are put together for the very purpose of ripping the heart out of corporate America. Those Dominican Sisters, they are evil investors. Let’s not forget the Daughters of Charity. Oh, terrible, terrible people. They are so busy caring for the poorest people in the world that they take time out of that in order to find a way to stick it to the biggest corporate people in the country. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, they use proxy advisers. Let me see. Who wants this bill? Every corporation in America. Why? They don’t want you knowing what they are doing. Let’s see. Whose side am I on? I think if I have a choice between being on the side of the biggest corporations in this country or being with the Dominican Sisters, I am choosing the Dominican Sisters. They are doing God’s work. They use and need proxy advisers. Leave them alone. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds just to say that, if the gentleman is so busy he can’t read a 100-page proxy statement, perhaps he could read a 20-page bill and he would realize that his comments have almost absolutely nothing to do with the bill whatsoever. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), the sponsor of the legislation and the chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the gentleman for yielding time to me, the chairman of Financial Serv-ices, Mr. H
ENSARLING . I appreciate his leadership and stewardship on our com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, I want to get into the bill in a second, but I can’t let the Do-minican Sisters reference go. It is not the Dominican Sisters who are using proxy advisers. It is the larg-est financial investors in the world that are using these advisers, which we are going to get into in a little bit. And if you want to talk about sisters, I will talk about the Little Sisters of the Poor, who have been ravaged by ObamaCare because they can’t practice their faith, if you want to talk about sisters. We are not going to go there today. Mr. Speaker, we are in a situation where, my friends, if you listen to the debate, you might say, ‘‘Well, Repub-licans are asking for a little more regu-lation in the proxy advisory space,’’ and Democrats, miraculously, are say-ing, ‘‘We don’t want any regulation.’’ Well, our concern is that you have consolidated power in two companies that control 97 percent of the industry, and some have made the claim and the allegation that there might be political motivations behind both—or at least one—of these massive proxy advisory firms, because Glass Lewis is owned by the Ontario Teachers’ Pension fund, and they might have a political agenda that might affect the recommendations that have a massive impact on Amer-ican corporate governance. Maybe that could be the distinction between the two parties in today’s debate. Mr. Speaker, we have covered this quite a bit, but I want to go into it again. The role of proxy advisory firms in the U.S. economy is incredibly im-portant. It is important stuff. These firms counsel pension plans and mutual funds and institutional in-vestors on how to vote their shares. No one is trying to get rid of proxy advi-sory firms. We think they are a good thing, but we think they should have a little bit of regulation and a little bit of oversight. I think it is troubling, when you look at the share of institutional ownership, in 1987, it was 46 percent. Today, that has grown to 75 percent, meaning that institutional investors control billions of shares. There was a recent study that was done by Stanford that says that asset managers with $100 billion or more under their control only make 10 per-cent of the decisions on these proxy issues, meaning they outsource 90 per-cent of the decisions to one of two firms, consolidating great power in these proxy advisory firms. This was pointed out before as well, but, again, two firms, 97 percent of the market share, writing analysis reports, voting recommendations that affect the fundamentals of corporate govern-ance, mergers, acquisitions, approval of corporate directors, and shareholder proposals. What is of greatest concern is that these firms are not free of conflicts of interest. For example, in addition to providing recommendations to institu-tional investors about how to vote, proxy advisory firms may advise com-panies about corporate governance issues, rate companies on corporate governance, help companies improve those ratings, and advise proponents about how to frame a proposal to get the most votes. They are playing every side of the issue. They are getting every dollar from anybody who cares about the corporate governance space. They play everybody. And if you want access, you pay. I am going to give you an example in just a little bit of one of the hundreds of letters that I have received on this issue. But before I do that, I think it is important to say: What are we asking for? What is the radical idea that we brought to the floor today, which, by the way, had six Democrats’ support? Mr. S
COTT commented about his sup-port as well, and I know he had an issue about the cost that this would have on proxy advisory firms; but the CBO, which I rarely quote, did a study on this and said the cost to proxy advi-sory firms of this bill is minimal, if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.053 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10323 December 20, 2017 
anything. I think his concern might be misplaced. But what are we asking to do here? We are asking for accountability. We are asking for transparency, respon-siveness, and competition in the proxy advisory space. By doing that, we will improve corporate governance, and, in the end, we are going to protect inves-tors. Specifically, again, this bipartisan bill will ensure that proxy advisory firms are registered with the SEC. They will disclose potential conflicts of interest. They will maintain a code of ethics and make publicly available their methodologies for formulating their proxy recommendations. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I don’t know what my friends across the aisle have about maintaining a code of eth-ics or disclosing potential conflicts of interest or instituting an ombudsman to resolve issues that might come up. This is commonsense stuff. This is good governance, and I would encourage all of my friends across the aisle to join us. Mr. Speaker, I want to read one part of a letter that I received that I think embodies what is going on in corporate America. b1400 I am not going to give the name of the company, but it says: 
Upon contacting ISS and seeking expla-nation on one of the recommendations, we were told there was a firewall between the ISS recommendation group and the ISS group that deals with corporate matters. Ul-timately, we were advised that if we were willing to join ISS, which includes payment of a relatively substantial amount of money, we could have input in the recommendations before they were made. 
So, Mr. Speaker, pay for the input. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, it goes on to say: 
Meanwhile, during our latest discussions we were again advised that we could avoid some issues by subscribing to ISS corporate services and thereby have some input before such recommendations are published. 
Mr. Speaker, of course, such a sub-scription would entail big payouts. It goes on to say: 
On the one hand, ISS makes wholly unsupportable, unreasonable, and irrational recommendations regarding corporate elec-tions without investigation, regulatory sup-port, or even contact with the victim com-pany. While, on the other hand, seeking fees from the victim company for the privilege of influencing ISS’s recommendations. 
Mr. Speaker, so what you have here is you have the mafia on the streets. So, lo and behold, your little shop on the street corner gets burglarized at 10 o’clock one night and at 8 o’clock in the morning, and lo and behold, the thugs come in and say: Do you want to buy some insurance? Do you want to buy some protection? Pay up. We will keep you safe. ISS, Glass Lewis, you pay up, and we can help you with your recommendation. We can help you with your ratings. Mr. Speaker, this is thuggery. Let’s have a little commonsense oversight in this space. It is a good bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman talked about what is happening in corporate America. They are dancing in the streets after that big tax cut that was just given by my friends on the oppo-site side of the aisle. As to just a couple of companies—or too few companies—that are doing the advising for these investors, it was just a week or so ago that my friends on the opposite side of the aisle came here representing one company, Berkshire Hathaway, where they were asking this Congress to allow them to charge high-er interest rates on the most vulner-able people in our population, with high interest rates and the terrible foreclosure practices all over this man-ufactured housing that Berkshire Hathaway is selling to these most vul-nerable people in our society. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ), who is the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the ranking member for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to note that the ranking member, the Honorable M
AXINE WATERS , is often the sentinel on watch. She is the person who is there to protect investors. She is there to protect persons who might, but for her absence, be taken advan-tage of. So I am honored to speak with her and to stand with her. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this bill today because this bill epitomizes what I be-lieve is a business model that allows corporate America to take advantage of investors. This business model is one that has been perpetrated and perpet-uated by my colleagues on the other side. This business model is one that surfaced in 2008, when the credit rating agencies became captives of the busi-nesses that were providing the instru-ments that were to be rated. They were catering to the businesses to the det-riment of the investors. I believe this business model is one that allows the fiduciary rule to be compromised. The fiduciary rule sim-ply said that, if you are working on be-half of an investor, you can’t put your interest ahead of the investor’s inter-est. That rule was compromised by my colleagues on the other side. So today they again come with an-other business model that will allow investors to be taken advantage of. Ca-veat emptor is going to apply in a way that it has never been seen before as it will relate to these investors. It is time for us to prevent the busi-ness model of allowing investors to be taken advantage of and to present a business model that allows the investor to have the benefit of advice from the proxy. That is what we have currently. Let’s not change the business model. Let’s make sure that the investor is properly protected. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  L
EE.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia for yielding. It is certainly my pleasure to be on the side of the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia. Every time we have got in these fights to attack Dodd-Frank, she has been on the right side of the issue. So let me clearly, though my voice is a little raspy, speak on behalf of those, as my colleagues have spoken about, of us who certainly have a degree of edu-cation and receive those long state-ments where there are big fights and the print is so small. I will tell you that the proxy advisers are representing not us, but those vul-nerable pensioners who put everything they have ever had in that pot, and those advisers give those public pen-sion funds the counsel and advice that is necessary. First of all, this bill is entirely im-practical. Pension plans and other in-stitutional investors often hold shares in thousands of public companies. The bill will require proxy advisory firms, who provide voting recommendations to these shareholders, to provide the management with more than 4,000 pub-lic companies with the opportunity to present detailed comments on the firm’s draft recommendations before paying shareholders receive a final re-port. It also wants to burden them with all kinds of extra trinkets that they have to give information about, an unprece-dented right to weigh in by the cor-porations on voting recommendations, executive compensation, non-discrimination policies. Again, the proxy advisers work with the public pension funds. Who are they? They are the coal miners and the bus drivers. They are, in fact, those teach-ers, firemen, and policemen. They are Americans who depend upon their pen-sions. Mr. Speaker, the reason that I want-ed to stand on this floor today is, just a few minutes ago, we again voted for this catastrophic tax bill. I wanted to tie this to, as I heard my good friend from Texas, jumping up and cele-brating. I assume they will run to the White House when this bill is passed in one way or the other. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.055 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10324 December 20, 2017 
Let me describe to you what I believe is the scenario on the tax bill. We all like cliffhanger movies. Cliffhanger movies always get the family together to be able to tell the story or to sit in the movie and look at the cliffhanger because it is always the heroes that win on a cliffhanger. You are waiting for the hero to launch down and save everyone. Here is the Republican cliffhanger: it is this tax bill, and the cliffhanger is you are going up a mountain. As you go up the mountain, here are the Re-publicans and this tax bill that is going to take away millions of dollars from Medicaid. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. They are throw-ing over the cliff the Medicaid recipi-ents, people with dementia. My good friend who has ALS, who is in a wheel-chair, thrown over the cliff. They are throwing over teachers. They are throwing over individuals who are be-lieving them that they are going to get jobs, but they are getting no jobs. They are throwing over families, working class families, 86 million of them— throwing them over the cliff. It is not a good ending. It is a tragic ending, and they are standing one by one by one and throwing them over this cliff with this phony tax bill. They are not going to be able to do what is right for those who are truly in need. The benefits for those who are working Americans is temporary, and those of corporations is forever. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  letters from the California Public Em-ployees’ Retirement System, the Cali-fornia State Teachers’ Retirement Sys-tem, the Ohio Public Employees Re-tirement System, and the National Conference on Public Employee Retire-ment Systems. 
CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES ’ RE-
TIREMENT SYSTEM EXECUTIVE OF-
FICE, Sacramento, CA, December 18, 2017. Subject H.R. 4015, The ‘‘Corporate Govern-ance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017’’. H
ON. KEVIN MCCARTHY , Majority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARLEADERS MCCARTHY AND PELOSI : On behalf of the California Public Employees’ Retirement System (CalPERS), I write to ex-press our opposition to H.R. 4015, the ‘‘Cor-porate Governance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017,’’ which is scheduled to be consid-ered by the full House this week. CalPERS is the largest public, defined ben-efit pension plan in the United States, with approximately $346.13 billion in global assets, as of market close December 13, 2017. CalPERS manages investment assets on be-half of more than 1.8 million public employ-ees, retirees, and beneficiaries. As a global, institutional investor that invests in more than 11,000 public companies worldwide, we rely on the integrity and efficiency of our fi-nancial markets to furnish the long-term sustainable, risk-adjusted returns that allow us to meet our liabilities. Although we support the House Financial Services Committee’s focus on bipartisan ways to foster a system that promotes cap-ital formation and maximizes shareowner value, we have several substantive concerns about H.R. 4015. Given the large number of public companies in which CalPERS holds voting shares, we use proxy advisory firms and other data providers to assist us with analysis of management and shareowner pro-posals and director elections. In providing these services to CalPERS, these firms are guided by our Governance and Sustainability Principles and proxy voting policies to effi-ciently provide independent research and analysis that helps to inform our voting de-cisions. While we are certainly in favor of ensuring that proxy advisory firms are well- regulated and transparent, we oppose efforts to create an unduly burdensome regulatory regime in this area. H.R. 4015 would create such a regulatory regime by establishing conflict of interest management requirements that are duplica-tive of existing Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) authority. Currently, shareowners pay proxy advisory firms through contractual arrangements, and this provision of H.R. 4015 appears designed to fix a problem that does not exist among con-tracting parties. In addition, the bill would establish a proc-ess by which corporations have preliminary access to the proxy information that inves-tors pay for under contracts with proxy advi-sory firms. At the same time, corporations that do not provide early access to their con-sultants’ positions on items subject to shareowner votes would not be required to register with the SEC. The bill would also significantly increase proxy voting costs for investors and create additional barriers to entry for new proxy advisory firms. Finally, the bill’s definition of ‘‘proxy advisory firm’’ makes it unclear whether the intent is to regulate the thousands of entities that pro-vide advice to institutional investors or only the three or so that would be considered proxy advisory firms under this definition. Considering the SEC’s limited resources and ever-increasing responsibilities for ad-dressing a broad range of emerging chal-lenges in our securities markets, it would be imprudent to impose unnecessary require-ments on the agency. As an institutional in-vestor that uses proxy advisory services, we oppose H.R. 4015. Thank you for your consideration of these views. Please do not hesitate to contact me if we can be of any assistance. Sincerely, MARCIE FROST , Chief Executive Officer. 
CALIFORNIA STATE TEACHERS ’ R
ETIREMENT SYSTEM , West Sacramento, CA, December 14, 2017. Hon. M
AXINE WATERS , Washington, DC. Re H.R. 4015. T
OTHE HONORABLE MAXINE WATERS : CalSTRS was established more than 100 years ago to provide retirement benefits for California’s public school teachers and is the largest educator-only pension fund in the world. The CalSTRS portfolio is currently valued at approximately $215 billion, which we carefully invest, as patient capital with a long-term investment horizon, to meet the retirement needs of more than 900,000 plan participants and their families. We are writing to express our opposition to H.R. 4015, which would impose new regu-latory burdens and restrictions on proxy ad-visors. As a large institutional investor, we use proxy advisors to help inform our proxy voting at portfolio companies. Investors such as CalSTRS are the main clients of the serv-ices of proxy advisory firms. Proxy advisory firms provide useful research regarding the governance and finances at these companies to supplement our own due diligence and re-search, and they play an important and help-ful role in enabling cost-effective proxy vot-ing with respect to the more than 7,000 com-panies in our investment portfolio. We do not outsource our proxy voting to these proxy advisors. Rather, our Investment staff, in consultation with our governing Teachers’ Retirement Board, develops carefully thought-out proxy voting guidelines, and then we vote our own proxies based on those well-established guidelines. H.R. 4015 would establish a new federal reg-ulatory scheme for proxy advisory firms that would (1) grant companies the right to re-view the proxy advisory firms’ research re-ports before the paying customer—inves-tors—receive the reports; (2) mandate that proxy advisory firms hire an ombudsman to receive and resolve company complaints; and (3) if the ombudsman is unable to resolve the complaints, and if the company submits a written request, require proxy advisory firms to publish the company management’s dis-senting statement. While the stated goal of the proposed legislation is the ‘‘protection of investors’’, we believe H.R. 4015 is unneces-sary, overly burdensome and counter-productive. Furthermore, we believe the pro-posed requirements on the industry could weaken the governance of public companies in the U.S. and do not reflect the needs of proxy advisory firm customers who are pri-marily institutional investors, such as CalSTRS. While we understand some funds may uti-lize proxy advisory firms to assist them in executing their proxy voting responsibilities, the SEC has taken steps to make sure inves-tors are properly carrying out their due dili-gence obligations. In fact as recently as 2014, the SEC acknowledged the important role proxy advisors play in the oversight of proxy voting of fund fiduciaries and, in 2014, issued updated regulatory guidance on the respon-sibilities of Investment Advisers who utilize proxy advisory firms in their proxy voting. In addition, the SEC has authority under current law to address any conflicts at these proxy advisory firms and has taken steps to require additional disclosure of these con-flicts by proxy advisors. Accordingly, we be-lieve that the existing SEC regulatory re-gime already protects our interests with re-spect to proxy advisory firms and that H.R. 4015 is both unnecessary and counter-produc-tive. The proposed legislation would result in higher costs for pension plans, like CalSTRS, and other institutional investors. H.R. 4015 would give companies the right to review re-ports and lobby the advisory firms prior to the reports being distributed to their cus-tomers and require firms to establish an om-budsman to address issues raised by the com-panies. Given the already short time period between when companies issue their proxy materials and the shareholder meeting date, the review and lobby process would severely limit CalSTRS ability to review and vote proxies in a timely manner. This multi-lay-ered review would substantially raise costs in order to meet deadlines and maintain the current level of scrutiny and due diligence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.057 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10325 December 20, 2017 
over proxy voting. Moreover, the proposed legislation is likely to limit competition by reducing the current number of proxy advi-sors and imposing additional barriers to entry for potential new firms—again raising costs for investors. Thank you for considering our views on this very important matter. We would be happy to discuss our perspectives with you or your staff at your convenience. Should you have any immediate questions or wish to discuss our concerns, please contact Aeisha Mastagni, Portfolio Manager. Sincerely, A
NNESHEEHAN , Director of Corporate Governance. 
OHIOPUBLIC EMPLOYEES  R
ETIREMENT SYSTEM , Columbus, Ohio, December 15, 2017. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : We are writing on behalf of the Ohio Public Employees Retire-ment System (OPERS) to oppose HR 4015, the Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017 (Act), a bill that could significantly and negatively impact OPERS’ ability to effectively and efficiently vote its proxies and fulfill its fiduciary obli-gations. OPERS is the 12th largest public retire-ment system in the country, with more than one million active, inactive, and retired members, which means that almost one out of every 12 Ohioans has some connection to our System. In order to provide secure re-tirement benefits for our members, OPERS has invested more than $78 billion in capital markets around the world, including hold-ings in more than 10,000 public companies. As a fiduciary, OPERS is required to act in the best interests of its members, and this re-sponsibility extends to the prudent manage-ment of the investments we make with our members’ retirement contributions. We be-lieve it is our duty to engage with, partici-pate in, and exercise our voting rights for each of public companies in which we are in-vested in an effort to ensure that those com-panies continue to generate value for their shareholders. However, with limited time and resources, it is difficult for an investor, even one as so-phisticated as OPERS, to fully research every proxy and follow every issue. That is why we have engaged the services of proxy advisory firms—they perform the research and analyses that we cannot, and provide us with impartial voting recommendations that we consider against our own proxy voting guidelines. Without timely access to the re-ports provided by our proxy advisory firms, it would be significantly more difficult to meet our obligations to our members. We are aware of the criticisms that have been leveled at proxy advisory firms, namely that they wield undue influence over the proxy voting decisions of their clients, but OPERS has taken steps to ensure that this is not the case. Our Board of Trustees has adopted proxy voting guidelines to govern our voting decisions as shareholders. To the extent that a proxy advisory firm report or recommendation conflicts with our proxy voting guidelines, OPERS Corporate Govern-ance staff will closely scrutinize the discrep-ancies and the firm’s recommendations can be disregarded. Given the sheer necessity of proxy advi-sory firms and the services they provide, it is troubling that the House of Representatives is considering changes that would erode in-vestor confidence in the impartiality and independence of proxy advisory firm reports. If enacted, the Act would make it harder— perhaps impossible—for OPERS to effec-tively vote each of the thousands of proxies it receives during any given proxy season. In our view, this constitutes a violation of our duty to our members and the people of Ohio, and is therefore unacceptable We urge you to oppose the Corporate Gov-ernance and Transparency Act of 2017. Thank you for your continued support of Ohio’s public retirement systems. If you have questions regarding OPERS’ comments or proxy voting guidelines, please do not hesitate to contact OPERS’ Corporate Gov-ernance Officer, Patti Brammer. Sincerely, KAREN CARRAHER , Executive Director. P
ATTI BRAMMER , Corporate Governmance Officer. 
NATIONAL CONFERENCE ON PUBLIC  E
MPLOYEE RETIREMENT SYSTEMS , Washington, DC, December 11, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. Nancy Pelosi, Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : On behalf of the National Conference on Pub-lic Employee Retirement Systems (NCPERS), I am writing to relay our serious concerns with, and opposition to, H.R. 4015, the ‘‘Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017,’’ which was re-ported out of the House Financial Services Committee on November 15. The legislation is riddled with worrisome provisions, premised on false assumptions, that undercut the ability of pension plans to receive independent, unbiased corporate gov-ernance research, introducing new costs and burdens to pension plans and undermining their ability to effectively exercise their fi-duciary responsibilities. We are alarmed by the precedent this legislation would set. NCPERS is the largest national, nonprofit public pension advocate, representing more than 500 funds that manage more than $3 trillion in pension assets. We strive to pro-tect the autonomy and independence of state and local government retirement systems. H.R. 4015 would undermine this very prin-ciple. Many pension plan administrators employ proxy advisory firms to provide them with unbiased and independent data and analyt-ical research to help them formulate their corporate governance and proxy voting poli-cies. In addition, in some instances our mem-bers ask the proxy advisory firms to imple-ment their proxy voting instructions on their behalf following a plan’s guidelines. The use of proxy research reports prepared by proxy advisory firms is one important way that our members exercise their due diligence to make independent, well-in-formed decisions. H.R.4015 would (1) grant corporations the ‘‘right to review’’ these re-ports before the pension plan receives the re-port; (2) mandate that proxy advisory firms hire an ombudsman—a cost that pension funds would ultimately pay—to receive and resolve corporations’ complaints; and (3) if the ombudsman is unable to resolve the com-plaints, and if the corporation submits a written request, proxy advisory firms would be required to publish the corporation’s dis-senting statement. This would effectively allow corporations the privilege to make the ‘‘final cut’’ on a report that is requested and paid for by the pension plan. Such corporate interference in the affairs of its shareholders is unprecedented and would dilute the inde-pendence of the proxy firms’ reports and ul-timately the independence of pension plans. Additionally, the regulatory regime pro-posed under H.R.4015 is part-inappropriate and part-unnecessary, and would needlessly drive up costs for public pension plans while reducing market choice. While NCPERS wel-comes the opportunity to protect public pen-sions, we are puzzled by the need to impose a new federal regulatory regime that is largely duplicative of existing SEC require-ments that are designed to protect investors, including those for registered investment ad-visers under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. Other provisions of H.R. 4015 propose to bypass free-market principles by authorizing the SEC to pre-qualify industry entrants based on a set of vague and highly subjective standards. We believe that contrary to the sponsors’ stated intent, namely to increase competition and protect investors, the heavy-handed regime would result in fewer market participants, would enhance barriers to new entrants and could potentially lead smaller proxy advisory firms to exit the in-dustry altogether, reducing market choice for our members. In the end, H.R.4015 would increase costs, perhaps significantly increase costs, to pension plans administrators and beneficiaries while providing no additional benefits. Public pensions play an important role in the local, state and national economies. We ask that you consider the detrimental im-pact that H.R. 4015 would have on the inde-pendence and financial wellbeing of public pension plans, and urge you to oppose this and any similar legislation. NCPERS greatly appreciates your time and consideration. If there is any additional information I can provide that would assist you, please do not hesitate to contact me. Sincerely, H
ANKKIM, ESQ., Executive Director & Counsel. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, they are frightened, abso-lutely frightened, that we could pos-sibly be on the floor today negotiating with the opposite side of the aisle about investment advisers. They can’t understand why it is that we have Members of Congress who do not understand how important it is to have someone protecting the interest of middle class workers all over Amer-ica. You have heard the reference to the teachers, firefighters, garbage collec-tors, and on and on and on. These peo-ple work every day. They invest in their retirement and they expect their retirement to be taken care of, hon-ored, and not to be basically under-mined by corporate interests. So these investment advisers are extremely im-portant to the investors of these retire-ment systems. Having said that, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4015 is simply the latest effort by Re-publicans to check off every item on the corporate wish list before the holi-days. The bill would empower cor-porate management at the expense of institutional shareholders, like our Na-tion’s public pension plans, by allowing corporations to unfairly influence proxy voting recommendations. Because of the size of their port-folios, public pension plans who may hold shares in thousands of companies must rely on proxy advisers to provide independent research and voting rec-ommendations on the merits of pro-posals. Without the work of proxy ad-visers, institutional investors would, in practical terms, be left voiceless on corporate matters that are important to them, including governance, board 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.024 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10326 December 20, 2017 
compensation, executive pay, and envi-ronmental sustainability. H.R. 4015 would give corporate man-agement the unprecedented right to interfere in the relationship between institutional investors and the proxy advisers they hire. At its core, the bill is based on the false premise that shareholders blindly follow the recommendations of proxy advisers who themselves are beholden to activist interests. This belief is di-rectly contradicted by reality. For example, in 2017, the largest proxy advisory firm recommended ‘‘no’’ votes on less than 12 percent of say-on-pay proposals, which are non-binding votes on executive compensa-tion practices required under the Dodd- Frank Act. That means they sided with company management 88 percent of the time. When it comes to director elections, the largest proxy firm voted ‘‘yes’’— ‘‘yes’’ votes for 90 out of 100 directors. Proxy advisers understand that the vast majority of companies’ proposals are good for shareholders, but not for all. Mr. Speaker, I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on this misdirected bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 2 minutes re-maining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, while I was fascinated to hear so many of my friends on the other side of the aisle exclaim how much they care about working Ameri-cans, it just makes we wonder why now twice—twice—in the last 24 hours they have voted against giving the average working American a $2,059 tax cut. Twice now they have voted to deny working Americans tax relief in order to bolster their paychecks. I wonder about that. I also wonder, as I listened to this lit-any of groups whose letters were en-tered into the R
ECORD , how often I heard labor union; government pen-sion; Washington, D.C.; and special in-terest group. What I didn’t hear about is average working Americans who have their in-vestment in trying to save to buy a home, trying to perhaps fund a small business, or send a kid to college. It is their interest that we are trying to stand up for. So what we know is that the SEC— the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion—have, for all intents and pur-poses, required investment advisers to use one of two proxy advisory firms, one of which, as my colleague, the au-thor of the bill pointed out, is owned by a foreign labor union. Yet the SEC requires us to use them. So here is the radical nature of the bill: the bill, H.R. 4015, simply says that we ought to have transparency— something apparently my friends across the other side of the aisle are against. We say they have to register with the SEC—something my friends on the other side of the aisle are against. They have to disclose potential con-flicts of interest. Apparently my friends on the other side are against that. They have to disclose codes of ethics. Apparently my friends on the other side of the aisle are against that, as well as making their methodologies public. This is a disclosure bill to help inves-tors, pure and simple. We ought to vote in favor of H.R. 4015. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the following letters: 
AMERICANS FOR FINANCIAL REFORM , Washington, DC, December 18, 2017. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Ameri-cans for Financial Reform (AFR), we are writing to urge you to vote against H.R. 4015, the ‘‘Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017’’, which will be considered on the House floor this week. By placing an excessive and unnecessary regu-latory burden on proxy advisory firms, this bill would unfairly disadvantage share-holders as compared to firm management, and raise serious First Amendment concerns as well. AFR joins major representatives of shareholders such as the Council of Institu-tional Investors (CII) and the California Pub-lic Employee Retirement System (CALPERS) in opposing this bill. H.R. 4015 would establish a new Federal regulatory scheme for proxy advisory firms. These firms provide institutional investors, including pension funds, with the research and information they need in order to exer-cise their voting rights as shareholders. The regulations proposed in H.R. 4015 would re-quire proxy advisory firms to provide the management of public companies with de-tailed voting recommendations relevant to their firms before these recommendations were shown to shareholders who paid for proxy advisory services. Advisory firms would also be required to resolve any com-plaints from firm management, and employ an ombudsman to ensure that such com-plaints were addressed. If complaints were not resolved to the satisfaction of firm man-agement, then the full text of complaints from companies would be included next to voting recommendations in proxy advisory reports. Regulations would also mandate ex-tensive disclosure requirements for the de-tails of proxy advisory methodologies, reduc-ing incentives to invest in developing such methodologies. The costs of this regulatory regime would be passed on to investors and pension funds that use proxy advisory serv-ices. The regulatory scheme is a transparent at-tempt to weaken if not eliminate the inde-pendence of proxy advisory firms from firm management by placing sharp restrictions on their expression of opinions which differ from those of firm management. Besides raising First Amendment issues, this im-properly restricts the ability of shareholders to obtain independent views on how they should exercise their voting rights. This legislation cannot be justified, as some have attempted to do, by any analogy to the regulation of credit rating agencies. Proxy advisory services do not face a funda-mental conflict of interest in their business model because they are not paid by securi-ties issuers while providing certification of securities quality to securities investors. They also have not been implicated in mas-sive fraudulent behavior that contributed di-rectly to a global financial crisis. Further, proxy advisory services are clearly recog-nized as providing opinions regarding voting decisions, in a context where many other such opinions are available, rather than being entities that certify the quality of se-curities. Any concerns about the independence of proxy advisory services can be addressed by simply requiring such services to register as investment advisors under the Investment Advisors Act. The radical regulatory scheme laid out in H.R. 4015 goes far beyond any-thing even mentioned in the recent Treasury Department report on capital markets, which examined the issue of proxy advisory firms and recommended only that regulators engage in ‘‘further study and evaluation of proxy advisory firms, including regulatory responses to promote free market principles if appropriate.’’ The regulatory scheme in H.R. 4015, besides being misguided in other ways, certainly does not promote free mar-ket principles. The effort in H.R. 4015 to eliminate the independent voice of proxy advisory services should be rejected. We urge you to vote against it. For more information please contact AFR’s Policy Director, Marcus Stanley. Sincerely, A
MERICANS FOR FINANCIAL REFORM . 
COUNCIL OF INSTITUTIONAL  I
NVESTORS , Washington, DC, November 9, 2017. Re Proposed Legislation Relating to Proxy Advisory Firms. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. M
AXINE WATERS , Ranking Member, Committee on Financial Serv-ices, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN AND RANKING MEMBER  W
ATERS : On behalf of the Council of Institu-tional Investors (CII or the Council) and the undersigned 45 investors and investor organi-zations, we are writing to express our opposi-tion to legislation that has recently been in-troduced and is pending in the Committee on Financial Services related to proxy advisory firms. CII is a nonpartisan, nonprofit association of public, corporate and union employee ben-efit funds, other employee benefit plans, state and local entities charged with invest-ing public assets, and foundations and en-dowments with combined assets under man-agement exceeding $3 trillion. CII’s member funds include major long-term shareowners with a duty to protect the retirement sav-ings of millions of workers and their fami-lies. H.R. 4015, the ‘‘Corporate Governance Re-form and Transparency Act of 2017,’’ and similar language which was incorporated in Subtitle Q of Title IV of H.R. 10, ‘‘the Finan-cial CHOICE Act,’’ would require, as a mat-ter of federal law, that proxy advisory firms share their research reports and proxy vot-ing recommendations with the companies about whom they are writing before they are shared with the institutional investors who are their clients. In essence, while the stated goal of the proposed legislation is the ‘‘pro-tection of investors,’’ as the primary cus-tomer of proxy advisory firm research, insti-tutional investors believe that adding the new proposed requirements to the industry is unnecessary, overly burdensome and counter-productive. The proposed legislation appears to be based on several false premises, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.058 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10327 December 20, 2017 
the erroneous conclusion that proxy advi-sory firms dictate proxy voting results and that institutional investors do not drive or form their own voting decisions. Indeed, many pension funds and other institutional investors contract with proxy advisory firms to review their research, but most large holders have adopted their own policies and employ the proxy advisory firms to help ad-minister the voting of proxies during chal-lenging proxy seasons. In short, most large institutional investors vote their proxies according to their own guidelines. While large institutional inves-tors rely on proxy advisors to manage the analysis of issues presented in the proxy statements accompanying over 38,000 meet-ings annually, and to help administer proxy voting, this does not mean that they abdi-cate their responsibility for their own voting decisions. The independence that shareowners exer-cise when voting their proxies is evident in the statistics related to ‘‘say on pay’’ pro-posals and director elections. Although Insti-tutional Shareholder Services Inc. (ISS), the largest proxy advisory firm, recommended against say on pay proposals at 11.92 percent of Russell 3000 companies in 2017, only 1.28 percent of those proposals received less than majority support from shareowners. Simi-larly, although ISS recommended votes in opposition to the election of 10.43 percent of director-nominees during the most recent proxy season, just 0.185 percent failed to ob-tain majority support. We believe the pending legislation (both Subtitle Q of Title IV of H.R. 10 and H.R. 4015, which was introduced last month) would weaken corporate governance in the United States; undercut proxy advisory firms’ ability to uphold their fiduciary obli-gation to their investor clients; and reorient any surviving firms to serve companies rath-er than investors. The system of corporate governance that has evolved in the United States relies on the accountability of boards of directors to shareowners, and proxy vot-ing is a critical means by which shareowners hold boards to account. Currently, proxy ad-visors provide equity holders of U.S. corpora-tions with independent advice. The proposed bills threaten to abrogate that very inde-pendence, which is a hallmark of ownership and accountability. Proxy advisory firms, while imperfect, play an important and useful role in ena-bling effective and cost-efficient independent research, analysis and informed proxy voting advice for large institutional shareholders, particularly since many funds hold thou-sands of companies in their investment port-folio. In our view, the proposed legislation would undermine proxy advisory firms’ abil-ity to provide a valuable service to pension funds and other institutional investors. We are particularly concerned that, if en-acted, H.R. 10 and H.R. 4015 would: Require that proxy advisory firms: 1) pro-vide companies early review of their rec-ommendations and most elements of the re-search informing their reports; 2) give com-panies an opportunity to review and lobby the firms to change their independent rec-ommendations; 3) mandate a heavy-handed ‘‘ombudsman’’ construct to address issues that companies raise. Under H.R 10, the company could essen-tially veto the proxy advisor’s report and prevent its publication, while H.R. 4015 would require proxy advisors to publish a company’s statement ‘‘detailing its com-plaints’’ in the proxy advisory firms’ final reports to their clients, if the ombudsman is unable to resolve these complaints and if the companies make the request in writing. Giving corporate issuers the ‘‘right to re-view’’ the proxy advisors’ work product BE-FORE the reports go to the paying cus-tomers would not only give corporate man-agement substantial undue influence over proxy advisory firms’ reports, but could com-promise the very fiduciary duties that large institutional investors have to their own cli-ents, beneficiaries and shareowners. We be-lieve the objective of the bills is to bias proxy advisory firm recommendations in favor of corporate management, creating a dynamic that would encourage the firms to view management as their clients, rather than the investors who contract for this re-search. This approach would award a privi-leged position to high-powered CEOs and other executives to talk proxy advisory firms out of criticizing management on sub-jects such as CEO pay, without providing the same pre-publication right to others. An-other concern is that such forced pre-publi-cation review may not be consistent with First Amendment rights to freedom of speech. Regardless, the attempt by govern-ment fiat to interpose corporate manage-ment between investors and those investors hire to provide them with independent re-search is highly questionable as a matter of public policy. Further, the additional regulatory hurdles imposed would surely: increase the com-plexity of the challenges faced by the proxy advisory firms; impose even more severe time constraints on the production of re-ports; and, without doubt, add significant re-source burdens that would increase the cost of their services. In short, H.R. 4015 would add no value but would add an unnecessary drag to institutional investors’ portfolios. This is not constructive regulatory ‘‘re-form,’’ and is not supported by institutional investors. Under both bills, pension funds and other institutional investors would have less time to analyze the advisor’s reports and rec-ommendations in the context of their own adopted proxy voting guidelines to arrive at informed voting decisions. Time is already tight, particularly in the highly con-centrated spring ‘‘proxy season,’’ due to the limited period between a company’s publica-tion of the annual meeting proxy materials and annual meeting dates. Moreover, the proposed legislation does not appear to contemplate a parallel require-ment that dissidents in a proxy fight or pro-ponents of shareowner proposals also receive the recommendations and research in ad-vance. This would violate an underlying tenet of U.S. corporate governance that where matters are contested in corporate elections, management and shareowner ad-vocates should operate on a level playing field. Require the Securities and Exchange Com-mission (SEC) to assess the ability of proxy advisory firms to perform their duties and to assess the adequacy of proxy advisory firms’ ‘‘financial and managerial resources.’’ The entities that are in the best position to make assessments about the ability of proxy advisory firms to perform their con-tractual duties are the pension funds and other institutional investors that choose to purchase and use the proxy advisory firms’ reports and recommendations. These are so-phisticated consumers who make choices based on free-market principles. In 2014, the SEC staff issued guidance re-affirming that investment advisors have a duty to maintain sufficient oversight of proxy advisory firms and other third-party voting agents: We publicly supported that guidance. We are unaware of any compelling empirical evidence indicating that the guid-ance is not being followed or that the bur-densome federal regulatory scheme con-templated by the proposed legislation is needed. Increase costs for institutional investors with no clear benefits. If enacted, the proposed legislation is like-ly to result in higher costs for pension plans and other institutional investors—poten-tially much higher costs if investors seek to maintain current levels of scrutiny and due diligence around proxy voting amid the exit of some or all proxy advisory firms from the business. The proposed legislation is highly likely to limit competition, by reducing the current number of proxy advisory firms in the U.S. market and imposing serious bar-riers to entry for potential new firms. We believe that the cost estimate provided by the Congressional Budget Office to the House Financial Services Committee in Sep-tember 2016 on substantially similar legisla-tion in the 114th Congress (that is, that pri-vate sector costs would be less than $154 mil-lion) underestimates the costs that this bill would impose through private-sector man-dates. The CBO should analyze the probable effects of the proposal on competition, and the costs to investors if (a) competition is re-duced and the pricing power of a surviving proxy advisory firm is enhanced, and (b) if all present firms exit the market and the services they provided are no longer avail-able, forcing individual investors to use in-ternal resources not subject to the new regu-latory mandate. Finally, we note that in recent months the United States Department of Treasury (Treasury) performed outreach to identify views on proxy advisory firms in connection with its recently issued report to the Presi-dent on ‘‘A Financial System that Creates Economic Opportunities, Capital Markets.’’ In that report, the Treasury found that ‘‘in-stitutional investors, who pay for proxy ad-vice and are responsible for voting decisions, find the services valuable, especially in sort-ing through the lengthy and significant dis-closures contained in proxy statements.’’ More importantly, the Treasury did not rec-ommend any legislative changes governing the proxy advisory firm industry. Thank you for considering these views. CH would be very happy to discuss its perspec-tive in more detail. Sincerely, Jeff Mahoney, General Counsel, Council of Institutional Investors; Marcie Frost, Chief Executive Officer, CalPERS; Anne Sheehan, Director of Corporate Governance, California State Teachers’ Retirement System; Gregory W. Smith, Executive Director/CEO, Colorado Public Employees’ Retirement Association; Denise I. Nappier, Connecticut State Treas-urer, Trustee, Connecticut Retirement Plans and Trust Funds; Michael McCauley, Senior Officer, Investment Programs & Governance, Florida State Board of Administration; Mi-chael Frerichs, Illinois State Treasurer; Jon-athan Grabel, Chief Investment Officer, Los Angeles County Employees Retirement Asso-ciation; Scott Stringer, New York City Comptroller; Karen Carraher, Executive Di-rector, Ohio Public Employees Retirement System; Richard Stensrud, Executive Direc-tor, School Employees Retirement System of Ohio; Jeffrey S. Davis, Executive Director, Seattle City Employees’ Retirement System. Tobias Read, Treasurer, State of Oregon; Michael J. Nehf, Executive Director, STRS Ohio; Theresa Whitmarsh, Executive Direc-tor, Washington State Investment Board; Heather Slavin Corzo, Director, Office of In-vestment, AFL–CIO; Dieter Waizenegger, Ex-ecutive Director, CtW Investment Group; Timothy J. Driscoll, Secretary-Treasurer, International Union of Bricklayers & Allied Craftworkers; Janice J. Fueser, Research Co-ordinator, Corporate Governance, UNITE HERE; Euan Stirling, Global Head of Stew-ardship & ESG Investing, Aberdeen Standard Investments; Blaine Townsend, Senior Vice 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.030 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10328 December 20, 2017 
President, Director, Sustainable, Respon-sible and Impact Investing Group Bailard, Inc.; Jennifer Coulson, Senior Manager, ESG Integration, British Columbia Investment Management Corporation (bcIMC); Julie Cays, Chair, Canadian Coalition for Good Governance; Mike Lubrano, Managing Direc-tor, Corporate Governance and Sustain-ability, Cartica Management, LLC. Carole Nugent, CCRIM Coordinator, Con-ference for Corporate Responsibility, Indiana and Michigan; Karen Watson, CFA, Chief In-vestment Officer, Congregation of St. Jo-seph; Sister Teresa Teresa George, D.C., Pro-vincial Treasurer, Daughters of Charity, Province of St. Louise; Mary Ellen Leciejewski, OP, Vice President, Corporate Responsibility, Dignity Health; Jeffery W. Perkins, Executive Director, Friends Fidu-ciary Corporation; Matthew S. Aquiline, CEO, International Council of Employers of Bricklayers & Allied Craftworkers; Andrew shapiro, Managing Member & President, Lawndale Capital Management, LLC; Clare Payn, Head of Corporate Governance North America, Legal & General Investment Man-agement; Susan S. Makos, Vice President of Social Responsibility, Mercy Investment Services, Inc.; Luan Jenifer, Chief Operating Officer, Miller/Howard Investments, Inc.; Michelle de Cordova, Director, Corporate En-gagement Public Policy, NEI Investments; Judy Byron, OP, Director, Northwest Coali-tion for Responsible Investment. Amy O’Brien, Global Head of Responsibile Investing, Nuveen, the investment manager of TIAA; Julie Fox Gorte, Ph.D, Senior Vice President for sustainable Investing, Pax World Management, LLC; Kathleen Woods, Corporate Responsibility Chair, Portfolio Advisory Board, Adrian Dominican Sisters; Judy Cotte, VP & Head, Corporate Govern-ance & Responsible Investment, RBC Global Asset Management; Maria Egan, Portfolio Manager and Shareholder Engagaement Manager, Reynders, McVeigh Capital Man-agement, LLC; Maureen O’Brien, Vice Presi-dent and Corporate Governance Director, Segan Marco Advisers; Kevin Thomas, Direc-tor of Shareholder Engagement, Shareholder Association for Research & Education; Jonas D. Kron, Senior Vice President, Director of Shareholder Advocacy, Trillium Asset Man-agement, LLC; Tim Smith, Director of ESG, Shareowner Engagement, Walden Asset Man-agement; Sonia Kowal, President, Zevin Asset Management, LLC. 
COUNCIL OF INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS , Washington, DC, December 12, 2017. Re H.R. 4015. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER AND MINORITY LEADER  P
ELOSI : On behalf of the Council of Institu-tional Investors (CII or Council), we are writ-ing to express our opposition to H.R. 4015, which we understand will soon be voted on by the United States House of Representa-tives. CII is a nonpartisan, nonprofit association of public, corporate and union employee ben-efit funds, other employee benefit plans, state and local entities charged with invest-ing public assets, and foundations and en-dowments with combined assets under man-agement exceeding $3 trillion. CII’s member funds include major long-term shareowners with a duty to protect the retirement sav-ings of millions of workers and their fami-lies. The Council’s associate members in-clude a range of asset managers with more than $20 trillion in assets under manage-ment. Many of our members and other institu-tional investors voluntary contract with proxy advisory firms to obtain research re-ports to assist the funds in voting their prox-ies according to the funds’ own proxy voting guidelines. This contractual relationship provides investors a cost-efficient means of obtaining supplemental research on proxy voting issues, which is particularly bene-ficial since many funds hold thousands of companies in their investment portfolios. H.R. 4015 would establish a new federal reg-ulatory scheme for proxy advisory firms that would (I) grant ‘‘companies,’’ apparently meaning corporate management, the right to review the proxy advisory firms research re-ports before the paying customers—inves-tors—receive the reports; (2) mandate that the proxy advisory firms hire an ombudsman to receive and resolve corporation’s com-plaints; and (3) if the ombudsman to unable to resolve the complaints, and if the com-pany management submits a written re-quest, proxy advisory firms would be re-quired to publish company management’s dissenting statement. These provisions would result in the federal government inter-posing corporate management between in-vestors and those proxy advisory firms that investors hire to provide them with research on issues, such as executive compensation, in which corporate management can have its own interests, sometimes in conflict with in-vestors and with the corporate entity. Setting aside whether the provisions of H.R. 4015 are consistent with First Amend-ment rights of freedom of speech, the provi-sions are not practical. The provisions would require proxy advisory firms to provide the management teams of more than 4,000 cor-porations the opportunity to present de-tailed comments on the firm’s reports in a matter of weeks before the reports are pro-vided to investors. Thus, investors would have limited time to analyze the reports in the context of their own proxy voting guide-lines to arrive at informed voting decisions. Time is already tight, particularly in the spring ‘‘proxy season,’’ due to the limited pe-riod between a corporations’ publication of the annual meeting proxy materials and the date in which investors are permitted to vote on proxy issues. In addition, the provisions of H.R. 4015 would likely result in fewer market partici-pants in the proxy advisory firm industry. The provisions would add significant costs increasing barriers to new entrants and po-tentially leading some existing firms to exit the industry altogether. We also note that the United States De-partment of Treasury recently performed ex-tensive outreach to identify views of com-pany management teams and other market participants on proxy advisory firms in con-nection with its recently issued report to President Trump on ‘‘A Financial System that Creates Economic Opportunities, Cap-ital Markets.’’ In its report the Treasury found that ‘‘institutional investors, who pay for proxy advice and are responsible for vot-ing decisions, fmd the [proxy advisory firm] services valuable, especially in sorting through the lengthy and significant disclo-sures contained in proxy statements.’’ More significantly, the Treasury did not call for legislation of the proxy advisory firm indus-try. Finally, we have attached for your infor-mation and review a November 9, 2017 letter signed by 45 investors and investor organiza-tions describing in more detail the basis for their strong opposition to H.R. 4015. Thank you for considering our views. We would welcome the opportunity to discuss our perspective on this important issue with you or your staff in more detail. Sincerely, JEFFREY P. M AHONEY , General Counsel. 
b1415 The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 657, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. SARBANES. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Sarbanes moves to recommit the bill, H.R. 4015, with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendments: Page 14, strike line 23. Page 14, line 25, strike the period and in-sert ‘‘; and’’ and after such line insert the following: ‘‘(C) does not include proxy voting rec-ommendations on shareholder proposals re-lated to political campaign contributions of a company.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Maryland is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, this amendment is about promoting greater transparency and shareholder review of political campaign activity of public corpora-tions. As we have heard, the underlying bill would create new restrictions on proxy advisory firms that would erode their capacity to provide reliable, inde-pendent advice to public company in-vestors: institutional investors such as pension funds that serve firefighters, teachers, and police officers. My amendment would restore the ability of advisory firms to provide research and vote recommendations regarding a public company’s spending on political campaign contributions. Over the past half a century, public companies have increasingly entered the political arena, spending huge sums on political contributions and cam-paign activity. Court rulings like Citi-zens United and SpeechNOW.org have opened new avenues of influence for corporate America and have worked to amplify the role of public companies in our politics. Mr. Speaker, the public is becoming increasingly anxious about this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.032 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10329 December 20, 2017 
Fortunately, in recent years, some shareholders and public interest orga-nizations have successfully put pres-sure on public corporations to adopt shareholder review of corporate polit-ical activity, stemming the tide of un-checked political spending from public corporations. Yet the underlying bill would unwind that progress, giving corporations direct influence over proxy advisory firm recommendations to shareholders regarding political ac-tivity, knocking down yet another pil-lar of political accountability in our politics. Mr. Speaker, we need more, not less political accountability from our Na-tion’s corporations. As this week has shown, corporate America has an out-sized influence in our Nation’s public policy. Look no further than today’s vote on the GOP tax scam or yester-day’s further deregulation of some of our Nation’s largest financial institu-tions. There is no mystery as to why this has happened. A sophisticated cor-porate influence economy involving campaign contributions, aggressive lobbying, a web of trade associations, corporate-backed think tanks, and out-side political organizations has sprung up in Washington to shape who runs for office, who wins office, and the policies we in Congress adopt. Mr. Speaker, Americans hate this system. They hate the arrogance with which monied interests exert their in-fluence on our politics and our govern-ment. They feel that their voice, the voice of the people, is ignored while Big Money insiders have their way on Capitol Hill. They want us to change the corrosive status quo. Mr. Speaker, we can take a small step forward with this amendment to restore the American people’s faith in our ability to stand up to corporate power. We should adopt this modest, but important change to an otherwise flawed piece of legislation. At a minimum, we should protect the opportunity for institutional investors to receive independent research and ad-vice when it comes to the political ac-tivity of public companies. It is about transparency. It is about account-ability. It is about the public interest. Mr. Speaker, to that end, I urge my colleagues to support the motion to re-commit, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I listened carefully. I didn’t hear any-thing about labor union political cam-paign contributions, known political allies of the Democratic Party. This is yet one more assault on the First Amendment’s freedom of speech by my friends on the other side of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, it ought to be re-jected, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 21 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1808 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) at 6 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 4 of rule XVI, I move that when the House adjourns on this legis-lative day, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. on Thursday, December 21, 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 238, nays 182, not voting 11, as follows: [Roll No. 702] YEAS—238 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—182 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Kennedy Mullin Napolitano Pocan Renacci Simpson Smith (TX) Thompson (MS) Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 217, nays 194, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 703] YEAS—217 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blumenauer Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Budd Bustos Butterfield Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crist Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette DeLauro Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Eshoo Estes (KS) Evans Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Rourke Olson Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Posey Quigley Reichert Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Takano Taylor Thornberry Titus Trott Tsongas Vela´zquez Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) 
NAYS—194 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Comer Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Courtney Crawford Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeFazio Delaney DelBene Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Emmer Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Fudge Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Holding Hoyer Hudson Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Katko Keating Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Mast Matsui McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Moore Neal Nolan Norcross Norman O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, Austin Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Soto Stivers Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Zeldin ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Rice (SC) Tonko 
NOT VOTING—18 
Beatty Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Castor (FL) Crowley Gaetz Gohmert Graves (LA) Kennedy Lieu, Ted Mullin Napolitano Pocan Renacci Simpson Smith (TX) Thompson (MS) Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and thank somebody who has been a key part of my team since I got elected into House leader-ship. He is the floor director right now for the whip’s office, Mr. Matt Bravo. Matt Bravo has been with my team and has helped us through some crit-ical key legislative victories, not the least of which is the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act today, helping pass the bills through the floor and helping us get our work done as we whip the bills to make sure we can move the majority’s agenda. Matt has worked for years, Mr. Speaker, not just in the whip’s office for me, he has also worked for former whip and majority leader Eric Cantor. He has worked for the Energy and Commerce Committee. Matt Bravo has dedicated more than 10 years of his life to public service in this institution with honor and integ-rity. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Matt Bravo is somebody who has the full respect of not only our Members on the House Re-publican side, he is respected by the Democratic leadership as well and is a key part of our staff and, again, has helped us pass critical legislation. I would call him the best floor director ever. We are going to miss him here. Jen-nifer and I wish him and his wife, Sum-mer, and their soon-to-be growing fam-ily all the best in their future life. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank him for the time and the public service he has given to this House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.066 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10332 December 20, 2017 
Again, thank you, Mr. Matt Bravo, for the service you have given to all of us. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, will my friend yield? Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ). Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, I agree with everything the gentleman said. Maybe he is not the best floor director—I have got a pretty good one myself—but he is a very, very good floor director. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, we can maybe disagree on that like we dis-agree on who has the best crabs, but we will enjoy that disagreement. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I was going to say that one of the problems that I have with Mr. Bravo is that he thinks that Louisiana crabs are better than Maryland crabs, but loyalty is an important aspect of our service. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise to join my friend, Mr. S
CALISE , the major-ity whip, and thank Matt Bravo for the leadership that he has given on this floor, and particularly on behalf of my floor staff with whom he has worked very closely, both when he was with Mr. Cantor, with whom I worked very closely, and now Mr. S
CALISE , with whom I work closely. We thank him for his service to this House. Every time I rise, I say, whether it is a Democratic or a Republican staffer who works this floor, they work with all of us, and they work in a way that tries to facilitate the doing of the peo-ple’s business. They are not always as successful as they would like to be. It is the fault of the Members, not of the staff. They have good plans that go awry because the Members do not cooperate. Mr. Speaker, I would like to tell Matt that I understand that very well. Mr. Speaker, we want to thank Matt for the very collegial, positive, con-structive way in which he has worked with my staff, with the leader’s staff, with other staff on this side of the aisle, as well as staff on his side of the aisle to assure that we can, to the best extent possible, work in a constructive way on behalf of the American people. I am sure that Matt will be as suc-cessful in future endeavors as he has been here, and, if so, very, very suc-cessful indeed. Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority whip for yielding me time, and I wish Matt Bravo the very best. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Democratic whip for his kind words and for the way that our of-fices do work together on those occa-sions. Frankly, it is most occasions where we are working together on things. Obviously, there are times when we are not; but even in those times, our staffs have a great working relationship and a trust level that is really important to the House getting its business done. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Democratic leader. Mr. MCHENRY. Mr. Speaker, will the gentleman yield? Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I would be honored to yield to the chief deputy whip, Mr. M
CHENRY . Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, it is a special pleasure to come and speak to the career of a great public servant, Matt Bravo. Matt has worked here in the House for 11 years in various roles. He started off as body guy for Leader Cantor when Leader Cantor served as chief deputy whip. In addition to that, he has held various roles in the whip operation, in the leader’s office on the Republican side of the aisle, as well as important work on the Energy and Commerce Committee. Matt Bravo has a great sense of humor, a great love for the game of golf. He is much better at the game of golf than he is at his jokes. We love Matt Bravo. We love teasing him. We love giving him a hard time, but we know his true character. We know how he works intensely to see things through, to grind out the votes to get 218 to pass our agenda. Mr. Speaker, we know Matt will be successful in this next phase of his ca-reer. We thank him for his friendship. We thank him for his service to this House. On both sides of the aisle, the respect that he has gained is immense, and we congratulate him on this next phase. Mr. Speaker, we thank Matt for his service in the people’s House, to his government, to the United States of America’s people. We will miss him. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I didn’t recognize that Matt’s lovely wife, Summer, is in the balcony, too, and I thank her for the time that she lent him to us and to this great institution. The best of luck to her family and her future with Matt. 
f 
PROTECT BOB MUELLER (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today the Republicans showed their values. They showed their values in the tax bill that gave 83 percent of the dollars to the upper 1 percent of the economic strata in this country. They showed their values in giving real estate developers special tax breaks, like President Trump and oth-ers, and gave people who are extremely wealthy the opportunity to will more money to their children or whoever they choose than they can today, an $11 million break. It has been sad sitting on the Judici-ary Committee and watching the Re-publicans be aiders and abetters of the President in trying to demean the rep-utation of one of the finest Americans and public servants I have ever had the opportunity to know, Bob Mueller, and probably with the intention of firing him, something that should wake Re-publicans up to the fact that our coun-try is in jeopardy. We shouldn’t be doing things that help the Russians get away with efforts to change our elections and interfere with our country’s values. America first, Russia last. Protect Bob Mueller. f 
HEZBOLLAH IS A TERRORIST GROUP AND A CRIMINAL ORGA-NIZATION (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Hezbollah is not only a terrorist group, it is a criminal organization that funds its terror through drug trafficking, arms dealing, and money laundering. Hezbollah is believed to raise $4 bil-lion to $5 billion, annually, through these criminal activities. Tons of Hezbollah cocaine makes its way into the United States every year, but the past administration refused to des-ignate Iran’s proxy, Hezbollah, as a criminal organization making it pos-sible to prosecute Hezbollah in the United States. They repeatedly delayed and denied DEA requests to investigate and pros-ecute Hezbollah drug dealing and arms dealing networks. Why? So Iran would not back out of the nuclear deal. In 2016, the White House even let a Hezbollah arms dealer with connec-tions to Putin go free. That is why Representatives C
OOK, R OS-LEHTINEN , and I sent a letter to the President yes-terday urging him to designate Hezbollah as a transnational criminal organization and a kingpin entity. No more backroom deals for Iran. We must change course quickly. Every day more illegal money flows into Hezbollah’s coffers. Hezbollah terror-ists and criminals ought to be pros-ecuted. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
GOP TAX BILL IS THE GREATEST TRANSFER OF WEALTH (Mr. BEYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, the tax bill we passed today has little in common with what Speaker R
YAN described to us yesterday. Putting more money into the pockets of working people would be great, but that is not what they wrote this bill to do. I have grown a business, made pay-roll every 2 weeks for more than 40 years, and invested many millions of dollars in plant and equipment. I still voted ‘‘no,’’ though, because I was just wise enough to realize that without our people, our employees, we have noth-ing. I would be enthusiastic about a tax bill that actually put more money into their pockets instead of mine. We have 381 hardworking men and women on our payroll today. Not a sin-gle one will benefit from the doubling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.069 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10333 December 20, 2017 
of the estate tax exclusion, but every one will be affected by the medical in-surance premium rates, which this bill will drive up. Every one will be at risk when their minimal so-called tax cuts expire in just a few years. Mine, by the way, are permanent. Our children and grand-children will suffer ever more greatly as we continue to balloon the Federal debt. This tax bill may be the greatest transfer of wealth from working Amer-icans to the idle rich in the history of our country. Mr. Speaker, this is a very sad day for the country I love. 
f 
HONORING TWO NAVAJO CODE TALKERS (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the lives of two Navajo Code Talkers, George B. Willie Sr. and Teddy Draper Sr., who recently both passed away in my home State of Ari-zona. While both young men, Mr. Willie and Mr. Draper enlisted in the U.S. Ma-rine Corps and valiantly served in World War II in the Battles of Okinawa and Iwo Jima. The Navajo Code Talkers used the Navajo language to transmit and re-ceive messages that could not be trans-lated or intercepted by the Japanese. This unique skill was a great advan-tage for the United States’ victory in the Pacific theater. In 2001, both Mr. Willie and Mr. Drap-er were awarded the Congressional Sil-ver Medal for their service and selfless devotion to duty. The sacrifices of Mr. Willie and Mr. Draper and their fami-lies during World War II will be re-membered for generations. We will be forever grateful for their dedication to our Nation. 
f 
GOP TAX PLAN (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, the tax bill passed by the House GOP today embodies everything that Americans dislike about Congress: It was drafted behind closed doors where the drafters cast aside expert analysis and relied instead on special interests and faulty disproven assump-tions. The plan slashes tax rates for multi-national corporations and the super-wealthy, but leaves hardworking Amer-icans in the 47th Congressional District to pay the bill. It penalizes taxpayers in California and other blue States for investing in our schools, in our roads, and in our public services. It cruelly hits children, seniors, and low-income Americans by putting at risk Medicare, Medicaid, SNAP, and Social Security. Mr. Speaker, I could not, and proudly did not, vote for this disastrous piece of legislation. f 
UNION COUNTY FREEHOLDER VERNELL WRIGHT RETIRES (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a public servant from my dis-trict in Union County, New Jersey, Freeholder Vernell Wright, on the oc-casion of her retirement. Freeholder Wright began her career in public service in 1966 as a title 1 teacher at Jefferson School in Union Township, New Jersey. For 36 years, she helped educate the county’s public schoolchildren. In 2012, the people of Union Township sent their beloved educator to rep-resent them on the Union County Board of Chosen Freeholders. Freeholder Wright’s legacy as an elected official is best characterized by her unselfish devotion to the constitu-ents whom she represents. As recogni-tion for her dedicated work and selfless service, she has been awarded New Jer-sey’s Freeholder of the Year Award and Union County’s Chester Holmes Hu-manitarian Award. Freeholder Wright is a model for the next generation of public servants. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me and the people back in Union County tonight at a dinner to honor Freeholder Wright’s lifetime of service. I am honored to be her Member of Con-gress. God bless Freeholder Wright. 
f 
b1915 HONORING THE LIFE OF LORIMER ARENDSE, PRINCIPAL OF GRAND PRAIRIE HIGH SCHOOL (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Lorimer Arendse, the principal of Grand Prairie High School, who lost his battle with stage IV lung cancer on December 15. Never shy about sharing his hatred for school during his formative years, Lorimer found his passion for aca-demics once he met and fell in love with his wife, Jeanelle, while attending Grace College in Warsaw, Indiana. Upon graduating Grace College, Lorimer continued his passion for edu-cation upon earning his master’s de-gree in educational administration from Ashland University. From there, he began his career in education as a math teacher and ad-vanced to assistant principal. In 2013, Lorimer was named principal of the Young Men’s Leadership Academy at Kennedy Middle School in Grand Prai-rie. In 2014, he was named principal of Grand Prairie High School. Although his time with us was short, let us all be encouraged by his final les-son: treat each other with kindness. Be respectful. Be courteous. Be what a Go-pher is. At this time, I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their prayers to Principal Lorimer Arendse’s family and the Grand Prairie High School community. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF COUNCILMAN PETER BROWN (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to celebrate the life of a dear friend, the Honorable Peter Brown, former council member at large for the city of Houston. Tomorrow he will be memorialized in Houston, Texas. It saddens me that I will not be able to join him and his family and the many, many Houstonians and friends who will come to honor him. The rea-son is because Peter Brown was Hous-ton’s chief champion. He loved Hous-ton. He loved to talk about mobility in Houston. Even before most Houstonians understood the value of the light rail system, Peter Brown was on the forefront. He was an architect, and he under-stood beauty and planning. He had a humorous and wonderful touch, but he also was serious and stern when it came to planning and the environment. Peter Brown wanted to see Houston as it is and as it continues to be a world class city. Before we spoke of greenery and all the things that make a city great, the parks, green space, Peter Brown was doing so. Peter Brown was also a dear friend to me, my family, and so many others. He lost his battle just about 10 days ago to a terrible and vicious disease. But as I visited Peter, I can assure you that on the occasions I went to see him, he was always thinking about others and thinking about the city, thinking about our State and the Nation, always sharing, but fighting his fight. To his family and his children and to the people who love him, I just simply want to say: tonight and tomorrow we honor a great American, a friend to us all. He may be from Houston, Texas, but if you got a chance to know him, you would love him, too. Mr. Speaker, I ask for a moment of silence in honor of the Honorable Peter Brown. 
f 
HEALTHCARE AND LITTLE LOBBYISTS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to defend our Nation’s children. The GOP tax scam repeals the provi-sion assuring all families have health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.070 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10334 December 20, 2017 
insurance access. Nonpartisan experts estimate 13 million fewer Americans will be insured because of the Repub-lican repeal, including millions of chil-dren. Yesterday I met with families from the Little Lobbyists. I was struck by Laura Hatcher’s story of her child and her emotion when she learned about the passage of the Affordable Care Act. She burst into tears. She knew her son, who has cerebral palsy, could gain in-surance with no fear of discrimination due to preexisting conditions. Ms. Hatcher urged yesterday that America must turn from its destruc-tive and immoral path. She said: We are here to show what access to afford-able, quality healthcare and programs like Medicaid mean for our families. These programs that the Republican Congress intends to cut to fund tax breaks to wealthy heirs and corpora-tions are the difference between our children having a future or being forced back into institutions reminis-cent of a Dickens novel. This is wrong. Mr. Speaker, Members of Congress were elected to protect and defend the American people, not put families like the Hatchers at risk because of the Re-publican’s billionaire tax bill. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  Laura Hatcher’s remarks: 
LAURA HATCHER REMARKS  Thank you Leader Pelosi for inviting the Little Lobbyists here today to speak on be-half of families of children with complex medical needs. It’s the holidays and the Muppet version of ‘‘A Christmas Carol’’ has been on repeat at my house. We’re all big Muppet fans and my 11–year-old son Simon loves music, silliness, and a sweet story. I also think another rea-son Simon likes the movie so much is be-cause he identifies with the character ‘‘Tiny Tim.’’ It’s easy to see the resemblance. Like Tim, Simon is sweet and kind, he loves Christmas, he even sits by the fireplace and sings sometimes. Dickens doesn’t identify Tiny Tim’s diag-nosis, but I imagine he might have had cere-bral palsy like Simon. Simon has trouble walking and like Tim, he wears braces to support his legs. Though I miss him being little enough to carry on my shoulders the way Bob Cratchit carries Tiny Tim, Simon still loves to be held and hugged. And I do hug him all the time, as often as I can. Be-cause, like the Cratchits, due to another rare disease we don’t yet understand, we Hatchers don’t know how long we’ll have Simon with us. I also find it’s strikingly easy to draw an-other analogy between ‘‘A Christmas Carol’’ (Muppet version included), and what’s hap-pening in our lives right now. In the story, the miserly Ebenezer Scrooge is warned that his decisions have far-reaching consequences that impact many people. The same can be said of the decisions being made by Congress today. The choices they’re making, like whether or not to pass this tax bill, have far reaching consequences for us all. It is for this reason my family has been coming to Capitol Hill with the Little Lob-byists since July. Our government seemed to turn away from protecting people with dis-abilities and complex medical needs, like my little boy, and began trying to take away the legal protections and programs my son’s life and my family’s future depend on. Lately it seems like everything is under threat—ac-cessibility, education, and health care. It was less than 10 years ago that the pas-sage of the Affordable Care Act made sure that people with preexisting conditions, like my Simon, would always have the right to health care. It promised families like mine could not be cut off by insurers and forced into bankruptcy because our child’s health care was just too expensive. It expanded Medicaid, including waiver programs, so more kids like Simon can have access to the therapy, health care, and inclusion programs they need to survive and thrive in their com-munities. I remember the exact moment it passed—I was in the grocery store and I burst into tears of relief when my husband texted me with the news. After years of worrying every single day about how we’d be able to care for our sweet boy in the future, it finally seemed like things were going to be okay. Living with that knowledge has been a huge gift for a family like ours, who routinely deal with life and death situations most families can’t imagine. But since this summer there have been multiple attempts to repeal the ACA, includ-ing as a part of this Tax Bill. Non-partisan experts have told us that 13 million people will lose access to health insurance if it passes. Once the ACA is weakened, protec-tion for people with pre-existing conditions will become too costly to afford. Very soon, I could once again be facing a future where I don’t know how I’ll be able to care for my child. This is a thought I simply find too difficult to bear. And all of this is happening against the ad-vice of experts. Without the input of those it will impact. It makes one wonder who our government is listening to, if not us. Accord-ing to lobbying disclosure forms, this tax bill was written with the input of over 6,000 (real, not little) lobbyists. Some representatives have even said publicly that their donors have told them to ‘‘get it done, or else.’’ Or else. We parents of medically complex kids understand consequences. We know what will happen if this tax bill passes, if our country does not turn from this destructive and immoral path. And so, here we are. We are the ghosts of ‘‘Christmas present.’’ We are here to show legislators what access to affordable, quality health care and programs like Medicaid mean for our families. These programs, that Congress intends to cut to fund tax breaks to wealthy heirs and corporations, are literally the difference between our children having a future in their homes and communities, or being forced back into institutions reminis-cent of a Dickens’ novel. This is wrong. We’re also here to show everyone that kids with complex medical needs and disabilities are just kids. They love to play, they love to learn, they love the Muppets. And as Ameri-cans they deserve to have a government that protects them. Today, as a mother and as a voice of conscience, I’m asking everyone that can hear me that can see these chil-dren—please protect them. Help us make sure that Christmases yet to come are even more joyful than those past. God bless us, everyone. f 
THE INFAMOUS TRUMP TOWER MEETING (Mr. HUFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, June 9, 2016, was the date of the infamous Trump Tower meeting with at least five Russians with Kremlin ties. That date is about the only constant in a tangled web of lies we have heard from Team Trump. When Donald Trump, Jr., was first asked about this meeting, he said it was just about adoption, not a cam-paign issue. But he changed his tune when the New York Times revealed emails showing it was all about the campaign; in fact, an offer to get damning information on Hillary Clin-ton as ‘‘part of Russia and its govern-ment’s support for Mr. Trump. . . .’’ Now, Donald Trump, Jr.’s, response to this illegal offer says it all: ‘‘. . . if it is what you say, I love it. . . . ’’ We may never know how much collu-sion was set in motion at this meeting, but we do know two things: First, Team Trump has repeatedly misled us, concealing it from security clearance forms, issuing a false state-ment dictated by President Trump himself. Second, the Russians did go on to produce a massive cache of stolen emails and helped the Trump campaign in other ways. These are damning facts, Mr. Speak-er, and there are many more to come. We need to find out what else they lied about and what else they are hiding. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee). Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
CONGRATULATING AMSTERDAM RADIO LEGEND SAM ZURLO ON HIS RETIREMENT (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Amsterdam radio legend, Sam Zurlo, on his retirement this week. For over 60 years, Sam’s voice has greeted the residents and visitors of Montgomery County, New York. Sam has been working in broadcasting since 1953. Now at 82, he hosts the longest- running talk show in the history of the county. Sam’s broadcasting career was born from his service with Armed Forces Radio in Germany, where he delivered a nightly broadcast for 3 years. Sam also worked as a print journalist for the Schenectady Gazette for some 35 years. Decade after decade, his distinctive voice has been the catalyst for free and open debate. He has brought an air of familiarity and of community to our humble corner of upstate New York. Listening to conversations about cur-rent events with Sam has always made the abstractions of politics a little more real. Sam’s personality has in-spired many and brought light, com-fort, and connection to countless neighbors and friends. Mr. Speaker, I thank Sam Zurlo for his years of exceptional work and a leg-endary career in local journalism. I wish him the best for an equally spe-cial retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.072 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10335 December 20, 2017 
THE GOP TAX SCAM (Mr. RYAN of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, what a day in Washington, D.C. We have many Republicans in this town saying: What a great day it is for the American people; what a great Christ-mas for America. The average family—63 percent in America—can’t withstand a $500 emer-gency. With this tax cut, Apple is going to get $47 billion and Donald Trump’s family is going to get $1 billion. They are going to toss out a few crumbs to working class families who work 60, 70 hours a week, and the fat cats in Wash-ington and Wall Street are going to run off with the whole pot of gold. Whatever happened in this country where we said, To whom much is given, much is expected? We need to challenge the wealthy corporations. They are sitting on $4 trillion worth of cash. If they want to start a factory, buy a machine, or hire workers, they could do it now. They don’t need to take it from the middle class. 
f 
PROJECT CASSANDRA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extra-neous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak on an issue that is just now beginning to gain momentum and traction. Already, this issue of great importance is bringing great alarm and concern, as well as focus. I speak specifically in regard to the Obama administration’s apparent decision to sacrifice the opportunity to take down Hezbollah and bring terror-ists to justice. What most Americans know about Hezbollah is that it is an Iran-backed proxy militia based in Lebanon, which was responsible for a string of terrorist attacks against Americans in the 1980s, including the attack in 1983 of the Bei-rut barracks, which killed 241 Amer-ican servicemembers. Since that time, Hezbollah has open-ly attacked Israel. They have propped up regimes supported by Iran, like Bashar al-Assad in Syria. They are de-fined by their violence and human rights abuses. But what most Americans are not aware of, Mr. Speaker, is that over the last 30 years, Hezbollah has evolved be-yond its origins as Iran’s attack dog in the Middle East and they now run one of the world’s most expansive and dan-gerous multinational criminal net-works in the world. Hezbollah works directly with cor-rupt governments, like Venezuela and others, to create criminal networks across Latin America, Africa, Europe, and the Middle East. They have lit-erally moved tons—metric tons—of co-caine across the world, laundered money, and trafficked weapons and in-dividuals. They are a critical part of a network responsible for the use of IEDs in the Middle East, which have killed literally thousands of American sol-diers in Iraq and Afghanistan. Hezbollah, Mr. Speaker, is a scourge not only in the Middle East, but throughout the entire world. The rea-son we know this—which has just, in recent days, started to become public— is because, in 2008, the DEA launched a campaign known as Project Cassandra, which amassed evidence over 8 years of investigation regarding Hezbollah’s criminal activities. They used wire-taps, undercover operations, inform-ants, and so forth to map Hezbollah’s illicit networks with the help of some 30 different U.S. and foreign security agencies. These DEA agents traced the activities all the way to the inner cir-cles of Hezbollah and its state sponsors in Iran. But—and here is where all of this starts coming into play—when the time came to extradite and prosecute these terrorists, the Obama adminis-tration’s Department of Justice and Department of State refused to move forward. That is unthinkable to me. It is un-thinkable to many people in our coun-try. The Justice Department refused to file criminal charges against suspects that were already in custody in Eu-rope. The State Department refused to put meaningful pressure on allied coun-tries to extradite Hezbollah leaders to the United States. Why? Why did they refuse to get in-volved? According to an Obama administra-tion Treasury official, in her written testimony to the House Foreign Affairs Committee, investigations to Hezbollah were tapped down for fear of rocking the boat with Iran and jeopard-izing the nuclear deal. b1930 The nuclear deal is already deeply, deeply flawed in so many ways. The Iran nuclear deal apparently took prec-edence over crippling a foreign ter-rorist organization directly responsible for the deaths of American citizens and one of the world’s largest drug and weapons trafficking networks. Hezbollah is responsible for procuring parts for Iran’s nuclear and ballistic missile program, the very program that the nuclear deal was supposed to curtail. Hezbollah is supplying parts to them. Instead of prosecuting the leadership of Hezbollah and shutting down Iran’s weapons pipeline, the Obama adminis-tration legitimized Iran’s nuclear pro-gram and let Hezbollah leadership slip through the cracks and let them to-tally off the hook. After the conclusion of the Iran nu-clear deal, the Obama administration shut down Project Cassandra. We lost all that we had gained in 8 years of in-vestigations—all the information. We had them in our grasp, Mr. Speaker, after 8 years of investigation. We lost unprecedented insight into these global criminal networks. Mr. Speaker, this is morally rep-rehensible. It is stunning that we had our previous administration and that administration’s Justice Department and State Department evidently in-volved, engaged, and deliberately let-ting these criminals off the hook. How in the world can our allies in the global war on terror trust us when we won’t prosecute terrorists when we have the chance to do so? How can our allies in Latin America trust us when we refuse to prosecute leaders of one of the world’s largest drug trafficking networks? I have a few colleagues here tonight who are going to address this issue as well. Before I introduce the first one, I want to bring up one more point. Ali Fayad is a suspected leader in Hezbollah. He is an operative and a major weapons supplier. He has been indicted on charges of planning the murders of U.S. citizens, attempting to provide materiel support to a terrorist organization and attempting to ac-quire, transfer, and use antiaircraft missiles. For nearly 2 years, this terrorist was held in custody in the Czech Republic. For 2 years, the Obama administration failed to provide enough pressure to the Czech Republic, our NATO ally. The Obama administration refused to put pressure to extradite that terrorist to the United States. Ali Fayad now, as we speak here to-night, is a free man and alleged to be back in the business of arming mili-tants in Syria. This is inexcusable. Mr. Speaker, I want to personally thank those who served on Project Cas-sandra for their service to our Nation and for the work they did. I want them to know that what they did mattered. I am appalled that the Obama admin-istration did virtually nothing to stop Hezbollah’s criminal activities. I think this warrants an investigation by the U.S. House of Representatives, and that is what this Special Order tonight is all about: getting to the bottom of what is yet another example of a swamp that stinks to high heaven that needs to be cleaned up and drained out. We need an investigation into what happened in the Obama administration, the Department of Justice, and the De-partment of State in allowing these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.073 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10336 December 20, 2017 
terrorists and this terrorist network to get off the hook. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS), a good friend. He has been a leader in issues such as this, bringing to our attention both the highlighting of dangerous, harmful activity such as this tonight. He has been a great champion. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Georgia for yielding. This is a very important topic. I am going to touch on this by beginning with this idea of the distinction be-tween the current administration and its foreign policy as outlined in the re-cent statement from President Trump and that of the previous administra-tion. The distinction is very clear. The previous administration basically clung to an idea of neo-liberal institu-tionalism. That is to say, where there was a vacuum of power, we did not set the stage. America did not fill it. It re-mained a vacuum, with the idea being that an institution would fill that. Maybe the United Nations, maybe some other regional institution. But in doing so, we ceded over much of our sovereignty and failed to act to pre-serve and protect America’s best inter-ests. The current administration has taken a more realistic point of view. They are realists. That is, America’s interests will be first and paramount. We will see to it, we will foster alli-ances, and we will foster participation with our fellow nations to preserve America’s best interests. When America is strong, there is a greater chance for peace in the world. I believe that. That is the position of re-alists all the way back to Hans Mor-genthau. Even neo-realists like Ken-neth Waltz might agree. One thing that we know is that this particular episode that unfolds is a scandalous episode that put America in greater danger, probably, and perhaps, in order to foster political gains by the previous administration. One Treasury Department official who served in the Obama administra-tion testified to the House Committee on Foreign Affairs that, under the Obama administration, these Hezbollah-related investigations were tamped down for fear of rocking the boat with Iran and jeopardizing the nu-clear deal. That becomes the heart and the ra-tionale for how the previous adminis-tration handled a political decision in-stead of a foreign policy national secu-rity decision. We know a number of things that took place, and this is why the House needs to conduct its own investigation: so we can know how this played out, why this played out, who is respon-sible, and we can resolve never to do this again. We had Project Cassandra. This was a DEA campaign designed to expose a money laundering scheme in which Latin American drug-running was being funneled to Hezbollah. Hezbollah is a pro-Iranian Lebanese malitia and has been a foreign terrorist organization since 1987, and so des-ignated. It fosters alliances with rogue nations such as North Korea, Iran, and is violently anti-Israel and anti-United States. It has become a player in inter-national cocaine trafficking—using the proceeds of that drug trafficking to purchase explosives, EFPs, which is the deadliest type of IED used against American soldiers in Iraq. EFPs killed hundreds of American soldiers, and they were supplied by the Iranian Government and its Hezbollah allies. EFPs were literally ripping M1 Abrams tanks in half. It is a weapon that makes all the armor protection they have irrelevant. Mere threats of EFPs shut down all ground supply routes near American bases on the Ira-nian border. The result: cut off the head or the fi-nancing of Hezbollah through these international cocaine distribution routes. Project Cassandra was born in 2008. It found clear evidence that Hezbollah had grown from a Middle East-focused military and political organization into an international crime syndicate, likely collecting somewhere in the neighborhood of $1 billion a year from drug and weapons trafficking, money laundering, and other criminal activi-ties. For 8 years, DEA agents conducted high-stakes investigations—dangerous investigations—using technology as well as undercover operations and in-formants. That type of capital is ex-pensive and dangerous. The result was to map these illicit drug networks. They did this with the help of 30 U.S. and foreign security agencies. They saw worldwide, far- flung international drug trafficking from South America to Africa, from Europe to the Middle East, and in the United States, where drug funds were funneled through an array of busi-nesses, including used car lots. What happened? As we saw the previous administra-tion’s desire and design to leave a sig-nature legacy foreign policy win, the negotiations for the Iran nuclear deal got going and were in place. Project Cassandra’s agents say the Justice and Treasury Departments repeatedly hin-dered their attempts to pursue these investigations—the prosecutions, ar-rests, and financial sanctions against the key figures in this far-reaching drug scheme. This was a policy decision. It was a systematic decision. David Asher is quoted as saying: ‘‘They serially ripped apart this entire effort that was very well supported and resourced, and it was done from the top down.’’ They didn’t bring criminal charges. They didn’t continue to pursue these Hezbollah members or the banks that were laundering those billions in drug profits. Instead, they tore down the ap-paratus that was working on appre-hending the head of the snake. Well, we are going to go on with this. We need to go on with this. We need to investigate this further. This type of political decision that impacts and ac-tually works cross-wise to our very purpose in the Middle East must be stopped, and we must find out why that happened. Those who allowed our men and women to be put in harm’s way for a political decision need to be held ac-countable. So, Mr. Speaker, those who cling to the neo-liberal institutionalist mantra, who rely on multilateral institutions rather than putting America first, are the ones who produced this result. We are going to find out more in the coming weeks. My request is that the leadership in Congress, in this House of Representatives, instigate and pros-ecute an investigation to get to the bottom of this very heinous and very wrongheaded and dangerous decision. I thank the gentleman for allowing me to participate and for his lead on this tonight. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, this highlights the impor-tance of the issue that we are dealing with and the need for an investigation. Hundreds, even thousands, of lives have been put in danger, not to men-tion our own Nation’s national secu-rity interests. Next up is a tremendous leader, not only here in Congress, but in our mili-tary. He is a general who has done an outstanding job. I don’t know that any-one understands the importance of the issue any more than my good friend. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). I am honored to have him here addressing this issue. Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE), my good friend. I thank him for bringing this issue to the attention of the Congress and for this Special Order. When I was growing up, Mr. Speaker, I believed that my government would do all it could to stop crime from hap-pening in the community I lived in, in-cluding drug use. b1945 I have always been, my whole life, an ardent opponent of drug use. I have never used drugs, but yet I have seen the ravages and the devastation in the community I live in of this. You just knew in your heart that your govern-ment—the police, so on and so forth— were stopping those kind of things. Then years later, as I grew up and was privileged to serve in uniform, I ended up going to Iraq. I got a briefing on this new type of weapon that was being used in Iraq called an EFP, an explosively formed penetrator, for which we had very little defense. There were other kinds of IEDs, whether they were used with a cell phone or a pres-sure plate or whatever, but these things were particularly grave because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.075 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10337 December 20, 2017 
we didn’t have anything to stop them. We all knew, from the briefing, that they were coming from Iran. And, of course, we thought, wearing the uniform, that our government would do everything it could to protect the servicemembers who were in harm’s way and to protect our national security. That includes making sure that we got to the bottom of these EFPs, where they were coming from, and prosecuting and persecuting those who were providing them. So imagine my surprise and my dis-may just a few short days ago reading an article from a publication here in Washington, D.C., that outlined how our government, essentially, sanc-tioned not only the use of these EFPs from Iran in Iraq and Afghanistan, but, essentially, allowed for them to be paid for and enabled the paying for them. There was this operation ongoing called Operation Cassandra to root out drugs coming into the United States being supplied by Hezbollah, a client of Iran. While this was ongoing, this nu-clear agreement concern came into being. It was, apparently, so important that all of the work that was done in Operation Cassandra to stop these drugs from coming into the United States, that had to stop because we didn’t want to irritate, we didn’t want to disrespect, we didn’t want to insult the Iranians when they were so close to getting a nuclear deal. So we said, well, all these people have been working on this for years— this Operation Cassandra—to identify these people from Iran who were using this operation of selling drugs, illicitly moving stolen cars, and laundering money to then sell drugs into the United States and Europe, but also to use that money that they got from selling the drugs and the used cars to make these EFPs, to send them to Iraq, to send them to Afghanistan to kill American soldiers. That all had to stop because, heaven forbid, we can’t offend Iran. We can’t offend Iran. Now, I will tell you this, Mr. Speak-er. Nuclear war is a grave issue and it is worth a lot. If we have to stop nu-clear war and give up some things to do that, I get it, I get it completely. There are no second chances with nuclear war. Once the bomb goes off, it is over. So if you have to give a little bit to get something on that, that is something even I could understand, even though I find some of it objectionable. Where I come into conflict is this, Mr. Speaker. There is no question, at this point, whether Iran will have a nu-clear weapon. There is no reason to be testing ballistic missiles except to de-liver a nuclear weapon. They are not delivering leaflets, Mr. Speaker. They are going to deliver a nuclear weapon with that, which is why they are test-ing it. There is no reason to have cen-trifuges. There is no reason to enrich to the level that Iran is except to cre-ate a nuclear weapon. We don’t need that to have a nuclear power plant, which is what Iran says it wants to do. And, of course, we all know, since the Ayatollah took over and took Amer-ican hostages back in the day that Iran is a known liar. That is what they do. They lie. They obfuscate. They just say one thing and do another. It is not a question of if they will have a nuclear weapon, Mr. Speaker; it is a question of when. So what we did here was we said, look, let’s not offend the Iranians. Even though they are killing Ameri-cans on the battlefield, and even though they are killing Americans in your hometown by selling drugs to them—and the two are working to-wards each other; they are selling drugs and using that money to buy the articles of war, the implements of war that are killing Americans—it is okay. We are going to allow that to happen as long as we delay Iran from having a nuclear weapon for 15 years. That is ex-actly what it looks like. Now, I didn’t do the investigative re-porting. It is, I think, 14,000 words, so it is pretty in-depth. But I will tell you this. It is being discredited out there. These are a couple of rogue employees who just disagreed with the policy. Mr. Speaker, the Drug Enforcement Agency agent on the case, who has over 20 years of government experience tracking the financing of terror net-works, said this of the leader of Hezbollah: 
I had no clue who he was, but this guy was sending money into Iraq to kill American soldiers. 
The point is he had 20 years on the job. This wasn’t some piker who just showed up on the job at Treasury and said: ‘‘Hey, track this money and see what you can find.’’ This is a guy who did this for a living for 20 years, and he ran into Hezbollah. He ran into Hezbollah, based on his investigation. And then they tracked him. They tracked the money. They tracked the drugs—not just a little bit, tons—tons of drugs coming into the United States, literally at a time when we have 60,000 Americans dying, annually, of drug overdose. That is more people than we lost in Vietnam, Mr. Speaker, in the whole time of Vietnam. A year, that is how many are dying in America based on drug overdose. These people tracked it. They tracked the weapons on the other side, and they were told to stand down. They went to get these guys. They had one in custody in Prague. He was arrested. The United States wanted him extra-dited and prosecuted. Do you know where he is right now, Mr. Speaker? He is back on the battle-field because we let him go. So not only did Iran get to sell drugs in the United States and kill American citizens in your hometown, but they used that money to then make EFPs to kill the soldiers from your hometown who went to defend America’s freedom. And, oh, by the way, in less than 15 years now, you can expect Iran to be a nuclear armed power. Mr. Speaker, if nothing else, if abso-lutely nothing else happens here from this, we need to have hearings on this in both the Foreign Affairs Committee and the Oversight and Government Re-form Committee to make sure that this never ever can happen again, that we don’t trade the safety of the lives of American servicemembers overseas and American citizens at home for a bad deal overseas of something that we are never really going to be able to rec-oncile with, which is a nuclear-armed Iran. We are going to have very few op-tions at stopping them, like we do with North Korea right now. That is where we are headed. We will not only have North Korea to deal with, but we will also have a nuclear-armed Iran. That circumstance can never happen again, which is why hearings are so critical, so that we get to the truth, so that we get to the bottom of this, so that there are no skeletons in the clos-et, Mr. Speaker, so we understand who did what for why, so we can rationalize was this worth it or was this just polit-ical expedience. We need to know that so that we learn from that, so that we never make those mistakes again. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H
ICE). I appreciate his interest in this topic, as I am, and bringing it to the floor. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman so much. I just think it is critically im-portant that in a Special Order such as this we have someone who has been there, on the front line, who knows ex-actly from the perspective of a soldier defending our country what has been taking place. I appreciate his expertise and his willingness to talk about it here this evening. Another colleague who is going to ad-dress the seriousness of the issue this evening is K
ENBUCKfrom Colorado, a good friend and another leader on this issue and many others like this. The American people deserve to know what happened. The dots are coming into play. The dots are being connected. We need to finish connecting those dots to find out what went on and let the American people know. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK). Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague, Representative Jody Hice, for the opportunity to speak this evening on such an important issue. We are here today to discuss the re-cent revelations that the Obama ad-ministration, in their pursuit of the Iran deal, blocked important efforts by U.S. law enforcement officials to fight the terrorist organization Hezbollah. The past administration’s treatment of Iran reveals an imprudent and neg-ligent approach to American foreign policy that must never be repeated. We see in their actions, at best, an incom-petence born of a lack of clarity and in-formation and, at worst, an adminis-tration determined to create a false foreign policy legacy so that America’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.077 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10338 December 20, 2017 
best interests were thrown to the way-side. In a recent report from Politico men-tioned by some of my colleagues al-ready, we have learned that the Obama administration allegedly blocked ef-forts by U.S. law enforcement officials to fight Hezbollah’s transnational drug and weapons trafficking operations. Hezbollah, Iran’s terrorist proxy or-ganization, has also become one of the world’s most powerful and dangerous criminal organizations, receiving over $1 billion every year from their illicit activities. We have learned that, through an expansive criminal traf-ficking network, they funnel cocaine throughout the Middle East, Europe, Africa, Latin America, and the United States. It has also come to light that Hezbollah launders millions of dollars through schemes involving used car purchases in the United States, and, ul-timately, the money earned through these activities can be used for violent terrorist activities aimed at spreading fear and pain throughout the world. Politico quoted the following from a confidential DEA report on Hezbollah’s criminal activities: Hezbollah ‘‘has le-veraged relationships with corrupt for-eign government officials and transnational criminal actors . . . cre-ating a network that can be utilized to move metric ton quantities of cocaine, launder drug proceeds on a global scale, and procure weapons and precur-sors for explosives.’’ It ‘‘has at its disposal one of the most capable networks of actors coa-lescing elements of transnational orga-nized crime with terrorism in the world.’’ The DEA’s acting deputy adminis-trator in 2016 stated that Hezbollah’s criminal operations ‘‘provide a revenue and weapons stream for an inter-national terrorist organization respon-sible for devastating terror attacks around the world.’’ Certainly, an organization like that deserves America’s utmost scrutiny; and for years, the men and women of the Drug Enforcement Administra-tion’s Project Cassandra poured their lives into investigating Hezbollah’s criminal activities. These agents tracked financial transactions, cul-tivated sources, and trailed operatives. But, in several cases, when the DEA asked for prosecutions, arrests, or sanctions, President Obama’s Depart-ment of Justice delayed or denied their requests. The State Department also reportedly declined to demand the ex-tradition of important suspects who could have aided the investigation and spearheaded the downfall of this inter-national operation. Unfortunately, thanks to multiple sources involved in the matter now coming forward, we have learned that the Obama administration likely stalled the Hezbollah investigations and prosecutions in order to keep Iran happy and nuclear deal talks on the table. If the DEA rocked the boat by arresting and charging key members of Hezbollah’s drug and weapons traf-ficking operations, then Iran might walk away from the negotiating table. This thinking reveals a fundamental blindness to reality. Hezbollah is fund-ed by Iran. Hezbollah is Iran. While ne-gotiating with Iran, the former admin-istration turned a blind eye to Hezbollah’s extensive criminal activi-ties that were only worsening the drug crisis here in the United States and feeding weapons to terrorists in the Middle East region. American foreign policy can be prag-matic, but this was not pragmatism. This was foolishness. U.S. foreign pol-icymakers traded an end to Iran’s nu-clear program for the protection of Iran’s terrorist program. And even then, we can’t even trust Iran to abide by the agreement meant to end their nuclear program. So we are left with a bad deal. I have said it many times before. But now we know the deal is even worse than we suspected. Aside from just delivering pallets of cash to Iran, aside from just freeing billions in frozen assets, aside from just lifting important sanctions, we are also giving a transnational criminal organization and terrorist network free rein over the world. We are here today to affirm to the world that Iran and its affiliated ter-rorist organization, Hezbollah, are en-emies of the free world. We should never negotiate with ter-rorists. I urge President Trump and America’s law enforcement community to once again turn its attention to Hezbollah. This terrorist organization has spread its evil influence through-out the world, and we have a duty to fight it. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Georgia, for this op-portunity today, and I thank him for bringing this issue up and shining some light on this important subject. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative B
UCK in his leadership on this, as well. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say, not only to Mr. B
UCK, but to all of the par-ticipants in our discussion this evening, a big thank you for coming and being a part of this. As more information is beginning to come to light, I am convinced that we are just at the tip of the iceberg of gaining information as to what has taken place here that has jeopardized our national security. I believe it is in-cumbent upon Congress at this time to fulfill the obligation that we have to exercise oversight over the executive branch and follow through with a thor-ough investigation of the Obama ad-ministration’s refusal—absolute re-fusal—to follow through on the work that was done by the DEA. b2000 We had these terrorists in our grasp, Mr. Speaker, and we let them go. How could this happen? The American peo-ple deserve to know why, and we need to get to the bottom of this. That is why tonight we are calling for an investigation into all aspects of this Hezbollah scandal, regardless of where it leads us: to the very top of the Obama administration, the Secretary of State, the previous Department of Justice, wherever it may lead. We need to get to the bottom of this, and we are calling for an investigation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
ROBERT MUELLER SMEAR CAMPAIGN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. R
ASKIN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I am de-lighted to be organizing this special hour on behalf of the minority. We are going to be talking tonight about the growing smear campaign against Robert Mueller, the special counsel investigating contacts between Russians interfering in our Presi-dential election in 2016 and Americans. What we have seen over the last sev-eral weeks is a rising tide of criticism of Mr. Mueller in attempts to under-mine and sabotage the special counsel investigation. We are going to be talking about all the different components of this at-tack, and we are going to be asking the question: Why? Why suddenly is Mr. Mueller, who was once a hero to our friends across the aisle, a decorated Vietnam war vet-eran, former Director of the FBI, former U.S. Attorney for the Common-wealth of Massachusetts and the State of California, a celebrated law enforce-ment figure, and a registered Repub-lican—why suddenly has he come under withering attack by everyone from our colleagues across the aisle in the House, to Republicans in the Senate, to people in the White House, to FOX News? Why has the whole rightwing propaganda machine turned on Mr. Mueller in the special counsel inves-tigation suddenly? And what is it that we can do to try to prevent an assault on the special counsel in an effort to dismantle the special counsel inves-tigation? To begin tonight, I am going to call on a colleague from Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ), who is an extraordinary freshman class Member in the House of Representatives representing the peo-ple of Florida. She was the chief of po-lice in Orlando, Florida, before she came to Congress; so she has excep-tional law enforcement experience and a whole career in law enforcement. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS .) Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Maryland. I thank him for his leadership on this issue and shining a light on this very important issue tonight. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to speak about the promise of America: that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.078 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10339 December 20, 2017 
every person living in this country, a country that we say is the greatest country in the world, where every per-son can have an opportunity, where every person can have a right to life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness, and the pursuit of justice. The promise of America, though, re-lies on the police officer who walks his beat, come rain or shine. Mr. Speaker, either we enforce our laws, or, if we do not, they are just words on a piece of paper. The promise of America is ful-filled every time a person receives a fair trial. For you see, without a fair- minded search for the truth, we have no society. Or, Mr. Speaker, put it an-other way, the truth will, indeed, set us free. The special counsel is a decorated veteran. You have heard my colleague say it, a registered Republican ap-pointed by a Republican President, President Bush. I have personally met Mr. Mueller. After serving 27 years in law enforcement, working very closely with the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, I know him to be a person of honor and integrity. Mr. Mueller has been praised for his integrity by every Republican leader. You see, he is, Mr. Speaker, a man searching for the truth, and the truth does matter. Without truth, life be-comes death, liberty becomes slavery, and the pursuit of happiness becomes impossible. If a President can shut down an in-vestigation into his activities and deny our right to the truth, then the prom-ise of the America that we love to cele-brate is broken. Over the past year, our institutions—law enforcement, the ju-diciary—have come under daily as-sault, so persistent, so relentless, that we, on occasion, have tuned it out or brushed it aside. But these assaults, Mr. Speaker, undermine what is essen-tial to our country and our society. If President Trump chooses to fire the special counsel or otherwise inter-fere with the legal and appropriate in-vestigation into himself and his staff, it would be a deliberate act to dis-mantle the fundamental institutions that preserve American democracy and liberty. Mr. Speaker, we cannot allow that, and I hope that my Republican col-leagues will remember why they came to Congress in the first place. You see, Mr. Speaker, as Members of Congress, we are truth seekers, and we know that the special counsel will go only where the evidence leads him. That is the man President Bush appointed, and that is the same person leading this in-vestigation at this very time. Mr. Speaker, we must let the special counsel finish his work. Failure to do so leaves us with only one question: What is the administration afraid of? Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. D
EMINGS for her passion and her leadership. I am delighted to learn today that she will be joining the House Judiciary Committee as a new colleague next week, and I am thrilled about that. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the congressman. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, Mrs. DEMINGS focused our attention on the rule of law and the startling disdain for the rule of law that is being shown in Washington right now, and the Presi-dent’s basic confusion about the proper role for the Department of Justice. One of my revered colleagues on the House Committee on the Judiciary from California (Mr. T
EDLIEU), who also serves on the Committee on For-eign Affairs, has had a front row seat to everything that has happened over the course of this year. He saw the Speaker of the House praise Mr. Mueller’s appointment; he saw Senator M
CCONNELL praise Mr. Mueller’s ap-pointment as special counsel; he saw Mr. Mueller’s nonpartisanship and pro-fessionalism being widely heralded by our colleagues on the Republican side; and now he is watching every day as they do everything in their power to destroy the reputation and the credi-bility of Mr. Mueller and his excellent team at the special counsel’s office. I have invited Mr. T
EDLIEUto come up and speak and tell us what he thinks is going on and what is behind this smear campaign. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman R
ASKIN  for organizing this terrific forum to-night. I am here to, first of all, commend Senator W
ARNER for going on the Sen-ate floor earlier today and drawing very bright lines for the President of the United States. If Donald Trump were to either get Robert Mueller fired or parting key witnesses, he will be violating those red lines. Now, everyone is entitled to their opinions, but not to your own facts. So I am going to run through three facts about the special counsel’s investiga-tion. The first is that it is being led by three people: Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who is overseeing the entire investigation; Special Counsel Robert Mueller; and FBI Director Christopher Wray. All three of them are Republicans. They were also ap-pointed by a Republican President. FBI Director Christopher Wray also happened to have given over $39,000 in political contributions exclusively to Republicans. So the notion that this investigation is somehow a Democratic investigation is false. It is a Repub-lican investigation investigating a Re-publican President. The second fact you should know is Donald Trump cannot actually fire Robert Mueller directly. He would have to fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein first because Mr. Rosen-stein came to the Judiciary Committee and testified under oath that there is no cause to fire Special Counsel Mueller. So for this to happen, Donald Trump would have to get Rod Rosenstein fired. He would have to fire him. Then he would have to find another person to put in that position who would fire Robert Mueller. So the next person to take Rod Rosenstein’s place would be Associate Attorney General Rachel Brand. And while she is conservative and while she also made over $37,000 of political contributions exclusively to Republicans, she is also known as a person of integrity. I believe she will not fire Robert Mueller. So Donald Trump would have to then fire her. He would then have to stick a third person in, find anyone to fire Robert Mueller. Well, that is exactly what Richard Nixon did in the Saturday Night Mas-sacre when he fired three Department of Justice officials because the first two would not fire their investigator against Richard Nixon. So if Donald Trump wants to follow in the footsteps of Richard Nixon, he is certainly wel-come to try, but it will not end well for him. And then the third fact that you should know is that no one has been able to attack the actual legal actions of Robert Mueller. There has been two guilty pleas: one of George Papadopoulos, a Trump campaign offi-cial on the foreign policy team; and the second is Michael Flynn, the former National Security Advisor to Donald Trump. No one disputes that those guilty pleas have a solid legal and factual basis. Two other people have also been indicted: Paul Manafort and Mr. Gates. As people know, Mr. Manafort was the campaign manager for Donald Trump for a period of time. No one disputes that those two indictments have a solid factual and legal basis. So nothing Robert Mueller has done can be attacked, and that is why they are now doing a smear campaign on his team because they are getting des-perate. And when I say ‘‘they,’’ I am talking about the White House as well as some of my colleagues in the House on the Republican side. I sat through a Judiciary Committee hearing that I thought was disgraceful, with Members on the other side of the aisle trying to smear not only FBI Di-rector Christopher Wray, but also Rod Rosenstein and Director Mueller. These are good people. They have integrity. And if they think that the Women’s March was large, wait till they see what happens if the President actually tries to take these unconstitutional and, what would really amount to, criminal actions because he would be obstructing justice. So, at the end of the day, it is very important for the American people to understand that no one is above the law. That was the central lesson of Wa-tergate, it is the central lesson of American history, and I urge the Presi-dent to understand what happened in Watergate and to refrain from taking criminal and unconstitutional actions. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. T
EDLIEUfor his excellent presen-tation. I would ask one question, and I hope that the law professor in me isn’t showing too much, but I wanted to ask 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.081 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10340 December 20, 2017 
Mr. T EDLIEUabout one thing he said at the beginning. Mr. T
EDLIEUmade the point very well that Mr. Mueller is a distinguished law enforcement officer, who is also Republican, and he was appointed by a Republican. Mr. Rosenstein is another distinguished and well-respected law enforcement official, who himself had been appointed by Attorney General Sessions, who is a Republican. b2015 All of that is true. But then Mr. L
IEU said this is not a Democratic investiga-tion, which certainly it is not. It is a Republican investigation. But wouldn’t it be more appropriate to say it is a law enforcement inves-tigation? And if you want to be searching for some kind of partisan tilt, you are going to find that these are Repub-licans, not Democrats. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for let-ting me clarify that statement. It is a law enforcement investigation led by Republicans. Mr. RASKIN. It is a critical point be-cause, up until all of this started, basi-cally the President respected the inde-pendence of the Department of Justice and we didn’t go around searching in people’s garbage cans trying to find out whether their wife was a registered Democrat or whether they voted Re-publican. Rather, we assumed that prosecutors and FBI agents and police officers can have a partisan registra-tion and they can vote and participate as long as they do their jobs. Mr. L
IEU’s point here is they are doing their job. Nobody is making any complaint about any of the guilty pleas or any of the prosecutions. They are complaining about a bunch of irrele-vant stuff. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, that is absolutely right. I trust FBI Director Christopher Wray and Associate Attorney General Rachel Brand to do the right thing, even though they have made contributions to Republicans, because it is demean-ing and offensive to the FBI and De-partment of Justice prosecutors to say that somehow they can’t be fair just because they have a political opinion in exercising their rights under the First Amendment. Keep in mind that under our democ-racy, fundamental to it is the rule of law. To attack law enforcement and smear their credibility just because you don’t like where an investigation is heading is disgraceful. Mr. Speaker, let me conclude by quoting my favorite Press Secretary. Sarah Sanders previously said: When you are attacking FBI agents because you are under investigation, you are losing. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. L
IEUfor all of his excellent work and leadership both in the Judiciary Committee and the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ), another distinguished colleague on the House Judiciary Committee, who is also a member of my class, of sorts. He has been in Congress several different times and he makes a great contribu-tion for his people whenever he is here. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Maryland for organizing this special hour this evening and for leading the conversa-tion. Mr. Speaker, I share my colleagues’ concern about the unfounded attacks on the special counsel and the need to make sure that the investigation is al-lowed to proceed to its conclusion. But, Mr. Speaker, I join my col-leagues tonight in also raising grave concerns about the unwillingness of our present administration, including not only the President, but the Justice Department as well, to take seriously the threat of foreign interference in our elections. It is the unanimous assessment of our intelligence community that the Russian Government launched a fo-cused campaign, at the direction of Vladimir Putin, to interfere in our elections last year. Irrespective of President Trump’s re-fusal to accept this objective reality or his ongoing efforts to obfuscate the truth, the ongoing threat to the integ-rity of our elections is real and only likely to increase in 2018. As the Rus-sians sought to disrupt our elections last year, and as they have done so in elections around the world, we can be certain that they will be back next year. That is why we, as Congress and as a country, need to be urgently focused on how to prevent in future elections the kinds of foreign interference we saw in 2016. Mr. Speaker, the first primary elec-tions are barely 3 months away and Americans will collectively head to the polls in less than 11 months. The clock is, quite literally, ticking. Without a serious effort to address these varied and increasing threats, we as a nation remain vulnerable. Over the past month, I have had the opportunity to ask both the number one and number two official at the De-partment of Justice, as well as the Di-rector of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, about our efforts to secure our elections. Their answers have been far from satisfactory. In November, Attorney General Jeff Sessions came before the House Judici-ary Committee. Three weeks prior to that, in testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, he admitted to Senator S
ASSE that his Department had fallen short in addressing election security. I was, therefore, surprised when I asked Attorney General Sessions about the actions he had taken to secure our elections subsequent to his Senate hearing. He could not name any single specific step taken by the Justice De-partment. He admitted: ‘‘I have not followed through to see where we are on that.’’ And then he committed: ‘‘I will per-sonally take action to do so.’’ Nevertheless, when Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appeared be-fore the committee a month later, he could not demonstrate that the Depart-ment had even formally reviewed the matter. It is clear to me that the administra-tion is not handling this threat with the seriousness it deserves. Last month I led a letter with 15 of my Judiciary colleagues to the Attor-ney General, calling on him to make good on his commitment to urgently brief Members of Congress on the De-partment’s efforts to secure our elec-tions from foreign meddling. The dead-line for this request has come and gone, and there is still not one—no commitment from the Department of Justice to work cooperatively with Congress on this critically important issue. This inaction is unacceptable. The clock is ticking until our next election, and we need to act and we need to act now. Our Nation needs—and the Amer-ican people are right to expect—this administration to urgently and aggres-sively take measures to protect our elections. Mr. Speaker, this is not a partisan issue. The very foundation of our de-mocracy depends on the integrity of our elections. I urge my colleagues to join us in our efforts to defend against foreign inter-ference and hold this administration accountable for doing all it can to pre-vent any interference in the future. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that excellent and indispensable discussion about what is really at stake here, which is democ-racy itself. If we can’t rely on the in-tegrity of our elections and the authen-ticity of the results, then democracy is in danger, in deep peril. I thank the gentleman for his leadership and for his outspokenness. Mr. Speaker, to recap, we are here in this Special Order hour to defend Rob-ert Mueller, because, in America, we live and die by the rule of law under de-mocracy. The rule of law is the revolu-tionary idea, the one that our forebears fought for in the 18th century, that the most powerful officials in the land will be governed just like everybody else: by constitutional and statutory bound-aries fixed in writing in the law in order to protect democracy and the rights of the people. Ever since he whipped up chants of ‘‘Lock her up’’ in the 2016 campaign, Donald Trump has displayed complete ignorance of the difference between a constitutional democracy and a banana republic, a complete ignorance of the role of judges and the Justice Depart-ment. The men and women who work at the Department of Justice for us, they in-habit a world of law, facts, and evi-dence. They cannot be forced to exe-cute the President’s personal vendettas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.082 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10341 December 20, 2017 
or prosecute his enemies, real or imag-ined, or provide support for his propa-ganda and delusional alternative facts. President Trump has been on a colli-sion course with the rule of law for a long time. Remember during the cam-paign, Mr. Speaker, when he attacked Judge Curiel for being Mexican Amer-ican, implying that his ethnic identity somehow disqualified him from being a competent judge with integrity. In February, he trashed Federal judges hearing arguments about his Muslim ban order. He has questioned the separation of powers, which he says is somehow obsolete. He has railed con-tinuously against the free press and the media, which he describes as the enemy of the people. He has continued, in direct violation of the Foreign Emoluments Clause in Article I, section 9, clause 8, to collect money from foreign governments at the Trump Hotel, at the Trump Tower, at the Trump golf courses without ob-taining congressional consent first, which is what the Constitution re-quires. The critical flash point for President Trump’s hostility to the rule of law re-cently has been his stubborn and baf-fling refusal to accept the reality of the Russian campaign to interfere in our election last year, and then his seemingly determination to undermine the investigation into what actually happened. Most Americans have regarded this campaign of cyber espionage and cyber sabotage of our election as a frightful danger to democratic sovereignty in our country and a reason to dramati-cally improve election security across the land, as Congressman S
CHNEIDER  just argued; but Donald Trump keeps denying that the autocrat Vladimir Putin, the former director of the KGB, did anything wrong in our election. He tried to convince then-FBI Direc-tor James Comey to drop his investiga-tion into Trump’s National Security Advisor Michael Flynn and to swear a personal loyalty oath to the President. When Comey refused these orders, when he refused this entreaty to change the course of the criminal in-vestigation, when he refused to over-ride his oath to the Constitution of the United States by swearing a personal oath to the President, something that we had never heard of before, Trump fired him. This was about as naked a case of obstruction of justice as you can imagine. Now we hear from President Trump’s personal lawyer that the President cannot be guilty of obstruction of jus-tice. They say, by definition, the Presi-dent cannot be guilty of obstruction of justice because the President is the chief law enforcement officer in the land. This is analogous to the old monar-chical dogma that the king can do no wrong, the king cannot commit a crime, the king is above the law; if the king does it, it can’t be illegal. Well, our friends seem to have forgot-ten this is the United States of Amer-ica. We have got a Constitution here. We have got a Bill of Rights here. We have no kings here. We have no queens here. We have no royalty. We have just we the people, a government of laws, not of men. We have got a Bill of Rights and popular government. Our friends across the aisle once un-derstood that nobody was above the law. They brought impeachment charges against President Bill Clin-ton—two charges. One of the charges was obstruction of justice. They moved to impeach President Clinton for ob-structing justice, which is now an of-fense that our friends say a President can’t even be guilty of. They brought a case against President Clinton, Clinton v. Jones, which established that a President can even be sued while he is in office and can be deposed and so on. They understood that at one point. They understand, when a Democrat is President, that nobody’s above the law. But now, suddenly, Mr. Speaker, this President is above the law and he gets to determine the course of criminal in-vestigations in the United States of America. That is not constitutional democ-racy. That is a banana republic, when the President dictates to law enforce-ment, dictates to prosecutors what they are going to do, who they are going to investigate, and who will be prosecuted. So now the race is on, Mr. Speaker, to smear the FBI. The race is on to smear Mr. Mueller, the very man who was praised by Senator MCCONNELL , who was praised by Speaker R
YAN, who was described by all of our colleagues as beyond reproach, unimpeachable, the former Director of the FBI, former U.S. Attorney for Massachusetts and California, a decorated veteran of the Vietnam war. Now, suddenly, they cry havoc. They set loose the dogs of war on Mr. Mueller. Why? Because he is doing his job. Because we have two guilty pleas: one by the President’s former National Security Advisor, Mr. Flynn; and one by Mr. Papadopoulos for lying to government agents. We have got 12-count indictments that have been handed down against Mr. Manafort and Mr. Gates, and they are afraid that investigation might be closing in on the very highest levels of government. So what do they do? They attack the prosecution. That is what we have been seeing in Washington over the last couple of weeks, a truly extraordinary display of contempt for the rule of law, for the Justice Department, and honest pros-ecution and law enforcement in the United States of America. Now, the first effort revolved around an FBI agent who Robert Mueller re-moved from the investigation in the summertime. He removed him because there were text messages revealed in which he was trashing a lot of political figures, not just President Trump. He was trashing BERNIE SANDERS , who he called an idiot. He also called Presi-dent Trump an idiot. b2030 He had unkind words for Eric Holder, and he had very harsh words for my friend and the former Governor of Maryland, Martin O’Malley. He was an equal opportunity insulter. But our friends, seeing the progress of the Trump-Russia investigation of this special counsel’s work, now sud-denly decided: We found a villain. We have got our villain. His name is Peter Strzok, and he wrote all these texts, so let’s go back to a guy who was removed from the investigation in the summer-time. Let’s leak all these texts out in the most mysterious and suspicious way, because this was the middle of an inspector general investigation, and they leaked out thousands of texts. When I asked Mr. Rosenstein about it, he said it had been approved by the inspector general. But the inspector general released a statement the next day which professed that they had not been contacted about it, so there is a whole mystery there. But, clearly, somebody wanted to get these texts out there. They wanted to create a thick fog of propaganda and confusion. And all that we heard from our colleagues was: Did you see what he said in this text to his friend? Did you see what he said in this text to his friend? Nobody claimed that the guilty pleas by Flynn or Papadopoulos were legally flawed in any way. They didn’t say there were any legal problems with anything that the special counsel had done—no illegal searches, no illegal seizures. They didn’t say anything was wrong with the indictment. But they find some text messages by a guy who was removed from the inves-tigation, and then this becomes the big propaganda smoke screen, this guy who insulted, to my count, a lot more Democrats than he insulted Repub-licans. Regardless, he showed unprofessionalism. He was removed quickly by Mr. Mueller—unlike, for example, what President Trump did when he learned that General Flynn, his National Secu-rity Advisor, was a serial liar, was lying to Federal agents, was lying to Federal officers, was lying to the Cabi-net about his dealings with Russia and foreign governments. It took President Trump 18 days be-fore he removed him from office in the most begrudging way, and then, even then, after learning that he had been lying about his contacts with foreign agents, he tried to get Mr. Comey, the then-FBI Director, to cancel out the investigation of Michael Flynn, assert-ing that he is a good guy. Let it go. Let the whole thing go, he said. But, no, that is not what Mr. Mueller did, the special counsel. When he learned that there were these text mes-sages going out attacking various pub-lic figures, he said: We don’t need that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.084 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10342 December 20, 2017 
kind of stuff on this investigative team. And he got rid of them, end of story. Except this: It is an opportunity to create an irrelevant distraction from what is going on, to put up a big propa-ganda smoke screen. And that wouldn’t even be such a big deal in itself. Their arguments are transparently silly. We have colleagues who are saying this is a fruit of the poisonous tree, they intoned. It is all fruit of the poisonous tree. Except it has nothing to do with fruit of the poisonous tree. That is a Fourth Amendment document which says that, if there is an illegal search or seizure by the government, the government may not use that unlawfully obtained evidence against someone in court. At that point, the exclusionary rule oper-ates; the exclusionary rule is activated. We asked our colleagues, and I asked Mr. Rosenstein: Was there an illegal search? No. Was there an illegal seizure? No. There was no illegality. You had an agent who sent some text messages trashing a bunch of politicians in the middle of a Presidential campaign, which is what millions of people were doing. It was irresponsible. He got re-moved, end of story. That didn’t work so well. That was the first time that they were throwing spaghetti with tomato sauce on it all over the walls. They threw it up and it slipped off. Nobody bought it. So the next day, or a day later, they came back with another claim about asserting that the GSA had improperly released emails of the Trump Presi-dential transition team. Well, there are a few problems with that. One is everybody was told from the beginning that all of those are gov-ernment property. They were turned over by Trump’s GSA, voluntarily. And Mr. Mueller released a one-sentence statement saying that all of the infor-mation that we have received was ei-ther voluntarily given or was lawfully obtained, end of story. That didn’t work so well either. Threw some more spaghetti against the wall in this smear campaign, and it slides off. It leaves a tomato sauce stain all over the wall, but it doesn’t really stick. Now they are going after Mr. McCabe, the number two person at the FBI. And I haven’t been told exactly what their complaint is, but we are going to have a closed-door hearing about it tomorrow in the House Judici-ary Committee. From published re-ports, all I understand is that he has committed the great sin and crime of being married to a woman who is ac-tive in Democratic Party politics. Look, let’s get something straight here. This is the United States of America, and law enforcement officers have a right to be registered as a Dem-ocrat, as an Independent, as a Repub-lican, as a Green Party member, as a Libertarian. They can register however they want. And consistent with the Hatch Act, they can be involved in pol-itics and members of their family can be involved in politics. There is noth-ing wrong that. There is nothing wrong with the fact that Mr. Mueller, who is now the tar-get of all of their venom, is a registered Republican or that he got appointed by another Republican, Mr. Rosenstein, or that he got appointed by a Republican, Attorney General Sessions, or that he got appointed by a Republican, Presi-dent Trump; right? All those people are Republicans. They have a right to be Republicans, but they have got to do their public duty. The irony, of course, is that the Re-publicans are attacking Republicans in office for being partisan against Repub-licans. It is completely incoherent; it is fantastical; and it shows the despera-tion of this smear campaign. It just doesn’t make sense to anyone. So we will see if they are able to smear another good, qualified, com-petent law enforcement official, which is what they want to do with the num-ber two person at the FBI. And what is interesting is that the people who are attacking their fellow Republicans for somehow being par-tisan just for doing their jobs never have anything to say about what we know was the real political corruption and contamination of the FBI back in the days of J. Edgar Hoover, when he used the resources of the FBI to go after Martin Luther King, Jr., and the civil rights movement, or the days of COINTELPRO, where the FBI actively tried to disrupt the civil rights move-ment and the antiwar movement and so on. They don’t say anything about that. It would strengthen their argument, of course, that their fellow Republican partisans somehow might be capable of political bias, but they don’t even have the historical context to do that, and they don’t believe in it. The fact is that the FBI used to have a real problem with being a tool of po-litical prosecution, and it has gotten over that. It has gotten beyond it today, in 2017. Now, suddenly, all of their fire is trained on Mr. Mueller. It is trained on the special counsel: discredit and un-dermine him. And it wouldn’t be such a big deal if they were just exercising their First Amendment rights, which they have every right to do. If they were just exercising their rights under the Speech and Debate Clause, which they have every right to do, to use their place in this body in order to de-nounce the FBI, to attack Mr. Mueller, to try to discredit law enforcement, they have got the right to do it. But what everyone is afraid of now is that they are trying to set the stage for the removal of Robert Mueller. Now, that is no simple thing. The President can’t simply fire Mr. Mueller. He would have to get Mr. Rosenstein to do it. And he can’t be fired for any reason at all. He can only be fired for misconduct, for conflict of interest, or for some other good cause or incapacity. So there has got to be a reason why. And when we asked Mr. Rosenstein whether he saw any reason to remove Mr. Mueller now, he said, no, that he is totally satisfied with the conduct of the investigation. So what trumped-up alibi could they produce? What trumped-up justifica-tion could they find for the removal of Mr. Mueller? It would create a serious constitu-tional emergency and crisis in Amer-ica. And, of course, when we say a con-stitutional crisis, it is not the Con-stitution that is in crisis; it is us. They would be creating a political crisis that would require a resort to extraordinary constitutional mechanisms. This would be a clearly impeachable offense for the President to use his power in order to thwart a criminal in-vestigation that implicates the Presi-dent. That is the very definition of ob-struction of justice. It would just be an expansion and a refinement of what the President was doing when he fired Mr. Comey way back in the beginning of the administration for refusing to lay off Michael Flynn and for refusing to swear a personal loyalty oath to the President of the United States instead of to the Constitution and the people of the country. So that is where we are. The people need to know. The people need to know what is going on, that there is an orga-nized campaign being orchestrated at the highest levels of government to dis-credit Mr. Mueller and the special counsel investigation—not for not doing their job, but for doing their job. That is why they are being attacked today. Mr. Speaker, I close with a thought just about the rule of law. The rule of law is the idea that even the people who occupy the highest of-fice in the land are subject to the Con-stitution, are subject to the laws of the people, because here the people govern. We have no kings here. That is what we rebelled against. Our Founders believed, with Madison, that the very definition of tyranny is the collapse of all powers into one, where someone says: I have got all the power; I am the boss. Our Founders said: No, we are going to divide powers up: Article I, we will vest the lawmaking power in the representatives of the peo-ple in the House and the Senate; Article II, we will create a President who will take care that the laws be faithfully executed; And then Article III, we will vest the judicial power in the Supreme Court and the Federal judiciary to sort out actual cases or controversies about what the law means. But notice what comes first there, Article I. The people’s representatives come first. The President works for us. The President works for a Congress, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.086 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10343 December 20, 2017 
which works for the people. The Presi-dent implements the laws that we pass here. The President is not above the law. The President is subject to the law, and the President has the honor of en-forcing the laws that we adopt. So let’s get that straight. No one is above the law. Anybody can be found guilty of obstructing justice if one thing can be shown: if they obstruct justice. And it looks like they are setting the stage for a further obstruction of jus-tice with this outrageous smear cam-paign being leveled this week against Robert Mueller, against Mr. Rosen-stein, against Mr. McCabe, and against the men and women of the FBI. That is what is taking place in Washington today. Mr. Speaker, the people need to know, and we in Congress have got to do our constitutional duty, too. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota). Remarks in de-bate in the House may not engage in personalities toward the President or Members of the Senate, whether origi-nating as the Member’s own words or being reiterated from another source. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 42 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2244 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. C
HENEY ) at 10 o’clock and 44 minutes p.m. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 10 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, December 21, 2017, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3461. A letter from the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting a letter report on Federal Gov-ernment energy management for FY 2015 providing information on energy consump-tion in Federal buildings, operations, and ve-hicles, with multiple reporting require-ments, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 15852(d); Public Law 109-58, Sec. 203(d); (119 Stat. 653); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3462. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s annual report entitled ‘‘United States Tobacco Product Exports That Do Not Conform to Tobacco Product Standards’’, pursuant to Sec. 801(p)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3463. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting a report covering the period from August 9, 2017, to November 8, 2017 on the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolu-tion, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1541 note; Public Law 102-1, Sec. 3 (as amended by Public Law 106-113, Sec. 1000(a)(7)); (113 Stat. 1501A-422) and 50 U.S.C. 1541 note; Public Law 107-243, Sec. 4(a); (116 Stat. 1501); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3464. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Belarus that was de-clared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3465. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting the CY 2016 report on the Employment of United States Citizens in Certain International Organiza-tions, pursuant to 22 U.S.C276c-4; Public Law 102-138, Sec. 181 (as amended by Public Law 114-323, Sec. 308); (130 Stat. 1923); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 3466. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3467. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting a certifi-cation, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 17-018; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3468. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting a report on the status of U.S. citizens detained in Iran and the Department’s efforts to secure their release, pursuant to Public Law 115-44, Sec. 110; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3469. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting a detailed report justifying the reasons for the extension of locality-based com-parability payments to non-General Sched-ule categories of positions that are in more than one executive agency, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 5304(h)(2)(C); Public Law 89-554, Sec. 5304(h) (as added by Public Law 102-378, Sec. 2(26)(E)(ii)); (106 Stat. 1349); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3470. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Agency Financial Report for FY 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3471. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting two notifica-tions of a designation of acting officer and discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3472. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notifica-tion of a vacancy and designation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3473. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Congressional and Intergovern-mental Relations, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s Fiscal Year 2017 Annual Finan-cial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3474. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Congressional and Intergovern-mental Relations, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s Fiscal Year 2017 Federal Hous-ing Administration Mutual Mortgage Insur-ance Fund Report, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 1708(a)(4); June 27, 1934, ch. 847, title II, Sec. 202(a)(4) (as amended by Public Law 110-289, Sec. 2118(a)); (122 Stat. 2810); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3475. A letter from the Acting Chairman, Federal Maritime Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Office of the Inspector General’s Semiannual Report to Congress for the period April 1, 2017, through September 30, 2017; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3476. A letter from the Deputy Liaison, In-stitute for Education Science, Department of Education, transmitting a notification of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 3477. A letter from the Chairman, National Endowment for the Arts, transmitting the Endowment’s Semiannual Report to the Con-gress of the Inspector General and the Chair-man’s Semiannual Report on Final Action Resulting from Audit Reports, Inspection Reports, and Evaluation Reports for the pe-riod of April 1, 2017, through September 30, 2017, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 3478. A letter from the Treasurer, National Gallery of Art, transmitting the Gallery’s Inspector General Act of 1978 report for FY 2017; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3479. A letter from the Labor Member and Management Member, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the Board’s Perform-ance and Accountability Report for Fiscal Year 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3480. A letter from the Acting Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, transmitting the Board’s Performance and Accountability Report for Fiscal Year 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3481. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting the Report of the Attorney General to the Congress of the United States on the Ad-ministration of the Foreign Agents Registra-tion Act for the six months ending June 30, 2017, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 621; June 8, 1938, ch. 327, Sec. 11 (as amended by Public Law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20DE7.087 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10344 December 20, 2017 
104-65, Sec. 19); (109 Stat. 704); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 3482. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — IFR Altitudes; Miscella-neous Amendments [Docket No.: 31165; Amdt. No. 536] received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3483. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Hawthorne, NV [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0315; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AWP-4] re-ceived December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3484. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment to Class D and Class E Airspace; Pueblo, CO [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0666; Airspace Docket No.: 17- ANM-15] received December 14, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3485. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Alexander City, AL [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9549; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ASO- 5] received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3486. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Rosebud, SD [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-9545; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AGL-33] re-ceived December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3487. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31158; Amdt. No. 3768] received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3488. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31160; Amdt. No. 3770] received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3489. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31159; Amdt. No. 3769] received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3490. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31157; Amdt. No.: 3767] received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3491. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters Deutschland GmbH Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0933; Product Identifier 2017-SW-051-AD; Amend-ment 39-19106; AD 2017-24-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3492. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0478; Product Identifier 2016-NM-174-AD; Amendment 39-19087; AD 2017-22-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3493. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0690; Product Identifier 2017-NM-061-AD; Amendment 39-19107; AD 2017-24-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3494. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0526; Product Identifier 2017-NM-026-AD; Amendment 39-19109; AD 2017-24-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3495. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation Heli-copters [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0491; Product Identifier 2016-SW-020-AD; Amendment 39- 19031; AD 2017-19-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 3496. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0982; Product Identifier 2017-SW- 009-AD; Amendment 39-19102; AD 2017-23-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 3497. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Boothville, LA [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0649; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ASW-11] received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3498. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-1095; Product Identifier 2012-NM-215-AD; Amendment 39-19108; AD 2017-24-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3499. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0338; Product Identifier 2016- NM-153-AD; Amendment 39-19103; AD 2017-23- 09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3500. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0499; Product Identifier 2016-NM-205-AD; Amendment 39-19090; AD 2017-22-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Decem-ber 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 3501. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; ATR — GIE Avions de Transport Re-gional Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1027; Product Identifier 2017-NM-092-AD; Amend-ment 39-19105; AD 2017-24-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 668. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018 (Rept. 115–476). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. OLSON (for himself and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 4690. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 to require Members of Congress to reimburse the Treas-ury for amounts paid as awards and settle-ments under such Act in connection with violations of such Act consisting of acts of sexual harassment or sexual assault com-mitted personally by Members of Congress; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L20DE7.000 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10345 December 20, 2017 
to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself and Mr. C
RIST): H.R. 4691. A bill to amend the Animal Wel-fare Act to prohibit the issuance of licenses to certain individuals connected to dealers of dogs who have had licenses revoked, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture. By Mr. JONES: H.R. 4692. A bill to revise the boundaries of a John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System Unit in Topsail, North Carolina; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself and Mr. C
RIST): H.R. 4693. A bill to amend the Animal Wel-fare Act to provide for the humane treat-ment of dogs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. W
ITT-
MAN, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-vania, Ms. N
ORTON , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. M ENG, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. H
OYER , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Mr. L YNCH ): H.R. 4694. A bill to provide for the com-pensation of Federal employees furloughed during a Government shutdown; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. SCHRADER (for himself, Mr. R
EED, Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. B
ERA, Mr. T ROTT , Mrs. M URPHY  of Florida, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. D
ENT, Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. C URBELO  of Florida, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. S OTO, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. F ASO, Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 4695. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to provide for stabilization in the individual health in-surance market, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 4696. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to promote hydropower develop-ment at existing nonpowered dams, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. CHENEY: H.R. 4697. A bill to amend the Wyoming Wilderness Act of 1984 to clarify authorized recreational uses in the Palisades, High Lakes, and Shoal Creek Wilderness Study Areas; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. JEFFRIES: H.R. 4698. A bill to protect the safety of judges by extending the authority of the Ju-dicial Conference to redact sensitive infor-mation contained in their financial disclo-sure reports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C RIST, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S WALWELL  of California, Ms. T
ITUS, Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , and Ms. N ORTON ): H.R. 4699. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to authorize the use of title III funds for the establishment LGBTQ resource centers; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. R EED, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, and Mr. H
ULTGREN ): H.R. 4700. A bill to establish the IMPACT for Energy Foundation; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-vania, Mrs. D
INGELL , and Mr. P
ALAZZO ): H.R. 4701. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to eliminate the 3-day prior hospitalization requirement for Medi-care coverage of skilled nursing facility serv-ices in qualified skilled nursing facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida (for himself and Mr. S
MUCKER ): H.R. 4702. A bill to provide accountability and protect whistleblowers in the Depart-ment of Education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMUCKER (for himself and Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida): H.R. 4703. A bill to improve accountability of senior officials and other supervisory em-ployees of the Department of Labor; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself and Mr. W
ALBERG ): H.R. 4704. A bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to codify the emergency preparedness final rule for skilled nursing facilities and nursing facilities as conditions of participation under the Medi-care and Medicaid programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida): H.R. 4705. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 to require the automatic referral to the congressional ethics committees of the disposition of any allegation that an employing office of the House of Representatives or Senate violated part A of title II of such Act; to the Com-mittee on House Administration, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Rules, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. CROWLEY: H. Res. 669. A resolution electing a Member to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; which was consid-ered and agreed to. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 4690. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 4691. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. JONES: H.R. 4692. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 4693. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 4694. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 7 of section 9 of Article I of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 4695. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 4696. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1. Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. CHENEY: H.R. 4697. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. JEFFRIES: H.R. 4698. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper. . . By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 4699. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;—And 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L20DE7.100 H20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10346 December 20, 2017 
To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoring Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 4700. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RENACCI: H.R. 4701. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1. The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 4702. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. SMUCKER: H.R. 4703. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: H.R. 4704. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: H.R. 4705. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 5 of the United States Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 60: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , and Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 82: Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 109: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 110: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 173: Mr. L
EVIN and Mr. F ASO. H.R. 252: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 312: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 342: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 502: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 592: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 681: Mr. N
EWHOUSE and Mr. B URGESS . H.R. 719: Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. L ONG, Mr. C
OMER , and Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 754: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 816: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 820: Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. S MITH of Mis- souri, Mr. Y
ODER , and Mr. B UDD. H.R. 850: Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. B ARR, Mr. L AB-
RADOR , and Mr. R OTHFUS . H.R. 874: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 913: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 930: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 1042: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 1205: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 1241: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1299: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1457: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1494: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. D IAZ-BALART . H.R. 1569: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1606: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 1783: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 1847: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. M EAD-
OWS, and Mr. D IAZ-BALART . H.R. 1928: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 1959: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 2234: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 2345: Mrs. L
OVE and Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN . H.R. 2472: Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 2475: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 2687: Mr. R
USH, Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 2711: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2723: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. S ANFORD , and Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 2790: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 2832: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. P
ERRY , and Mrs. B LACK . H.R. 2851: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 2902: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. B
OST. H.R. 2925: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 2996: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 3032: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 3034: Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C
LAY, Mr. H URD, Mr. D ENHAM , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. V ELA, and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3148: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 3205: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 3378: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 3409: Mr. S
TIVERS and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 3495: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 3513: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3542: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 3773: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 3798: Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 3920: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3931: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 3942: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 3981: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, and Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 4012: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 4022: Mr. S
TEWART and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 4049: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4058: Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 4083: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 4099: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 4124: Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. J EFFRIES , and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 4131: Mr. P
ALMER . H.R. 4143: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. S
UOZZI , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 4146: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 4152: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4202: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4222: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4242: Mr. S
TEWART and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 4256: Mr. P
AULSEN and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4274: Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. G RAVES of Geor- gia, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. MARCHANT , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. C OMER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. L
ONG, and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 4345: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M
OORE , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. C ARSON of Indi- ana, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, Ms. P
INGREE , and Ms. B ORDALLO . H.R. 4369: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 4392: Mr. T
IPTON , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 4413: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 4437: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4444: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 4446: Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4453: Mrs. H
ARTZLER and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 4485: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 4494: Mr. R
OSS, Mr. G IANFORTE , Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 4513: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 4541: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. C ARBAJAL , and Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 4545: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 4546: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 4547: Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 4565: Mr. J
ONES and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 4578: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 4610: Mr. M
ESSER and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 4617: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 4633: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 4656: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. H
UFFMAN , and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 4663: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 4683: Mr. L
ANCE . H.J. Res. 6: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H. Con. Res. 60: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H. Res. 188: Mr. B
ARR. H. Res. 211: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H. Res. 269: Mr. D
ELANEY . H. Res. 279: Mrs. W
ALORSKI and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H. Res. 428: Mr. D
ELANEY . H. Res. 637: Mr. M
ESSER . H. Res. 648: Mr. B
UCSHON . H. Res. 661: Mrs. W
AGNER . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARRIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressinoal earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMRS. BLACK  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on the Budget in H.R. 4667, Further Additional Supplemental Appropria-tions for Diaster Relief Requirements, 2017, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. FRELINGHUYSEN  H.R. 4667, making further supplemental ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes, does not contain any con-gressional earmark, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:17 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE7.036 H20DEPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8153 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 2017 No. 208 
Senate 
The Senate met at 11 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, in this season of glad-ness and cheer when many celebrate Your breakthrough at Bethlehem, we pause to thank You for Your mercy and grace. While we were sinners, You ini-tiated the process of our redemption and restoration. Great is Your faithful-ness. Lord, make our lawmakers ambas-sadors of reconciliation for Your King-dom, using them to demonstrate Your precepts and represent Your purposes. As they strive to bring the illumina-tion of Your wisdom to a dark world, may people see their labors and glorify Your Holy Name. Because of our Sen-ators’ faithful service, may our Nation experience the unity of Your healing presence. Lord, let there be peace on Earth, and let it begin with us. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TAX REFORM BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, last night, the United States accomplished something really remarkable. After years of work, dozens of hearings, and an open process, we passed a historic overhaul of the Nation’s Tax Code. It will deliver real relief to families and small businesses all across our coun-try. We passed tax reform to spur the American economy, to encourage job creation and grow economic oppor-tunity, to bring jobs and investment home, and to put more money into the pockets of hard-working men and women whom we represent. We voted to repeal ObamaCare’s individual man-date tax so that low- and middle-in-come families are not forced to pur-chase something they either don’t want or can’t afford. We voted to re-sponsibly develop more of Alaska’s oil and gas potential, strengthening our economy and our national security in the process. I would like to commend my col-leagues in the Senate for their work to pass these historic reforms and bring our Tax Code into the 21st century. I want to extend special thanks to Senate Finance Committee Chairman ORRIN HATCH , a skilled legislator whose expertise was essential to shepherding this legislation through a challenging process while faced with complete and total obstruction. I thank Chairman M
IKEENZIfor his assistance and Chairman L
ISAMUR-
KOWSKI and Senator D ANSULLIVAN , who worked tirelessly to bring the peo-ple of Alaska a victory on energy ex-ploration for which they have been waiting for almost 40 years. I am grateful to the other Senate conferees—Senators C
ORNYN , T HUNE , P
ORTMAN , S COTT, and T OOMEY —who worked day and night to get this legis-lation across the finish line. And of course, in addition to Senator H
ATCH , his colleagues on the Senate Fi-nance Committee deserve our gratitude as well: Senators B
URR, C ASSIDY , C
RAPO , G RASSLEY , H ELLER , ISAKSON , and R
OBERTS . This could not have hap-pened without all of them. Of course, a great deal of credit goes to President Trump, Vice President PENCE , and their dedicated White House team. Their efforts were abso-lutely essential to this process, and we are proud to have worked together to deliver on a key part of the President’s agenda. It goes without saying that tax re-form would have been impossible with-out Speaker R
YAN, Chairman B RADY , and the Members of the House who share our commitment to make taxes lower, simpler, and fairer. I am proud to call them my colleagues. When the final version of this his-toric law passes the House later today, it will await the President’s signature. Then, families and small businesses— like so many in my home State of Ken-tucky—can begin to enjoy the benefits. Our constituents called out for relief from the Obama economy, and Con-gress delivered. 
f 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on a different matter, the Senate’s work this week is not finished. Before Fri-day, Congress must agree on funding to sustain the necessary operations of the Federal Government. I know that all our colleagues on both sides of the aisle want to keep the government funded and attend to a number of other urgent priorities. I am confident we can work together to do just that. Americans are counting on us, after all. To begin with, our men and women in uniform are counting on us to provide the resources they require to fulfill their missions and keep the country safe. The burden of the Budget Control Act has fallen disproportionately on our All-Volunteer military. Under that law, defense cuts have outpaced non-defense cuts by $85 billion since fiscal 2013. At the same time, the previous administration insisted that new de-fense spending be matched equally by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE6.000 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8154 December 20, 2017 
new nondefense spending, notwith-standing the actual needs of our mili-tary. This week, let’s dispense with the ar-bitrary standard—as we did earlier this year—and provide our warfighters with the funding they need to accomplish the tasks put before them. Americans whose premiums are soar-ing or whose coverage is in jeopardy because of the failures of ObamaCare are counting on us to take bipartisan steps toward stabilizing health insur-ance markets. The parents of 9 million children en-rolled in the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program are counting on us to renew the program’s funding. Our country’s law enforcement pro-fessionals are counting on us to renew an important foreign intelligence pro-gram that helps them defend the home-land from those who wish us harm. Veterans are counting on us to renew the popular Veterans Choice Program and preserve their flexibility to access care outside of the VA system. Just as we have done in the past, we need to pass a routine pay-go waiver to avoid a draconian sequester that none of my colleagues want to see take ef-fect. Americans are counting on us not to inflict harmful cuts on Medicare and other essential operations. I look forward to working together in the coming days to fund our govern-ment in a manner that does right by the American people. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The majority leader. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THREATS TO FREE-DOM OF THE PRESS AND EX-PRESSION AROUND THE WORLD Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 277, S. Res. 150. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 150) recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expres-sion around the world and reaffirming free-dom of the press as a priority in efforts of the United States Government to promote democracy and good governance. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 150) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of May 3, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CREW OF THE ‘‘SAN ANTONIO ROSE’’, B–17F, WHO SACRIFICED THEIR LIVES DURING WORLD WAR II Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 326 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 326) recognizing the crew of the San Antonio Rose, B–17F, who sacrificed their lives during World War II, and honoring their memory during the week of the 75th anniversary of that tragic event. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 326) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of November 9, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL ERNIE PYLE DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 345. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 345) designating Au-gust 3, 2018, as ‘‘National Ernie Pyle Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 345) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of November 30, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF THE ‘‘LOS ANGELES’’-CLASS AT-TACK SUBMARINE THE USS ‘‘JACKSONVILLE’’ AND THE CREW OF THE USS ‘‘JACKSON-VILLE’’ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 362, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 362) recognizing the service of the Los Angeles-class attack sub-marine the USS Jacksonville and the crew of the USS Jacksonville, who served the United States with valor and bravery. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 362) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX BILL Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, last night the Senate passed an awful, par-tisan rewrite of the Tax Code. I said a good deal about the bill over the course of the debate and added my concluding thoughts into the R
ECORD before the final vote, but let me just reiterate one point. The Republican tax bill will ce-ment the Republican Party as the party of the wealthy and the party of the big corporations against the middle class and the working people of this country. Corporations get permanent tax breaks. The individual tax breaks ex-pire. By 2027, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation, 83 percent of the middle class—that is almost 145 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.002 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8155 December 20, 2017 
million American families—will either get a tax increase or a tax cut of less than $100. Meanwhile, according to the Tax Pol-icy Center, the top 1 percent of earners in our country will reap 83 percent of the benefits of the tax plan. Let’s go over that again. The middle class, 83 percent, either get a tax in-crease or a tax break of less than $100. The top 1 percent, the wealthiest, get 83 percent of the benefits. Middle-class America is asking something: Why does the top get far more than I do? Why do I get a tax increase when so many of them get a huge decrease? To boot, millions of middle-class Ameri-cans will now go without health insur-ance and millions more will see their premiums rise. At the same time, mul-tinational corporations and wealthy hedge fund managers enjoy a massive tax break. To repeat, the legacy of this bill will be to cement the Republican Party as the party of the rich and pow-erful against the middle class. We Democrats have been saying this for years, but our Republican col-leagues with this tax bill have done us a major favor. Even their Republican supporters are realizing where the Sen-ate Republicans and House Republicans are—on the side of the most wealthy, on the side of the big powerful corpora-tions, not on the side of the middle class. Whenever we have had a Republican President and Republican Congress, we get the same thing—a program of tax cuts for the rich, higher deficit and debt, and then threats to Social Secu-rity and Medicare. That is what hap-pened under President Bush, and we are seeing the exact same playbook today. There is nothing about this bill that is suited to the needs of the Amer-ican worker or the American economy. My Republican friends would propose it in a booming economy or recession, whether we have surpluses or deficits. No matter what, it seems to our Re-publican friends that tax cuts for the rich and big corporations are the an-swer to our problems. The benefits will trickle down like magic to the rest of us. Trickle down is the entire philosophy of this tax bill—trickle down. When they say they are helping the middle class, when they say they are creating jobs, it is because the wealthy get money and, in their belief, will create jobs. It hasn’t happened. It hasn’t hap-pened. Corporate America has more money than ever before. The stock market is higher than ever before, and job creation isn’t. That is where this bill is at. There is nothing about this bill that suits the needs of the American worker, as I said. Trickle down has been widely dis-credited as an economic theory. It has been discredited by recent history, and it will be discredited again. Our Republican colleagues are clinging. They are saying: This bill is so unpopular, but don’t worry, once the economy takes off, once people see hundreds of dollars in their pockets, they will change their mind. The economy is not going to take off. The wealthy will do better. There will be a lot of dividends. There will be a lot of stock buybacks, not too much job creation. AT&T is a big American com-pany and a fine American company. Their tax rate over the last 10 years was a mere 8 percent, and they cut 80,000 jobs. That one statistic belies all this trickle-down bunk that our Repub-lican colleagues still cling to even though it is outdated and disproved, and the American people will have their chance in 2018 to reject this phi-losophy and move our country in a dra-matically different direction—back to-ward government that works to lift up the middle class rather than one that gives more to those who already have so much. From now until then, we Democrats will focus like a laser on making things better for working Americans and the middle class. The contrast, particularly this tax bill, which so benefits the wealthy and pow-erful, could not be more clear. 
f 
FUNDING THE GOVERNMENT Mr. SCHUMER. Now to the end of the year, Mr. President, as a result of the Republican efforts to jam the tax bill through before the end of the year, we now have precious little time left to keep the government open and to solve a legion of problems. We still haven’t reached a budget deal to lift the spending caps equally for both defense and urgent domestic priorities such as combatting the opioid crisis, improving veterans’ healthcare, and building infrastruc-ture. We have not reached a deal to reau-thorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program, community health centers, or to extend the 702 FISA Court pro-gram. Two major sticking points remain in the form of the disaster supplemental, which still does not treat Puerto Rico, California, and the U.S. Virgin Islands as well as Florida, Texas, and Lou-isiana. Of course we have the Dreamers and a moral imperative to protect them. These are kids who were brought here very young through no fault of their own. Many of them know no other country but ours. They learn in our schools, work in our companies, serve in our military, and want to be Ameri-cans more than anything in the world. They are Americans in every single im-portant way but one; they lack the pa-perwork. We have to solve that prob-lem. We have been negotiating with our Republican counterparts for weeks in search of a deal to pair DACA protec-tions with reasonable border security. Democrats have always believed in bor-der security, as the comprehensive im-migration bill in the Senate showed. I hope now that the tax bill is behind them, my Republican colleagues are fi-nally willing to reach an agreement, but because of the particular impor-tance of all of these issues, especially Dreamers, we cannot do a short-term funding bill that picks and chooses what problems to solve and what not to solve. That will not be fair and will not pass. We have to do them all together instead of in a piecemeal fashion. Whether that global deal comes be-fore the week is out or a later date in January, it has to be a truly global deal. We can’t leave any of the issues behind. Our Republican colleagues on tax and healthcare decided not to work with us. In this case they have to work with us, and working with us means that we sit down around the table and decide there are some things you want, some things we want, and let’s com-promise and get it done—not just pick-ing and choosing what you want to get done and telling us to deal with it. That will not work this time. I can assure my friend the majority leader that my caucus will be working in good faith with his caucus as long as they choose to work with us, and we will work with our colleagues in the House as well to reach a deal as soon as possible. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX BILL Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, early this morning, the Senate voted on the tax bill. I voted against the measure, and as I have said many times, I don’t think this is a bill that is going to work for my State or for America. The House now has one more opportunity. I don’t think many people think they are going to change their vote, but I just hope, instead of cele-brating what happens today, they are going to step back and look at what this really means. I am in a group of people who have long called for tax reform. In fact, 2 weeks before this bill passed, we stood before the public and said we would like to work with the Republicans on a bill to bring the business rate down and to bring the money in from overseas but a bill that didn’t add this kind of weight to the debt and a bill that actu-ally was good for all Americans, not just some Americans. We also could have done so much more. We are adding $1.5 trillion to the debt. Yet we are doing nothing for in-frastructure. We didn’t change the car-ried interest loophole. We did nothing to fix so many things that even the President had identified as things that needed to be fixed in the Tax Code. I have been concerned by this latest effort, which has not been bipartisan at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.003 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8156 December 20, 2017 
all. It has resulted in a bill that will, as I said, add to the debt, create huge, new loopholes, and will encourage com-panies to move money around and move jobs overseas to avoid taxes. It will have huge, unintended con-sequences on the economy. Why? We didn’t even have a hearing over this bill, a bill that will affect every single American. Over the next 10 years—and this is not disputed—this bill will add $1.5 tril-lion to our national debt, and even the most generous estimate says it may add $500 billion in economic gain. If that is true, this bill would still be add-ing $1 trillion to the debt. By the way, it is not the wealthiest Americans who are going to have to worry about that debt; it is the kids of middle-class Americans, of people who go to work every single day. What do they go to work to do now? To have a big chunk of their money that is going to pay for the interest on this debt. Almost all economists agree that a deficit-fi-nanced tax cut at this point in the business cycle makes no sense at all. If anything, at this time of low unem-ployment and strong market perform-ance, it gives us a rare opportunity to try to, one, do something about our debt and, two, while we are doing something about our debt, figure out what our priorities are for investment. I would say one of those top priorities is infrastructure, including broadband, including rural broadband. That wasn’t in this bill. We accumulated $1.5 tril-lion in debt. Adding to the debt will, of course, put pressure on programs that every-day Americans rely on. This means So-cial Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. One of the most troubling develop-ments in this bill was the inclusion of a provision to repeal a key part of the Affordable Care Act that would kick 13 million people off their insurance by 2027 and increase premiums by 10 per-cent in the individual market, and that means less money in the pockets of American middle-class families. The American people want us to move for-ward together to make fixes to the Af-fordable Care Act like the Murray- Alexander bill, but instead this bill moves us backward with a partisan ap-proach that kicks people off their healthcare. This bill, in the end, is really a bait and switch. Millions of middle-class Americans will end up paying more in taxes in the long run since many of the tax cuts they receive, if they receive a tax cut at all, would only be tem-porary. In 10 years, most Americans earning $75,000 or less will pay more in taxes while people earning more than $100,000 a year will continue to pay less. According to the analysis by the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, 644,000 people in my State with incomes below $153,800 would see a tax hike in 2027. Meanwhile, a huge major-ity of the tax cuts in 2027 and after will benefit only the top 1 percent of Ameri-cans. The bill creates a new and com-plicated system of taxing the income of companies, especially with regard to their international income. The prac-tical effect of this systemic change is entirely untested. While the bill seeks to impose a minimum tax on overseas earnings, it allows companies to blend the tax rate for income overseas. This seemingly minor detail opens a big loophole that can give companies in-centives to move jobs to foreign coun-tries and may create a whole new tax avoidance scheme. While I heard cele-bration in this Chamber last night, I can tell you who are really cele-brating—the tax accountants, the law-yers, as people are going to pay them millions and millions of dollars to look for new loopholes in a scheme that, again, didn’t even get a hearing. I sup-port bringing down the rate on foreign earnings held overseas and to make sure the money, though, is invested here and invested in infrastructure. Bob Pozen, the former chairman of the oldest mutual fund company in the United States, has said the new system in this bill, which includes a new min-imum U.S. ‘‘tax is like Swiss cheese. It has so many holes that it would rarely be paid by U.S. firms.’’ He goes on to say that, in fact, this proposal would encourage U.S. companies to ‘‘relocate to foreign countries more of their U.S. factories and U.S. intellectual property such as patents and trademarks. A minimum tax would be effective only if it applied to the foreign taxes paid by U.S. multinationals on a country by country basis, rather than on an aggre-gate basis across all foreign countries.’’ Again, we haven’t had one hearing to understand the impact of this bill. This bill would allow a one-time op-portunity to bring back some of the trillions of dollars of earnings overseas. Again, I have long supported this, but I would also like to see at least part of this money be used on infrastructure. That was our original plan. Our origi-nal plan was that we were going to cre-ate incentives to bring the money in from overseas—a bipartisan plan—and then put a chunk of it, if the money was voluntarily brought back, into in-frastructure. Why? Well, the American Society of Civil Engineers’ 2017 report card gave our Nation’s infrastructure an overall D-plus grade. There is an economic im-perative to fixing our infrastructure. The future of our markets is exporting to the 90 percent of those who live out-side of our shores. Yet this bill, with the accumulation of $1.5 trillion in debt, doesn’t put the money into the infrastructure that will allow us to have that kind of an export economy. True comprehensive tax reform re-quires closing loopholes, yet this bill does almost nothing to close the worst loopholes in our current Tax Code. The carried interest loophole, which Presi-dent Trump promised over and over again that he would close, is still there. The loopholes that benefit big oil are still there. The Buffet rule that would make sure the wealthiest Ameri-cans pay the same tax as their employ-ees is nowhere to be found. I have al-ready mentioned the new opportunities for tax avoidance created by the new system of international taxation. That is just one of them. This bill contains vast new loopholes for hedge fund managers, real estate investment companies, and anyone who can take a few minutes to reorganize as a passthrough business to take ad-vantage of a lower rate, if they have the money to pay for a lawyer or pay for an accountant to do it. By taxing wage and salary income at a higher rate than so-called passthrough in-come, this bill creates opportunities for tax avoidance that are virtually un-precedented. Given the speed with which this bill was rushed through, enterprising attor-neys and accountants are going to find dozens of new loopholes in the coming years. If done right, we could have closed loopholes. We could have brought back money U.S. companies are holding overseas to fund infrastruc-ture projects here at home. We could have given local businesses the ability to compete against out-of- State internet retailers, support our rural communities, and provide incen-tives to keep jobs in America. I have always wanted to bring the corporate tax rate down—I have so many successful businesses in my State—but not like this, not with add-ing $1.5 trillion in debt that is going to be put on the people whom I represent in my State, who just go to work every day. They don’t have holdings over-seas. They don’t have a hedge fund manager. They don’t have people who are investing money in all kinds of ventures all over the world. They just go to work and get an hourly wage or maybe they get a salary, and they just get enough money so that they hope they can have a house and send their kids to college. This bill doesn’t make it easier on them. It does not simplify the Tax Code. If anything, it makes it more com-plicated. It does not close loopholes. It is a huge missed opportunity. A few weeks ago, I joined 17 of my Democratic colleagues in calling on our Republican colleagues to join us in a bipartisan approach to tax reform. Unfortunately, the bill that we voted on early this morning—and the bill that the House still has an opportunity to look at once more—involved nego-tiations only on one side of the aisle. When that happens, bad things happen. We can do better. I will continue to work across the aisle on bipartisan so-lutions. We have to make changes to this bill going forward. We know that, and the American people will depend on it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.004 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8157 December 20, 2017 
Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I rise this afternoon to talk about the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program and, particularly, the reauthorization of that program. By reauthorization I mean taking action to continue a pro-gram that is not just worthy but bat-tle-tested now for almost a quarter of a century nationally, at least 20 years. In States like Pennsylvania, it is more than 20 years, more like 25. The unfortunate reality, though, is this isn’t done. This program should have been reauthorized at the end of September, and it is not done yet. It has gone from unacceptable to inexcus-able. We should not leave this week without either having it reauthorized or having a game plan that would guar-antee it will be reauthorized in the very early days of 2018, literally, the early days of January. In just the last 2 weeks, I met with families across Pennsylvania and even families that came from beyond Penn-sylvania here to Washington to talk about what the Children’s Health In-surance Program means to them. CHIP provides health insurance to some 9 million American children each year, including over 342,000 children in Pennsylvania, if you look at it over the course of the year. As you might recall, when the CHIP program expired on September 30, there were a lot of indi-cations or promises made that it would be reauthorized rather soon, but that was 81 days ago. Whether you want to express it in days or months—81 days or 2
1⁄2months or more now—that is in-excusable. We have to get this done for these families. I just saw a report this morning on ‘‘NBC News’’ that profiled a family. They were talking in this case to the mom and talking to her children, and it was a very moving story about the importance of the Children’s Health In-surance Program and what would hap-pen to that family if the program were not reauthorized. This is a bipartisan program. It was bipartisan in its inception in the mid- 1990s, and it has remained bipartisan. Now there is only one party that runs the House, the Senate, and the admin-istration, and I hope that this one party—in this case, the Republican Party—can get the votes. You don’t even have to talk about votes. It is really talking about floor time and really making sure there is an agree-ment on a pay-for. The most recent action by the Fi-nance Committee on CHIP was in the Keep Kids’ Insurance Dependable and Secure Act, known by the acronym KIDS. The KIDS Act came through the Finance Committee by a voice vote. That almost never happens, even on re-authorization. There was a voice vote on October 4. It seems like a long time ago now. It is ready to go. If it came onto the Senate floor, we can pass it here. I have to ask: Why isn’t that hap-pening? Maybe the better person to ask that question would be a family who is ben-efiting and who could be harmed if it is not reauthorized. I am thinking about Connie, a woman I met here in Wash-ington just last week. Then, I saw her again on Monday in Pittsburgh at Chil-dren’s Hospital of Pittsburgh. That is one of those great institutions for chil-dren across our country. She was there with two of her children. Carmen and Diego are both on the CHIP program. CHIP provides good health insurance so that they can get the healthcare they need. I had a picture with Connie’s daugh-ter Carmen here in Washington. She dutifully handed me a copy of the pic-ture when I saw her just a few days later in Pittsburgh at Children’s Hos-pital. Both Carmen and Diego might lose their health insurance because there is a lot of activity here and focus and a result when it comes to a big tax bill. In this case, it is a tax bill that gives permanent corporate tax cuts to multi-national, profitable corporations. At the same time, there is almost no ac-tion or any sense of momentum right now to get the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program in place again, or reau-thorized, as we call it. We had an event here in Washington yesterday where not only were there child advocates but so many others coming together to talk about this pro-gram. Maybe the most important thing we did yesterday, in addition to the mechanics, was to talk about the chil-dren in the room. Here are the children and the States they came from. I will just read through them quickly: Jason and Kelsey from Utah; Deanna came from New York; Malachi came from Colorado; Addie and Cailin from Ken-tucky; Patience, Serenity, Tyler, and Harmonie, all from the State of Texas; Jeridan, Kendra, and Makayla from the State of Wisconsin; and, finally, an-other Michaela—spelled a different way—and Grace came from the State of West Virginia. They and their par-ents—these children and their par-ents—spoke about what CHIP means to their families. Several of the parents said CHIP means their children can get the prescription eyeglasses they need. I have to ask: How is a child supposed to learn and succeed in school without eyeglasses? CHIP provides that. So while these kids don’t know if they are going to be able to get the glasses they need to be able to read and to learn, the Senate is busy passing a tax bill. It is OK to pass a tax bill, even if I didn’t agree with it, but we should find the time in the remaining hours of this year to get CHIP done. I saw a tweet just 2 days ago that said the following: ‘‘Congress must renew funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program so the parents of the nine million children who are cov-ered by CHIP can know their children’s healthcare is secure.’’ The good news about that tweet is, it was a Member of Congress. The even better news is, it was a Senator. Better news even than that, the Senator hap-pened to be the Senate majority leader, Senator MCCONNELL . I ask Senator M
CCONNELL , please allow floor time and please obtain the consensus you need in your own party to get this on to the floor and get it passed. As I said, the KIDS Act, the Finance Committee bill, is ready to go. I ask for the majority leader’s help because I know he cares about this program as well. We have to get this done. Just a final note before I yield the floor. I wanted to note several other healthcare priorities that Congress must address. Community health centers are facing a funding cliff that will hurt millions of people around the country, and over 800,000 in Pennsylvania whom they serve, and other priority community health centers. Medicare extenders— meaning tax provisions that are ex-tended from one year to the next or from one year into the future—includ-ing support for rural hospitals and lift-ing the so-called therapy cap to ensure seniors and people with disabilities have access to physical and occupa-tional therapy services have also ex-pired, just like the CHIP program, or will expire at the end of this calendar year. Failing to address these exten-sions is also unacceptable and will harm our children, our seniors, and our communities. So we have a lot of work to do in a short amount of time on all of these healthcare issues. I think we should start with voting on and reauthorizing the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram for 9 million American children. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TAX REFORM BILL Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, last night—I guess, actually, early this morning—was a pretty historic time for us. Our final vote to approve the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was a historic moment for America, and it was clear-ly a historic moment for my State of Alaska. For the first time in 31 years, since President Reagan was in office, we passed tax reform that will make our Tax Code work better for American families and businesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.006 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8158 December 20, 2017 
After 37 long years—yesterday, I said it was 38. I stand corrected. It was 37 years. That is a long time that we have been working to advance the oppor-tunity to open a small portion of the non-wilderness 1002 area in northeast Alaska, up in our North Slope, to re-sponsible energy development. Many in our State believed this would happen in the early 1980s after Congress specifically set aside the 1002 area for exploration—and it is some-thing we have been fighting for ever since. It is a long time to be working on an issue. It has been decades and, in many instances, generations. Through this bill, we voted to let Americans keep more of their hard- earned dollars. We voted to make our businesses more competitive on a glob-al scale. We voted to strengthen our Nation’s energy security. And we voted to create new jobs, new wealth, and new prosperity for a generation to come. One thing we know for sure is that legislation like this doesn’t happen by accident. It doesn’t happen quickly or with the sleight of hand. It happens with a considerable amount of work. So I wish to take a few moments this afternoon to simply say thank you— thank you to those who have worked so hard and for so long to help us reach this point. I want to start by personally ac-knowledging our majority leader, Sen-ator M
CCONNELL . He was the first one I went to back in early January to ask about how we might be able to proceed to include the opening of the 1002 area. We discussed avenues and opportuni-ties. He told me he thought we could make it work, and he committed to me that we would work to do just that. He did, and I thank him for his considered effort and his belief in the cause. I also need to thank and recognize our Budget Committee chairman, Sen-ator E
NZI. He was the second person I went to early this year. He agreed to provide an instruction in the reconcili-ation bill and allow us to run with this opportunity. He, too, recognized the significance of this as a policy initia-tive and how it dovetailed with what he was seeking to achieve through the Budget Committee. The work of many within the Energy and Natural Resources Committee is significant, and I thank them for their efforts. An excellent group of Senators in that committee worked with me to craft our energy title and to report it out of the committee. We reported it on a bipartisan basis—not as strong as I would have liked, but we did receive support from our colleague Senator M
ANCHIN , from West Virginia. Again, it was a solid effort by the committee, and it was a good and important part of the process. Along similar lines, I would like to thank all of the Members of this Cham-ber who supported our work here on the Senate floor—first, to protect the instruction and then to protect our good work to meet it. For some, ANWR has been an issue which they have had an opportunity to weigh in and vote on for many years and thus was not a new matter in which education was needed. For oth-ers, it was important to be able to up-date them, to let them know that many of the issues they may have heard over the years were outdated, that the arguments were stale and needed to be refreshed, thus allowing them to understand what we are doing with new technology. Today, tech-nology is helping us to facilitate devel-opment in a way that allows us to ac-cess more resources with less of a foot-print, with less land, and with less in-trusion on the surface, working to en-sure that we are not only protecting the wildlife that is there, whether it be caribou or polar bears, but also ensur-ing that the people who live there in the 1002 region—the people of Kaktovik, the children who are going to school there, those who have called this place home for decades, if not cen-turies—will have an opportunity there not only for the potential for jobs, but for what the resources will bring to them. I thank my colleagues for being open to the new reality of what we have been developing in Alaska’s North Slope, as we have been seeking to pro-vide resources the country needs, jobs my State and the country need, and truly to help us from an energy secu-rity and a national security perspec-tive. So I thank the Members of the Senate. I thank the members of the Finance Committee, led by Chairman HATCH , for their excellent work and for letting us ride shotgun when it came to tax re-form. We knew we had to make it to the finish line together, and that is ex-actly where we are right now. I thank the President and Secretary Zinke, among others in this adminis-tration, who have been working with us, fighting for Alaska, as we have moved forward. Of course, this wasn’t just a Mem-bers-led effort. We could not have done it without the men and the women who work for us and whom we work for in many ways but who were at the very core of the effort. As usual, within the Energy Com-mittee, certainly it is always a team effort. Everyone contributed in a rock- solid way. My team was very ably led by Brian Hughes, supported by Kellie Donnelly, Lucy Murfitt, Chuck Kleeschulte, Patrick McCormick, Annie Hoefler, Brianne Miller, Nicole Daigle, Michelle Lane, Lane Dickson, Isaac Edwards, Chester Carson, Ben Reinke, Suzanne Cunningham, Melissa Enriquez, Sean Solie, John Starkey, Tonya Parish, Robert Ivanauskas, Bar-bara Repeta, and Diana Nielsen. There were so many on the committee who came together in a host of different ways, some of them working the issue new; others, like Chuck Kleeschulte— 27 years working here in the U.S. Sen-ate and, prior to that, working for the State of Alaska. If there is anyone who has a collective history and wisdom about the background of ANWR and the battles we have endured, it is Chuck Kleeschulte. I know that, as he is approaching retirement, he is look-ing forward to knowing that we have successfully moved this opportunity forward for Alaskans and for the Na-tion. I also thank those in my personal of-fice who helped not only with ANWR but with the tax provisions as well. My chief of staff, Mike Pawlowski, has done an extraordinary job for me. My assistant, Kristen Daimler-Nothdurft, has done amazing things. Karina Peter-sen, Garrett Boyle, Madeline Lefton, and Parker Haymans, among many others—you really recognize a team when you reflect on how so many have given in so many different ways. It is not just within my own office or the Energy Committee; it is those who run the operations here. Specifically, I want to thank Leader MCCONNELL ’s staff—Sharon Soderstrom, Hazen Mar-shall, and Terry Van Doren—and espe-cially the outstanding floor staff here, led by Laura Dove. I know many of them—certainly Laura and Sharon— have been around for their fair share of the ANWR debates and fights, and this is no new issue for them. I appreciate their help and their support a great deal. From Budget, I thank Betsy McDon-nell, Eric Ueland, Paul Vinovich, and Alison McGuire. From Finance, I thank and congratu-late Jay Khosla, who has done a ter-rific job, and Mark Prater. I had the added benefit of going to law school with Mark Prater, a brilliant guy then and even more brilliant now. I greatly appreciate all they did on the tax re-form bill. I also want to give a shout-out to Tara Shaw, who is now with Senator E
NZIand who has been a good friend and a help to me. Lastly and certainly not least, I thank all of the Alaskans who have contributed to this effort over the years. We had a group of about two dozen Alaskans who traveled all the way from Alaska’s North Slope—some 5,000 miles—to be here last night for this vote. These are men and women who, for decades now, have fought to open up the 1002 area for the opportuni-ties it presents to them and to their families. For them, to see this advance is as significant and as historic as most anything they have seen in a consider-able period of time. Oliver Leavitt is an elder. He is cer-tainly a legend in my time. To have Oliver here last night was extraor-dinarily significant. Matthew Rexford and Fenton Rexford, who live in Kaktovik—there were four or five dif-ferent individuals from the village of Kaktovik—again, those who actually reside in the 1002 area. Crawford Patkotak and his wife, Laura, were also with us and also Richard Glenn of Utqiagvik. They were here not only to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.008 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8159 December 20, 2017 
be a part of the culmination of this ef-fort, but they are men and women who have been part of this battle for dec-ades, truly decades. The number of trips they have made to Washington, DC, over the years, the doors they have knocked on, and the efforts they have contributed to are considerable. When I start to name names, I think of Tara Sweeney and the folks who have been there year in and year out, those who have been supportive by traveling here and those who call and those who write. It is gratifying, it is heartwarming, and it is a reality that one can never say thank you enough for the efforts that you have made over the years. To know that you spoke as Alaskans, your voices have been heard, and that Con-gress has finally listened is, indeed, gratifying. Of course, we would not have reached this point without two particular Alas-kans—the ones I am proud to serve with here in our delegation. D
ON Y
OUNG , the dean of the House and Con-gressman for all Alaska, has single-handedly kept this issue alive in the House for a generation. He reminds me that it has been 13 times now that he has passed it out of the House. To be able to recognize his extraordinary work is, indeed, a pleasure and an honor. And, of course, my friend, my very able partner in the Senate, Sen-ator D
ANSULLIVAN , was an incredible partner in this effort, and I thank him greatly for his work. I also recognize that it is not just the delegation present who needs to be thanked. As I have said, this has been a decades-long battle. This has been a generational battle. We are standing in the footsteps of those who have pre-ceded us, including my father, Frank Murkowski, who was chairman of the Energy Committee and at a point in time had advanced this, only to see it fail at the very end. And, of course, my dear friend, my mentor, one who helped give me such great guidance over the years was our former Senator, Ted Ste-vens. Yesterday, you may have noticed I was wearing some unusual earrings. When my friend Ted, the former Sen-ator Stevens, had a serious matter in front of him, he wanted the rest of his colleagues to know that, by gosh, he was serious that day, and this was an issue to be taken seriously, and he would don a Hulk tie. It was somewhat legendary around here. I am not one to wear ties, but after finding a nice pair of Hulk earrings, it seemed to me only appropriate to wear them on a day that would acknowledge the work of ex-traordinary Alaskans who went before me. I think, today, Uncle Ted is smil-ing and happy, and he is probably wear-ing his Hulk tie. This is a big moment for Alaska. There is a spirit and an optimism that I am taking home right now that I think we haven’t seen in years. I think it is worth noting that today is winter solstice. This is the shortest day of the year—today and tomorrow. In Alaska, it is the darkest day of the year. I men-tioned yesterday the effort we have seen from the Senate, which, hopefully, we will finalize shortly, is one that will bring a brightness and an energy to the people of Alaska. For that, I thank my colleagues. I thank the many Alaskans who have supported us in this epic bat-tle, and I thank all those who have helped to make it possible. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. STRANGE ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EDUCATION Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, unlike most of my colleagues, the time I spent here in the Senate represents the sum total of my experience in elected office. For most of my life I approached poli-tics and public policy from a very dif-ferent perspective. I tried to be an edu-cated citizen who understood how the issues being debated here in Wash-ington affected me, my family, my neighbors, and those in my State and my country. I tried to be an advocate for the values I believed in—honesty in public discourse, for sure, but also fair-ness, justice, and the idea that in America we are all in this together. I tried to be an activist, putting my voice and my energy behind candidates and causes that I cared for and about. When I leave the Senate in a few weeks, I will continue trying to be an educated citizen, an advocate, and an activist. Over the last 8
1⁄2years, as I have had the privilege of serving the people of Minnesota, I also gained a new perspective on the issues we face and the way we here in Washington make decisions. Before I go, I want to spend some time sharing some of what I have learned in a series of speeches focusing on the challenges I came to Wash-ington to address—challenges that my colleagues will continue to wrestle with, challenges that will determine not just the political landscape we leave for the next generation of Sen-ators but what kind of country we leave for the next generation of Ameri-cans. Today I want to start by talking about education. Even at a time when our politics is more polarized and more poisonous than it has ever been, you would think that education is one place where Democrats and Repub-licans could come together to make progress. After all, while we do have significant differences on the details of education policy, nobody disagrees about the importance of getting it right. We all agree that education from pre-K through college and beyond is es-sential to providing our economy with a skilled workforce that is ready to in-novate and lead us into the future. Ever since I have been here, employ-ers in Minnesota have stressed to me that they need employees with critical thinking and problem solving skills, with team work and creativity—tools that we need our children to be devel-oping long before they enter the work-force. I am pretty sure that my col-leagues hear this from employers in their States too. Of course, education isn’t just about our economy. It is about the most basic responsibility we have as human beings. Many of us who have served in the Senate have children and grand-children, and we would do anything to be able to promise to them that when they grow up, they will be able to fol-low their dreams and take a risk on themselves to achieve more than we ever could. Many of us remember just how hard our own parents worked to keep that promise to us. All of us, Democrat and Republican alike, want to be able to make that promise not just to our own children but to every child in America, no matter where they grow up or what their family life is like or what obstacles they may en-counter along the way. We all want a country where every child has the opportunity to fulfill his or her God-given potential. We all un-derstand that whether we can provide every child with a great education is the most basic measure of whether we are keeping that promise. Fortunately, the HELP Committee, which I had the honor of serving on since I first arrived in the Senate, has been led by public servants who share those values and a common commitment to delivering on that promise. Under Chairman Harkin and now under Chairman ALEXANDER  and Ranking Member M
URRAY , the HELP Committee has often been able to be an example of how Democrats and Republicans can work together to make progress. When I first got here, the debate was focused on No Child Left Behind, which Congress had passed and President Bush had signed into law in 2002. Democrats and Republicans worked to-gether on that bill back then because they all believed that it was important that our schools be held accountable for the results they achieved on behalf of all students. But by 2009, it had be-come clear that No Child Left Behind simply wasn’t getting the job done. A couple of weeks after I got to the Senate, I held a roundtable with prin-cipals at a school that had been turned around in a poor neighborhood by a great principal in St. Paul. One of the other principals told me that he re-ferred to the NCLB tests as autopsies. I knew exactly what he meant. The kids were taking the tests in late April. The results didn’t come back until late June or later—too late to let the results inform teachers’ instruc-tion of each child. In Minnesota, therefore, most school districts added computer adaptive tests 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.009 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8160 December 20, 2017 
in addition to the required NCLB tests—computers so the teachers could get the results right away and adaptive so that if a kid was getting all the questions right, the questions would get harder and if the kid was getting all of the questions wrong, the ques-tions would get easier. That way, in-stead of measuring whether or not a student was appropriately proficient at grade level in reading and math, edu-cators could find out exactly what grade level each student was at in those subjects—adaptive. NCLB, on the other hand, didn’t allow a State to test outside of grade level. Schools and teachers were judged on whether a suf-ficient percentage of kids met this ar-bitrary standard. This became known as measuring for proficiency, and it created what teachers in Minnesota de-scribed to me as ‘‘a race to the mid-dle.’’ It made them focus on kids just below or just above proficiency. So the ones just below would get above and the ones just above would stay above proficiency, and they would ignore the kid at the top because those kids at the top, no matter what you did, wouldn’t go below proficiency. They would ig-nore the kids at the bottom because no matter what you did that year you couldn’t get those kids to proficiency. So there was this race to the middle. Think about how perverse that is. Think about a fifth grade teacher who takes a kid from a second grade level of reading to a fourth grade level of reading. Well, that kid didn’t get to proficiency. So under No Child Left Be-hind, that teacher was a goat. But a teacher who helps a child grow by two grade levels in a single year is a hero. Teachers, principals, superintendents, school board members and parents all argued that it was time to stop meas-uring just for proficiency and to meas-ure for growth or measure just growth, instead. This became quickly a central focus of the debate over how to reform No Child Left Behind, and it remains a pivotal debate when it comes to the fu-ture of our education system, which is why it was so shocking when President Trump picked a Secretary of Edu-cation, Betsy DeVos, who turned out to have no idea what the growth versus proficiency debate was even about. It would be as if our children’s future relied on the outcome of a football game and the President nominated a head coach who didn’t know how many yards it took to get a first down. It was a deeply upsetting moment, not just because of what it revealed about Mrs. DeVos or the President who had picked her to be in charge of our Nation’s edu-cation system but because these are the kinds of problems that we should be able to solve. There is nothing ideo-logical about the debate. It is simply a matter of coming together and working in good faith to make things work bet-ter. A functioning democracy should be able to get stuff like this right, and sometimes we have. For example, in the bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act we were able to address some of the excessive testing that was burdening educators and stu-dents alike. Under the new law, schools would still have to test every year be-tween third and eighth grade and once in high school, but each State would control the consequences of the test re-sults and that would almost certainly mean fewer high stakes tests, less drill-ing, more time to teach and learn. Meanwhile, the law included impor-tant priorities like strengthening STEM education, expanding student mental health services, increasing ac-cess to courses that help high school students earn college credit, and pre-paring and recruiting more and better principals to lead better schools. These are all things that I fought to include in that final law. It also included a long overdue in-vestment in early childhood education, but not enough—not enough. We know from study after study that a quality early childhood education returns be-tween $7 and $16 for every dollar in-vested. That is because children who get a quality early childhood education are less likely to be referred to special ed and less likely to be held back a grade. They have better health out-comes. Girls are less likely to get preg-nant in adolescence. They are more likely to graduate high school, go to college, and get a good job and pay taxes. And they are less likely to go to prison. If we really want to address future deficits, we would be pouring money into training early childhood edu-cators. Instead, in his budget in the Congress, the Trump administration proposed major cuts to early childhood education. We could easily put more money into these programs if we weren’t giving enormous tax cuts to the wealthy and to powerful corpora-tions. We also need to make sure that as our kids get older, they can rely on quality afterschool programs. Last spring, I visited Roosevelt High School in Minneapolis. During my tour of the school’s afterschool program, I saw students rehearsing for a production of the ‘‘Addams Family.’’ I saw students getting critical academic support like tutoring and college prep. In fact, Roo-sevelt’s successful afterschool pro-grams contributed to their graduation rate going from less than 50 percent to over 70 percent in just 3 years. That is pretty incredible. That is why I fought to renew the 21st Century Community Learning Centers Program in the re-form of No Child Left Behind. It is a program that keeps schools open after school. If we all agree that education should be a priority, we should be willing to put our money where our mouths are and fund these programs. I am proud that during the course of my time here, we have had a bipartisan commitment in doing just that. We made progress— not enough, but we made progress. Again, however, that progress was put at risk under this administration. That afterschool program was zeroed out in its proposed budget. What is more, this administration seems to be outright hostile to the idea that we have respon-sibilities to provide children with a quality public education. I am proud of the work we have done to support and improve our public schools, but the Department of Edu-cation is now led by a Secretary with a long history of actively undermining public education. Secretary DeVos and her family have spent millions and mil-lions of dollars advocating for an ide-ology that would steal funds from pub-lic schools in order to fund private and religious education. Now, let’s take a moment to talk about what that means. Secretary DeVos ran a political action committee called All Children Matter, which spent millions in campaign contributions to promote the use of taxpayer dollars for school vouchers. The argument was that these vouchers would allow low- income students to leave the public school system and attend private schools of their family’s choice. Sec-retary DeVos has been pushing to ex-pand vouchers for years, even though research clearly shows that voucher programs don’t work. In fact, the aca-demic outcomes for students who use vouchers to attend private schools is abysmal. A New York Times article from Feb-ruary of this year reported on three different studies of large State voucher programs in Indiana, Louisiana, and Ohio. Each study found that vouchers negatively impact results in both read-ing and math. In fact, in Louisiana’s voucher program, public elementary school students who started at the 50th percentile in math and then used a voucher to transfer to a private school dropped to the 26th percentile in a sin-gle year. Harvard education professor Martin West said this negative effect was ‘‘as large as any I’ve seen in the literature,’’ and he was talking about all literature, the entire history of American education research. Secretary DeVos is a serious threat to our public school system and a threat to the quality of education in this country overall. I have pushed as hard as I can to protect our students from what this administration has been trying to do. I have sent the Sec-retary over a dozen letters this year on protecting students from harassment, helping defrauded students, and hold-ing for-profit schools accountable. It is my hope that my colleagues will con-tinue to be vigilant in overseeing the Department of Education and making sure our public education system is not dismantled. Our public education system was de-signed to give all kids a real chance in life, but teachers and administrators often lack the resources they need to give the kids the opportunities they de-serve. Every year, I push appropriators to increase funding for a number of critical education programs like early childhood, STEM, and professional de-velopment for teachers, and I hope my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Dec 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.011 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8161 December 20, 2017 
colleagues will continue that fight to increase resources for these programs. Improving our education system isn’t just about funding and accountability. If we want to keep the promise of op-portunity to every child, we have to recognize that some kids face obstacles others do not, and we have to do more to make sure they are not left behind. For example, particularly kids who grow up poor are far more likely to suf-fer what are called adverse childhood experiences, not just the stress of liv-ing in poverty itself but exposure to domestic violence, abuse or neglect, drug and alcohol abuse, the incarcer-ation of a parent, the death of a sib-ling. All of those adverse childhood ex-periences affect brain chemistry and the ability to learn. If we want to im-prove education, we need to do a better job of helping these children overcome these traumas and a better job of ad-dressing economic inequality so fewer have to deal with the trauma in the first place. This is another reason we need more high-quality, early child-hood programs and more training for childcare providers so they can better support kids who have experienced trauma. Here is another example, foster kids. It is not uncommon for foster children to have 10, 11, 12 sets of foster parents during their childhood. This wreaks havoc on their education. Sometimes foster kids fall through the cracks of our education system. If a child’s new foster parents live in a different school district, the foster child is yanked out of school and sent to one in the new school district. Kayla VanDyke, who at the time was an incredibly impressive high school senior from Minnesota, tes-tified before the HELP Committee that she had been in seven foster homes, and she did fall through the cracks. She missed fourth grade entirely. For fos-ter kids, school is often the one con-stant in their life—maybe they have a teacher they really like or an extra-curricular activity that means every-thing to them or maybe they have these things called friends. That is why I wrote a provision in the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act to require school districts to work with child welfare agencies to make sure foster children who are changing homes are not forced to change schools. I would like to think that somewhere there is a foster child running cross-country or devel-oping a passion for history because of a great teacher or doing homework with a good friend because of legislation I worked on, legislation that passed with a strong bipartisan majority. Here is yet another example—kids in Indian Country. When I first came to the Senate, I asked for a seat on the In-dian Affairs Committee. Serving on that committee, you are confronted with the tragic disparities from which Native people in our country suffer. One of them is the huge disparity in educational resources for Native kids compared to their peers. That inequity in education plays out in many ways, but you can literally see it in the school buildings some Native kids are forced to learn in. Indian school build-ings are often unsafe, harmful to the health of children and teachers, and ul-timately a barrier to the education of the students. So going back to early 2009, I had been fighting for funding to fix the Bug-O-Nay-Ge-Shig High School on Leech Lake Reservation in northern Minnesota. When I first visited the school, I saw exposed wiring, mold, roof leaks, rodents, uneven floors, poor lighting, and sewer problems. I learned the students had faced these horren-dous conditions in their classrooms for years. It was deplorable and was a ter-rible place to learn, so I worked for the better part of a decade to rebuild that school. I sent my colleagues a series of powerful editorials about conditions at the school as written by the Min-neapolis StarTribune. I raised this issue at what seems like countless In-dian Affairs hearings. After a lot of work from the community, the Tribe, and the Obama administration, we were able to secure the funding to re-build the Bug-O-Nay-Ge-Shig school. I am thrilled so many bright, young students in Leech Lake will be able to feel safe and comfortable in a brandnew school, which will be opening this coming March, but this is one school, one reservation, and there are hundreds of schools like the Bug-O- Nay-Ge-Shig High School that are not suitable for learning, and we need to do so much more for our Native kids. In Indian Country, we know that his-torical trauma has a huge impact on our children. We have seen the ripple effects of intergenerational trauma, and we know it can lead to other types of trauma experienced in childhood. That is why, when we look at these adverse childhood experiences, particu-larly within the Native community, we can’t dismiss their effects on kids’ abil-ity to learn. Kids in Indian Country are woefully underserved when it comes to housing and economic opportunity. A report by Wilder Research states that this can ‘‘threaten their educational success, health and mental health, and personal development.’’ I am pleased Senator H
EITKAMP of North Dakota has been focused on addressing this issue. One more example: LGBT students deserve to learn in an environment free from discrimination, and they deserve to be treated with dignity and respect. Far too often, LGBT kids endure har-assment and discrimination. More than 30 percent of LGBT kids report missing a day of school in the previous month because they felt unsafe. You can’t learn when you dread going to school, and when that happens, those students are deprived of an equal education. In America, we have passed laws that guard against harassment in our schools on the basis of race, national origin, sex, and disability, but LGBT students continue to face bullying and intimidation without recourse. I have a bill called the Student Non-Discrimi-nation Act that would merely provide LGBT students the same legal rem-edies available to other kids under our Federal civil rights laws. It says, schools would have to listen when a parent says ‘‘my child isn’t safe,’’ and the school has to do something about it. It would ensure that LGBT kids have the same protections as every other child. I worked very hard to get this provision into the final law, and I was greatly disappointed it wasn’t in-cluded, even though it got 52 votes on the Senate floor. It is our responsibility, not just as Senators but as adults, to protect chil-dren and help them flourish, and I sin-cerely hope every one of my colleagues will take up this fight and work to get this across the finish line. The last thing I want to mention on the subject of education is this. For a long time, we thought about learning as something that started when you went to kindergarten and continued until you got your high school diploma and either went off to college or went off to work. We now know education is a lifelong pursuit, but we also know we need to do more to make it possible for it to continue long after 12th grade. College used to be an affordable and accessible step into the middle class for so many Americans. I always think of my wife Franni and her family. You see, when Franni was 17 months old, her dad, a decorated World War II vet-eran, died in a car accident, leaving her mom widowed with five kids. Neil, her brother, went into the Coast Guard and became an electrical engineer, but all four girls went to college, and they went on combinations of Pell grants and scholarships. You see, back then, a Pell grant covered about 80 percent of the cost of a public college education. Today, it is less than 35 percent. So today kids have to work while they go to college. That is not new, but when I have done roundtables at col-leges across Minnesota, many of them tell me they are working full time, in addition to going to school full time, which seems like it might make it harder to focus on your studies or to stay awake. That is why I have been working to bring down the cost of col-lege, increase financial aid to students, and make textbooks cheaper. We need to help millions of Americans refinance their student loan debt at lower inter-est rates, and we need to help low- and middle-income students go to college debt-free. This is something we could easily be doing if we weren’t giving giant tax cuts to the superwealthy and to powerful corporations. It is important to remember, too, that young people don’t necessarily need to start at a 4-year college to be-come successful in life or to build a se-cure middle-class lifestyle. In many ca-reer and technical programs, students complete their education after they have been employed in good jobs be-cause they had the credentials to get those jobs—good jobs with benefits that promise a secure career. Some of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Dec 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.013 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8162 December 20, 2017 
those benefits are often that company paying for the rest of your education— finishing, maybe, your associate’s de-gree or your bachelor’s degree or grad-uate school. We need to overcome the assumption that career and technical schools are a ceiling to future success. They are a ladder to careers with good wages and benefits that can support a comfortable lifestyle. There is a high demand for these workers now. That is because we have what is called a skills gap in this coun-try. Every Senator has it in their State. It is one of the things I hear about frequently when I travel around Minnesota, especially when I talk to businesses. I hear about job positions employers can’t fill because they can’t find qualified workers or workers with the right skills. At the same time, I hear from students who are anxious to start a career but lack specific tech-nical skills. To remain competitive in today’s global economy, we need a better trained workforce. That is why I intro-duced the Community College to Ca-reer Fund Act. The grants would help create public-private partnerships that support Learn and Earn on-the-job training programs. Employers would develop a workforce with the specific skills they need to grow their busi-nesses, and everybody wins. Here is how it works. You go to get a credential. That credential gets you a job. Then the employer will pay for you to continue your education as you con-tinue to work and make a living. I have seen this time and again, and it works. We also need to reauthorize the Per-kins Career and Technical Education law, which includes support for public- private partnership training programs in K–12. I think some of the things we need to do to make college more affordable and accessible and valuable for students are pretty clear. But let’s be honest. The Trump administration—after nearly a year in office—has been going in a very different direction and has been work-ing against the best interests of college students. One of the most unfortunate aspects of this is that predatory for- profit colleges have been able to get even more of a foothold in our higher education system since Secretary DeVos took over. The good news when it comes to edu-cation is that America still has teach-ers and principals and school board members and superintendents who work hard every day to take responsi-bility for every student under their care and deliver on the promise of a great education. We still have parents and neighbors and coaches who look out for our children’s well-being and who work to equip them with the skills they need to succeed in school and be-yond. As anyone who has spent any time in a school lately can tell you, our kids themselves still have some pretty im-pressive potential. What is more, we still have people on both sides of the aisle in the Senate who care passion-ately about education and are willing to do the hard work of bipartisan legis-lating in order to improve our schools and keep that promise of opportunity for the next generation. If the last 8
1⁄2years have taught me that progress on education is possible, even in a divided Washington, this past year has taught me that further progress isn’t inevitable and that the progress we have already made may not be safe. It will be up to my colleagues not to address just the policy challenges posed by an education system that faces a big transition and a budget that forces hard choices but also the polit-ical challenges of the moment. It is my hope and prayer that they will be up to the task. Our children’s future depends on it. Thank you. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LIBYAN SLAVE TRADE Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I rise today to bring to this body’s atten-tion and to the attention of all Ameri-cans what can best be characterized as a modern-day slave trade. It is an out-rage that is hard to fathom but that still exists today. I was recently speaking to a group of pastors from my home State of Illinois who do wonderful work advocating on behalf of human rights and human dig-nity. One of them, Rev. Walter Johnson of the Greater Institutional Church in Chicago, shared his frustration that abuses and atrocities being inflicted upon migrants and refugees in Libya have received not nearly enough atten-tion or outrage in the American public, government, or in the press. I couldn’t agree more. That is why I have come to the Senate floor today to speak on this alarming human rights crisis. Every American should be appalled by chilling images of modern-day slave auctions. Earlier this month in an in-vestigative piece, CNN released video of an auction taking place. It was not an auction for a piece of art or another item one might bid on but an auction for human beings—human beings sold for the equivalent of $400. The reports were a wake-up call for the world about the gravity of this sit-uation in North Africa as migrants fleeing danger and economic hardship face new horrors on their journey to seek a better future. The wars in the Middle East and instability in North Africa have upended huge swaths of the region, displacing thousands of vulner-able men, women, and children. Thou-sands of people fleeing Africa and the Middle East make their way through Libya, hoping to cross the Mediterra-nean. Unfortunately, many of them face horrifying human rights abuses and danger along the way. Because of Libya’s limited capacity to govern, its restrictive policies against migrants, and its inability or refusal to accommodate the migrants, conditions are ripe for exploitation and abuse in their detention centers. Par-ticularly horrifying have been reports from survivors about the exploitation at the hands of smugglers who are openly engaging in human slavery, preying on the most vulnerable, who have surrendered everything for a shot at the future. Migrants have been sub-jected to horrible human rights abuses in Libya over the past few years, in-cluding forced labor, torture, and sex-ual violence. The administration must put this issue front and center when we engage with Libyan officials and demand ac-countability and progress. Sadly, it ap-pears the administration missed such an opportunity to address this issue during Prime Minister Fayiz al-Saraj’s visit to Washington earlier this month. The United Nations-backed Govern-ment of National Accord in Tripoli, however, has taken an important step in acknowledging these abuses and is requesting international support. The European Union and African Union evacuation plan to repatriate the de-tained migrants that was agreed upon in the Ivory Coast is a move in the right direction. In 2016, the United States provided emergency funding for the Inter-national Organization for Migration— the IOM—to help shut down migrant detentions centers in Libya. While the EU rightly picked up the majority of funding to repatriate migrants, the United States should once again con-sider another emergency infusion to the IOM to help accelerate the closure of these facilities in addition to the $31 million in foreign operations funding for Libya that the administration re-quested this year. Additionally, we have a former American Ambassador, William Lacy Swing, who is the Director General of the International Organization for Mi-gration. He is on the frontlines of this fight and stands ready to work with Libyan authorities, the European Union, and African Union countries so that he can help address this crisis. The United States can play an impor-tant role in supporting Director Gen-eral Swing and other international ef-forts to protect these migrants from exploitation and abuse. Human rights are essential to the functioning and well-being of our glob-al community, and that community is threatened when migrants fleeing per-secution are forced into inhumane, ex-ploitative conditions and slavery. Given this country’s own dark history with slavery, we cannot afford to re-main silent in the face of such suf-fering. We must stand together with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Dec 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.015 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8163 December 20, 2017 
the help of the United Nations and other international partners to eradi-cate slavery and the conditions that precipitate it. Thank you. I yield back. 
f 
DACA Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I rise today to speak to an issue that I have spoken to many times on the floor of the Senate. It is the issue of the DREAM Act, a measure which I intro-duced in the Senate 16 years ago. Sixteen years ago I tried to find a way to give young people brought into the United States, who grew up here in this country but did not have legal sta-tus, a chance—just a chance—to earn their way to legal status, to earn their way to citizenship. We set a number of hurdles in their path. We made it clear that they had to complete their edu-cation. We made it clear that they had to pass a serious criminal background check. We gave a timetable when they would be able to reach legal status and not fear deportation. That was 16 years ago, and it still is not the law of the land. Unfortunately, there are hundreds of thousands of young people who fit the description that I have just given. When President Obama was in the White House, I wrote him a letter and said: Mr. President, can you do some-thing to help them? And he did. He cre-ated something called DACA, or De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. It was an Executive order that said to these young people: If you fit that defi-nition of the DREAM Act and if you will come forward and pay a filing fee of $500 or more, if you will submit yourself to a criminal background check and give us all of your back-ground information about you and your family, then, we will give you temporary, renewable status to stay in America, not be deported, and be al-lowed to work. It was a big leap for many of these young people to do it because they had grown up in families where, in whis-pered conversations in the evening, their parents told them: Be careful. If you get arrested and they come to see this family, many of us will be forced to leave this country. Be careful. These young people decided to trust the President of the United States, to trust the Government of the United States, and to run the risk of dis-closing everything—giving the most sensitive, personal information about themselves and about their families. They trusted us, and they trusted this country to treat them fairly and just-ly. So 780,000 have come forward. They submitted their filing fees. They paid for the expenses of the government. They did it knowing that even with this new status—this DACA status under President Obama’s Executive order—they didn’t qualify for one penny of Federal Government benefits, and by working, they would be forced to pay taxes, which they were glad to do. Again, 780,000 came forward. Then came the last election—the election of a President of the United States who had made immigration the centerpiece of his election message and who had really sewn doubt, and even fear, about allowing immigrants into our Nation of immigrants. It is not a new message in America. It is hardly a new message around the world. Being suspicious and fearful, even hateful, of immigrants has been a part of human experience from the beginning of time. So what would happen to these DACA-protected 780,000 young people? President Trump announced, through his Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, on September 5 of this year, that DACA protection was ending. As of March 5 of next year, 2018, no one could sign up for DACA protection, and as the protec-tion expired for each of them, there was no renewal for 780,000 young peo-ple. The President then challenged Con-gress and said: Do something. If I be-lieve, he said, that DACA is wrong, pass a law; take care of the problem. He said that on September 5. Here we are in December, just days away from the end of the year, and we have done nothing—nothing. And what has hap-pened? Across America, these young people, their families, and the people who be-lieve in them have begged us to step up and do something. They have said: In the name of justice, in the name of fairness, in the name of morality, do something. And we have done noth-ing—nothing. Many of them have decided in des-peration to bring their message here to the Capitol. Right now, as I stand and speak on the floor of the Senate, there are thousands outside on the Mall, roaming through the corridors, trying to stop people who they believe might be Congressmen or Senators, to beg for the passage of the Dream Act, to beg for the reinstatement of the DACA pro-tection. Some of them have made great sacrifices. I have gone out to talk to a lot of them. They have never been to Washington before. They have never been inside this Capitol Building. They don’t know what it means to lobby. They can’t afford a lawyer or a lob-byist. They are coming here to beg for their lives and to beg for their families. Some people are shunning them, refus-ing to talk to them. Others are gra-cious and warm and welcoming. They get on people’s nerves because there are a lot of them and they want to talk to people about solving the problem. Some of them have sat in our offices— even my office—and I understand it. As awkward as it may be, as uncomfort-able as it may be, I welcome them. I want them to know what America is about—a place where people in this country have the right to speak, to as-semble, to petition their government. They believe this is their government. They look at that flag and they say: That is my flag too. Legally, they are wrong. They are undocumented. Many have no country at all to which they can turn. Who are they? Who are these 780,000 young people? I can tell you who 900 of them are. Nine hundred of these un-documented young people stood up and took an oath to a country that will not legally recognize them to serve in our military and risk their lives for each and every one of us. What greater proof can we ask about their commitment to this country? Nine hundred of them did this. If we fail to provide DACA or Dream Act protection to them, these 900 will be forced to leave the military of the United States of America. They will be turned away, despite the fact that they have volunteered their lives for this country. Twenty thousand of them teach in our classrooms around America. I have met many of them. They are teaching in inner city schools through a pro-gram called Teach For America, which sends them to some of the poorest school districts in America. They are spending their lives, as undocumented in America, trying to help the least of those of the population, those in des-perate need of their assistance. Among them are thousands who are going to school now and college. Let me tell you that their challenge in col-lege is a heck of a lot harder than the challenge for most young people. They don’t qualify for any Federal assist-ance to go to college—no Pell grants, no Federal loans. They have to go to work. They have to work and earn the money to pay for tuition. That is what their lives are all about. So for those who would dismiss these as lazy people who really can’t offer much to the future of America, take a minute to get to know them. Yesterday, one of my Republican col-leagues looked me in the eye and said: We are talking about amnesty; these are people who violated the law. You are talking about forgiving them for violating the law. Some of them, by his definition, vio-lated the law when they were carried in their mothers’ arms to the United States at the age of 2. Does that sound right? Does that sound just? Does it sound fair to say that these are people who have broken the law in America? I don’t think so. Let me say a word about their par-ents. There are some people who say: OK, I don’t hate the Dreamers, but I get to hate their parents, right? They did break the law. Technically, they probably did. I will not argue the point, but I will tell you something. As a father, I would risk breaking the law for the life, future, and safety of my children. I would, and most people would, and they did. It wasn’t for any selfish motive. It was so that their kids had a chance. That is what it was all about, and that is why they came to this country. They knew that at any minute it could fall apart and they would be asked to leave, or worse. They risked it for their chil-dren. So I am not going to stand in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Dec 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.016 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8164 December 20, 2017 
moral judgment of these parents of Dreamers. As to legal judgment, the case is clear. But as to a moral judg-ment, no, I just will not do it. What I have done 101 or 102 times is to come to this floor and just tell a story—a story about a Dreamer—so that people know who they are. Today I would like to tell you the story of this young lady whose name is Karen Reyes. Karen Reyes is the 104th Dream-er whom I have introduced on the floor of the Senate, brought to the United States from Mexico. She grew up in San Antonio. She had a childhood like other American kids—Girl Scouts, summer camps, church groups, volleyball. Karen didn’t even know she was undocumented until she was in junior high school. She was a good student. She grad-uated with honors from high school. She was a member of the marching band. Here is what she said about grow-ing up in America: 
I might be an undocumented American, but I am an American. I came to this coun-try when I was 2 years old. The only recollec-tion that I have of Mexico is when I visited as a young child. I have not gone back in 20 years. I grew up here. I formed a life here. I made friends here. I received my education here. 
After high school, Karen went to San Antonio College and then transferred to the University of Texas San Anto-nio. She made the President’s Honors List and the Dean’s List. She found time to volunteer at the University Health System and at the San Antonio Youth Literacy project. She tutored second grade students in reading, and she worked with commu-nities and schools where she mentored and tutored elementary students. In 2012, Karen graduated with a bach-elor of arts in interdisciplinary studies. She went on to the Deaf Education and Hearing Science Program at the Uni-versity of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio. In 2014, Karen graduated with a mas-ter’s degree in deaf education and hear-ing science. Today, she is working as a special education teacher in Austin, TX. Here is a picture of her with the kids. She teaches 3- and 4-year-old kids who are deaf or hard of hearing. She teaches kids with disabilities. Here is what she said about DACA, the program that was abolished by President Trump, which allows her to live in the United States and to work as a teacher: 
DACA made me visible. DACA made it pos-sible for me to teach children who are deaf and hard of hearing. I am helping these stu-dents and families on their journey to being able to communicate and achieve their dreams. Before I didn’t think I had a voice, but now I do. . . . I get to change lives every single day. 
Twenty thousand other DACA stu-dents and recipients like Karen are teachers in our schools. Because DACA was repealed, Texas stands to lose 2,000 teachers. I ask the State of Texas: Are you ready to lose Karen? Are you ready to lose 2,000 more just like her because the Senate and the House of Represent-atives refused to act, refused to legis-late, refused to provide protection to her? As for Karen, her DACA expires in August of next year. This will be her last school year. If Congress doesn’t step up and meet its responsibility and pass the Dream Act, her time teaching these deaf and hard of hearing children will come to an end. In a few days we are going to go home and celebrate Christmas with our families. It is a big, important time of year. My wife and I are looking forward to it. We get to see all of the grandkids in one place. It is going to be pure bed-lam, but we are going to love every sec-ond of it. Christmas means that much to our families. Being together means so much to our families. Think for a moment about those who are protected with DACA. This may be their last Christmas in the United States. They don’t know where they will be next Christmas because the President abolished the protection pro-gram and because Congress refuses to act. They don’t know where they will be and they don’t know whether they will be with family or not. That is the reality. What a reflection on our Nation that we have reached this point to punish someone like Karen, a giving, caring, educated professional person who is spending time helping little boys and girls who desperately need her help. Some in this Chamber—and I have seen them face to face—are ready to tell her to leave: We don’t need you anymore, Karen. Go back to wherever you came from. Just get out of here. That is their attitude. It is not mine nor the majority of Americans. Over three out of four Americans be-lieve Karen deserves a chance. Over three out of four Americans believe she should be allowed to stay and earn her way to legal status and citizenship. In-cidentally, 60 percent of those who voted for Donald Trump happen to be-lieve that same thing. But there are voices of division and fear and hatred in this administration. I have seen them. I have heard them. I know what they have to say. The ques-tion is, will they prevail? Will they de-fine this President in terms of his treatment of people who are just ask-ing for a chance to be part of America’s future? The answer to that question is really not in the President’s hands. It is in our hands. We owe it to these young people to do the right thing. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I first thank our distinguished leader from Illinois, not only for his elo-quence and passion but his unfettered commitment to the young people who were brought here as children, who maybe had never set foot in the coun-try their parents came from and may not know the language. They are here, and a promise was made to them in our country. I spoke yesterday on the floor about two young people from Michigan. We have 10,000 young people in Michigan— some serving in the military, some in jobs, some in school—who don’t know any other country. They love our coun-try, and they just want our country to keep its promise to them. That is what I view it as, keeping our promises. So I thank the Senator. f 
VETERANS DESERVE BETTER ACT Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I want to speak about keeping promises to a very important group of Ameri-cans as well; that is, our men and women who are serving us as veterans and serving us in the military. Representing Michigan in the U.S. Senate is a great honor. I know it is for all of us. One of the best parts of the job is being able to work on behalf of Michigan’s veterans. From the Civil War to the World Wars, to the Korean war, to Vietnam, the Cold War, the Gulf war, and our fight against terrorism, Michigan’s veterans have given us their all. Our veterans have always been the first in line to defend our democracy. That is why they should never be at the back of any line—for a job, healthcare, hous-ing, or a world-class education. Unfortunately, there are times when our veterans aren’t getting the benefits they deserve, have earned, and have been promised. When that happens, it is our duty to fight for those who fought for us. That is why, in 2014, Con-gress passed something called the Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act, called the Veterans Choice Program. This legislation aimed to reduce wait times and provide medical services to veterans in their communities after we heard of very serious issues and hor-rible situations that had occurred for veterans in some parts of our country. The Veterans Choice Act was created to meet a real need—getting our vet-erans prompt healthcare in locations that are convenient for them. This pro-gram is especially critical for veterans in rural communities throughout Michigan as well as throughout the country—people in rural areas who were previously required to travel long distances, hours and hours, for serv-ices. However, since it was enacted, pro-viders across my State and in many parts of the country have not been get-ting paid, rural hospitals have pulled out, and this program in Michigan has not been working. Worst of all, too many Michigan vet-erans and veterans across the country are struggling to get the appointments and the healthcare they need. That is why, last week, I introduced a bill I am calling the Veterans Deserve Better Act. This bill will help our veterans in three ways to be able to correct what is occurring right now in Michigan with a private contractor—a private provider 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Dec 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.018 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8165 December 20, 2017 
who has not been doing the job. I have talked to the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs who understands the problem and agrees this has to be fixed. My bill will improve the scheduling process for veterans seeking healthcare. They shouldn’t have to wait weeks or months to be able to get an appointment with a doctor. Our military operates under the sim-ple creed, ‘‘Leave no person behind,’’ but far too many of our veterans in need of healthcare are languishing in a system that simply isn’t accountable to them. Through this private con-tracting process, that certainly has been the case. My bill would require the VA, and any outside contractors who are set-ting up healthcare appointments through the Veterans Choice Program, to provide veterans with more and bet-ter information, and if veterans are still struggling to get appointments, they will be told exactly how to file a complaint so it can get fixed. Second, my legislation will hold third-party contractors accountable. We have excellent service through our VA medical facilities, but this new sys-tem—which is supposed to make it bet-ter, quicker, and faster—has not been working, and third-party contractors, at least in Michigan, have not been held accountable. The VA will track all appointments made through outside contractors who must schedule appointments within 5 days. Any appointments not scheduled within 5 days will be sent to the VA for followup. Within 30 days of this legislation being signed, third-party contractors will be required to submit a list of the veterans who have been waiting for more than 15 days for their appoint-ments. I know of many waiting much longer. We don’t leave soldiers on the battlefield. We shouldn’t leave vet-erans to fight alone to get their healthcare needs met. Third, this legislation ensures that Veterans Choice Program providers re-ceive prompt payment or denial of pay-ment. If payment is denied, the healthcare provider will need to be told why and what information they need to submit in order to get the claim proc-essed. The VA will also be required to sub-mit a report to Congress on the number of unpaid claims to Veterans Choice Program providers and to take action on those claims within 45 days. What do I mean by providers? I am talking about our hospitals in northern Michigan, in the Upper Peninsula, in the northwest side of the State, and the northeast side of the State signed up under this program to be able to provide the care for someone who is more than 40 miles away from a VA medical center; then, they find they are not getting paid for their services to the tune of millions and millions of dollars. Veterans who have served their coun-try and the medical providers who treat them deserve nothing less than getting this system right. Appoint-ments should be made quickly, pay-ments should be made for service, and there has to be continual account-ability. Unfortunately, we know they aren’t always getting what they need. One of those veterans is Jerry, a former National Guardsman who was stationed in Greenville, MI, on the west side of the State. He now lives in Sumner Township in Gratiot County. Last January, Jerry received a scary diagnosis. He had a lesion on his brain. He needed to see a specialist right away. Veterans Choice was supposed to make an appointment for Jerry to see an endocrinologist, but when he showed up for the appointment, unbe-lievably, he discovered he was mistak-enly sent to a urologist. After that, Veterans Choice sent Jerry to a family practitioner who had no record that he even had an appointment. It was 2 days off of work and travel to visit doctors that Jerry should have never been sent to in the first place. By this time, Jerry was understand-ably very upset. He reached out to my office, and I am glad he did, so we could help. We were able to contact Veterans Choice on his behalf and get him the appointment he needed with the right specialist. Now, this is after his spend-ing 5 months—5 months—trying to get to the right doctor. There is no excuse for this. However, Jerry’s issues weren’t over. When he saw the same specialist a sec-ond time, Jerry learned the doctor had never been reimbursed for his previous visit. As Jerry said, ‘‘It shouldn’t take five months to see a specialist, espe-cially with something this scary and serious. And I shouldn’t have to worry about whether or not Veterans Choice will pay for my care that I have earned.’’ Yes, Jerry, you have earned and been promised that care. Jerry is exactly right. Unfortunately, he is not alone in Michigan—I know this from talking to colleagues in other areas—particularly with this same pro-vider. I have heard from many other Michigan veterans who can’t get ap-pointments, are getting the wrong ap-pointments, are having to travel long distances to appointments—which, this was supposed to stop veterans from having to drive long distances for ap-pointments—or whose healthcare pro-viders aren’t being paid for their serv-ices and then deciding they don’t want to participate in the Veterans Choice Program. My colleagues on the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee are working on com-prehensive reforms to the Veterans Choice Program, and we are staring down another funding deadline. It is important this gets done, and we need to do it right away. We need to fix the problems veterans are having to deal with on a daily basis. I am looking for-ward to working with colleagues to fix this as quickly as possible. Our vet-erans deserve better. It is time we pass this legislation and make sure they get it. I would like to end with the words of a man who knew something about serv-ice and sacrifice on behalf of our coun-try. Before he was President, before he was a member of this very Chamber, John F. Kennedy was a veteran who served in the U.S. Navy during World War II. On August 2, 1943, the PT boat he commanded was struck by a Japa-nese destroyer in the South Pacific. The entire crew ended up in the water, and two of his men died. Although Lieutenant Kennedy badly injured his back in the collision, he helped his men find safety on an island several miles away, where they were rescued a week later. Kennedy later was awarded the Navy and Marine Corps Medal for his leadership. He once said: ‘‘As we ex-press our gratitude, we must never for-get that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.’’ I believe that is our responsibility. It is not enough to praise our veterans on special days, although they have cer-tainly earned every word of praise. In-stead, we must work together to up-hold each and every promise we have made to them. Veterans like Jerry and so many oth-ers have always been first in line to de-fend us. It is time to make sure they are not at the back of the line when it comes to getting the healthcare they need. 
f 
CHIP AND COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, on a different subject, talking about keep-ing promises; that is, other people who are counting on us to be able to act in order to get their healthcare. We have had 81 days since the fund-ing ended for the Children’s Health In-surance Program and community health centers. Each State is a little different because of the various com-binations of funding and so on, which meant not everyone lost care imme-diately right after. There are three States this month, others in the first of the year, and so on. I literally received just a few mo-ments ago a notice from our State say-ing it is very likely that if we don’t act, in January, families in Michigan are going to get a notice that what we call MIChild, which provides healthcare for 100,000 children in Michi-gan of working families who don’t qualify for help through Medicaid or other assistance—they are working and maybe at work they are getting healthcare, but it doesn’t cover their children, or maybe they are not getting healthcare, and they want to at least be able to cover their children, that is what MIChild is all about. It has been 81 days since the deadline of September 30, which stopped the Federal funding from going forward. This affects 9 million children nation-wide and 100,000 children in Michigan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.020 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8166 December 20, 2017 
In addition to that, community health centers across the country serve 25 mil-lion patients every year; 300,000 of them are veterans, and 7.5 million of them are children. I had the opportunity last Friday to visit two wonderful facilities—one in Flint, which is in Genesee County, and one in western Wayne County—and see the great work they do and talk to some of the people who were there to get care. People are counting on com-munity health centers and they are counting on the Children’s Health In-surance Program in order to make sure they have the care they need for them-selves and their families. It is important that we act. We could act right now. This is bipartisan. We passed a bipartisan bill out of the Fi-nance Committee in September, before the deadline. I want to thank the chairman, Senator H
ATCH , and the ranking member, Senator W
YDEN . I was pleased to join with them. We passed it out of committee with only one ‘‘no’’ vote. We have bipartisan support to get this done. Senator B
LUNT and I offered a bill that is bipartisan and has had the support of 70 Members of this body in signing a letter saying to continue funding for community health centers. Our plan all along was to pass the children’s health insurance bill out of committee in September and add health centers and then pass it before the deadline so that it would take away the anxiety, worry, and fear that families now have about what is going to happen. Every day that goes by, people are worried about what is going to happen. Are they going to be able to take their child to the doctor, be able to get their asthma treatments, handle their juve-nile diabetes, cancer treatments, or the normal things that happen to kids every day? I am not sure if there will be any votes today. We could, today, pass the Children’s Health Insurance Program and community health centers and let families across America know they are going to be able to have the medical care they need for themselves and their children coming into the new year. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DACA Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to speak about an urgent crisis that Congress must solve now for near-ly 800,000 Dreamers in this country. I am proud to represent New York State in the U.S. Senate. One of the things I am most proud of is that my State is home to tens of thousands of Dream-ers—tens of thousands of young people who have never known any other coun-try as home but this one. When President Trump announced that he wanted to end the DACA Pro-gram, it was one of the most inhumane actions of his entire Presidency. Let me be clear about what ending DACA will do. Ending DACA will force thou-sands of Dreamers to lose their jobs. It will force them to go into hiding. It will force them to have to make the unimaginable choice between staying here undocumented or being forced out of the United States. I ask my colleagues, are you really OK with letting that happen when you personally have the power to prevent it from happening right now? Attacking Dreamers like this goes against our most basic values as Americans, our most basic sense of right versus wrong. I know this Chamber is divided about how to fix our broken immigration sys-tem, but just for a second, forget about ideology and think about what it actu-ally means for these young people who have spent their entire lives here. They are waiting and wondering if Congress actually has the guts to stand up to President Trump and do what is right. If the President will not lead, then Congress must lead, and we need to lead now. We have to protect our Dreamers, and we need to pass the Dream Act. Most of all, we should never allow our Dreamers to be used as political pawns. We should simply do what both parties have said is the right thing to do, which is to pass the Dream Act. This is a matter of basic human rights and human dignity. It is about people’s lives, and I am not going to com-promise on that. Mr. President, are you willing to compromise on that? We need to fix this problem, and we don’t have a lot of time to do it. Every week that Congress refuses to take ac-tion, more Dreamers lose their DACA status. Very soon, we are going to have to pass a long-term spending bill just to keep the government running, but the Republican leadership has not yet committed to including a provision in the bill to protect our Dreamers. I want to say this very clearly: If my Republican colleagues refuse to do the right thing and protect our Dreamers in the upcoming long-term spending bill, I will vote no. I will ask my col-leagues to join me in this fight. I will ask all of them to see that this issue is not a political question. It is a basic question of whether or not we are a country that protects children. I am never going to compromise when it comes to our Dreamers, not when their lives are literally hanging in the balance. Time is desperately running out. I urge my colleagues to do what is right. We must protect the Dreamers. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
TAX REFORM BILL Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, it is a historic day for our country, for the Senate, and for the Congress. As we speak, the President of the United States is about to sign the bill that we passed on the floor of the Sen-ate last night, which was the agree-ment on the conference report—the largest tax reform in the history of our country or, certainly, the largest since 1986. It is historic in many other ways because we are fighting wars overseas, we are dealing with terrorism, and we are looking at the economic climate for the future and trying to inspire our country to be better and be everything that it can be. We are talking about all of those types of things, and we are getting ready for Christmas. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JIM M CCOOL Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, we are busy about lots of things, but there is one thing that you should never be too busy to do, and that is to pause and stop and say thank you—thank you to someone or some entity or some insti-tution that has made a difference in your life or in the life of your country. I don’t often come down here on points of personal privilege. I do it, but I don’t often do it. When I do do it, it is special for me, and I hope it is spe-cial for the people I am talking about. A good friend of mine is retiring from the Southern Company in the next few months. His name is Jim McCool. Now, most of you probably don’t know Jim McCool. Jim is one of those people who some people refer to as a lobbyist and others refer to as a profes-sional advocate. I refer to him as my good friend. I met him in the 1980s. He had started his own formal wear busi-ness. He then sold that business and went to work for Mississippi Power. It was later one of the Southern Com-pany’s companies. He then worked as a liaison to Washington for the Southern Company, for Georgia Power, for Mis-sissippi Power, and for Alabama Power. I got to know Jim in lots of ways. First of all, it was when I was in the Georgia State Senate and the Georgia State House. On the industry com-mittee, we worked on issues that dealt with electric utilities. I didn’t know anything about those, as I was a real estate broker. My knowledge of elec-tricity was that when I threw that switch, I wanted it to come on. Once it got beyond that, I didn’t have knowl-edge of it. Jim was one of those people who didn’t just come and say: This is my company’s position. We want you to do it. He asked: What is it about my com-pany’s position that I can help explain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Dec 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.022 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8167 December 20, 2017 
for you to make a decision? He never, ever asked me to do anything for him or anyone. He always offered to give me the information that I needed to make the decision myself. That is not a rarity in that profession, but it is certainly something that the average person doesn’t think of when you hear of a lobbyist or a professional advo-cate. Jim McCool is, has been, and, for me, always will be very special. He takes his job seriously, his company seri-ously, and his country seriously. Jim and his wife, Kathy, raised three great sons. They are proud of their dad, and he is proud of them. I have seen him in enough situations with his family to know that his family comes first for Jim McCool. Golf, unlike what most people think, is not first. It is only sec-ond. The Southern Company is third. I have played a lot of golf with Jim McCool, and that is why I put that in there. Over the years, I have worked with Jim on many, many projects. Right now, we are working on a nuclear pro-duction tax credit, in addition to the tax extenders bill, which, hopefully, will pass the Congress within the next 2 weeks, after January 1, to continue the construction and the completion of units 3 and 4 at Plant Vogtle in Geor-gia. For me, ironically, this was such a special moment because I had worked on Vogtle units 1 and 2 when they were built in the early 1980s and when Jim was an advocate, at that time, for Mis-sissippi Power. He later joined the Southern Company team. Jim and I have watched Plant Vogtle go from a dream and an aspiration for the Southern Company to a reality in terms of units 1 and 2. If we get our work done here soon, units 3 and 4 will be online. For a long time after Jim McCool is gone and I am gone and all of you are gone, Georgia will have reli-able, safe energy from a renewable source called nuclear, and we will con-tinue to be a pioneer and a leader in the southern United States. When I heard that Jim was retiring, obviously, I knew it was a special mo-ment for him and his family. I wish him all the best, and I know that he is going to do great. I started thinking back over all of those times that we had worked on all of those issues that had such an impact on his job and his employer and, for me, on my State and his State. Jim never wavered in his commitment to doing the best job he could possibly do in always rep-resenting the best interests of his com-pany while never losing the best inter-ests of those who were served by his company—the customers. On this day today, when the Presi-dent of the United States signs major, sweeping tax reform and as we ap-proach Christmas—a special holiday for all families—I rise on the floor of the Senate to take note of Jim McCool from the State of Mississippi, employee of the Southern Company, professional advocate, father of three, and husband to a great lady. Jim McCool has gone the long way down the long road, and he has done it with style, with class, and he has delivered every single time. Washington doesn’t have a better ad-vocate working in this town than Jim McCool. We are going to miss him, but I am going to get to play a lot more golf with him in the years ahead be-cause he is going to have more free time than he has right now. So I wish Jim and his family the best. I thank him for all he has done for us as Geor-gians. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TAX REFORM BILL Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I rise today to note this Congress’s historic achievement in reforming the Nation’s tax system for the first time in 30 years. I congratulate the hard-working teams, the staffers, and others from the Budget, Finance, and Energy Com-mittees and their colleagues in the House for the work they have done. It is not easy to modernize a Tax Code that has languished for over 30 years. Many groups have worked for a long time to solidify their special bene-fits, and they don’t want to see those perks or special benefits go away. Many others just don’t know how to work things under the status quo and think that must be the only way to do things, is to find a new status quo that represents the old status quo. Reforming the Tax Code is not easy, but it is important. It is important to America’s economy. It is important to America’s working families. It is im-portant to Colorado. It is important for a lot of reasons. For instance, right now, we waste 6 billion hours and $263 billion just to file our taxes every year. After this reform, 92 percent of tax-payers will take the standard deduc-tion. That simplifies the code, cuts those hours, and eliminates wasted dol-lars. Perhaps most importantly, it will shake our economy out of its slow- walking recovery. While there are booming areas in our country—and un-doubtedly Colorado’s Front Range rep-resents some of the best examples of booming areas in our Nation—there are many areas of the country that haven’t seen the growth and have, quite frank-ly, been left behind. They haven’t seen their wages go up for a long time. In fact, yesterday the Denver Post pub-lished two stories about wages. Those stories point out that median wages in Colorado in 2016 were still below the levels of 2007 and even 2000. While I ap-preciate these reports, the fact is, we knew it wasn’t anything unheard of. It certainly isn’t new to those Coloradans who live outside of the Front Range and who they haven’t seen their wages grow. It is a reality they have been dealing with for far too long. Over the years, wages have become detached from corporate profits, and this chart is a good example of what has occurred. Prior to 1990, a 1 percent increase in corporate profits led to a greater than 1 percent increase in worker wages. But from 2008 to 2016, a 1 percent increase in corporate profits led to only a 0.3 percent increase in wages. What you can see right here is the corporate rate over time. You can see that in 1990, 1986, the U.S. rate re-mained at 35 percent, what is today, for at least a little bit longer, the highest statutory tax rate in the world when it comes to business rates. You can see OECD nations have dramatically dropped theirs beginning in 1990 and going down through today. That is what has happened. Over that same pe-riod, our once-competitive corporate tax system has gotten more and more out of date. Our corporate rate today, as I said, is about the same as it was 30 years ago—35 percent. Meanwhile, for-eign countries, such as Germany, France, Italy, and even Socialist Greece, have lowered their tax rates. Now America has the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized world, and Europe has an average statutory rate of around 18.5 percent. So Amer-ican businesses have shifted their work overseas. New factories were built in Poland, not Pueblo. New offices opened in Dublin, not Delta. With fewer oppor-tunities, American wages stagnated. The empirical data on this is clear. We have another chart to talk about this. High-tax countries see anemic wage growth—well under 1 percent a year—but low-tax countries see much stronger growth—between 1 and 4 per-cent. You can see right here on the red line—this line represents the highest statutory corporate rates in the world, the 10 countries with the highest statu-tory corporate rates. They have less than 1 percent wage growth. You can see the lowest statutory corporate rates—the countries that represent the bottom 10 statutory rates in the world have wage growth at 4 percent a year. That is clear data—growth between 1 and 4 percent in low-tax countries. Make no mistake, America is on the red line because we have an out-of-date corporate Tax Code—an out-of-date Tax Code that we have begun to ad-dress. Lowering the corporate tax rate has historically had support on both sides of the aisle, including something Presi-dent Obama said back in 2011 in his State of the Union Address at a joint session of Congress. But suddenly, over the last couple of months, that is not the case anymore, and sadly I suspect that opposition to tax cuts has more to do with partisan politics than the mer-its of the proposal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Dec 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.023 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8168 December 20, 2017 
Whatever the reason, instead of reaching out and working together, we have heard a parade of horrors: It will run up deficits. It only benefits the wealthy. Instead of investing in work-ers to make more profits, businesses will just hoard their money. We have even heard that provision after provi-sion will literally kill people. As we heard objections get more and more outlandish, including the Biblical end of time, we heard the critiques get even more petty. We even heard the other side use procedural rules to com-plain about the title of the bill. What we haven’t heard is how those opposed to this bill would solve the wage prob-lem. They don’t have a theory about why wages have stagnated or a vision for how to get them moving again, but we do. We passed it last night, and this reform will start to move wages again. This reform makes our corporate tax rates competitive again. It removes the incentive to invest abroad rather than right here at home. It is no surprise that the Business Roundtable, the Chamber of Com-merce, the National Federation of Independent Business—the organiza-tion that represents small businesses across this country—the National Re-tail Federation, the National Associa-tion of Home Builders, and the Amer-ican Farm Bureau Federation support this bill. In fact, you can see this small por-tion of a stack of letters I received from hundreds of farmers from across the State of Colorado who wrote to my office and said: I would like to join Col-orado Farm Bureau to support tax re-form that works for Colorado’s farmers and ranchers. There are hundreds of people saying: Please help reform our Tax Code; cut our taxes. These letters came from real Coloradans, people from all four corners of the State who know how important real reform is to them. These groups know that this re-form—these individuals know that this reform translates into more growth for the American economy, higher wages for American workers. The Tax Foundation has estimated that this reform will bring 339,000 new, full-time equivalent jobs, increase GDP, and raise workers’ wages. I have heard a lot of doubt about that part. I have heard a lot of people say that no wage growth is going to occur, that no money will come from these greedy corporations. But look at the news today, because today companies across America have already started to re-spond to this pro-growth tax reform. Just hours ago, AT&T announced that it will invest an additional $1 bil-lion in the United States in 2018 and that it will give more than 200,000 of its U.S. employees a bonus of $1,000—all because of the tax relief bill that we have been working on that we passed today. Similarly, today Boeing an-nounced that it will make a $300 mil-lion investment in charitable giving, worker training and education, and in-frastructure and facility enhance-ments. Both of these companies made it very clear that these investments— over $1 billion of investment and $1,000 to 200,000 employees in the United States—are because of the tax bill that the House passed today and that we passed early this morning. There is more on the way, but the business side isn’t the only way it brings relief to American families and it is certainly not the most important. The reforms we have made on the per-sonal side will deliver relief to Ameri-cans across the Nation. A family of four earning the median American income of $73,000 will see their tax bill go down by $2,000, and that is nearly 60 percent next year from what it was this year. A single parent with two children and an in-come of $52,000 will see a tax cut of nearly $1,900. In a nation where too many people can’t pull together $100 in 24 hours, these tax reductions alone are an enormous benefit. These are real benefits to the American people. Although there may be some naysayers in Washington who appar-ently have plenty of money, to people in Colorado, people in the West, people across this country, that is a big deal. These are benefits to real people, and I am glad to be a part and honored to be a part of delivering this real relief. I am also proud to have done this in a way that creates many provisions that are especially important to Colo-rado. We have made it easier to take advantage of the medical expense de-duction. We have expanded the child tax credit and the 529 programs. We have protected other education provi-sions, such as the student loan interest deduction and tax breaks for America’s teachers. We have made sure our farm-ing co-ops are treated fairly, and we have made sure our growing brewing and distilling industry is treated fairly as well. We have made a dent in the un-fair death tax, and that is a big deal for the hundreds of farmers and ranchers who have contacted my office. We have ended the ObamaCare individual man-date, so no longer will the people in Colorado who earn less than $50,000 be subjected to a tax fine, a penalty by the IRS, simply because they can’t af-ford an unaffordable ObamaCare pol-icy. We have helped ensure America’s energy security by opening up new re-source opportunities in a responsible manner, making sure that we simulta-neously ensure that Colorado’s renew-able energy industry continues to flourish by making sure that today’s credits for wind, solar, and refined coal are still available. That is what we did in this legislation. Mr. President, this is historic reform. I am proud to be a part of it. I am proud to have voted for it. We can al-ready see today that as a result of the work we have done, Americans are see-ing the benefit. Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I am here now for the 190th ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech to talk about an issue that falls at the intersection of climate change and jobs and consumer power and protection. You would think that a policy that simultaneously re-duces the carbon emissions responsible for climate change and boosts Amer-ican industrial competitiveness and puts thousands of dollars back into the pockets of American consumers would be pretty universally popular. Unfortu-nately, you would be wrong. The corporate average fuel economy standards, known as the CAFE stand-ards, set a minimum threshold for the average fuel economy of cars and light trucks that are sold in the United States. In 2011, the major automakers here in America—Ford, GM, and the others—enthusiastically endorsed vol-untary new fuel efficiency standards which would gradually increase the fuel economy for their cars and light trucks to 54.5 miles per gallon on aver-age by 2025. Think about that for a second. In 2011, average fuel economy for these ve-hicles was stuck below 30 miles per gal-lon. The CAFE standards hadn’t budged in years, and as a result, our automakers had stopped innovating to make cars more fuel efficient. They didn’t have to make them more fuel ef-ficient. And when gas prices soared in the mid-2000s, it was consumers who were on the hook. Today, thanks to the voluntary agreement that was reached by the automakers, the CAFE standard is presently over 40 miles per gallon for cars and over 30 miles per gallon for light trucks. Consumers have already saved $42 billion at the pump because of those increased fuel economy stand-ards. Consumers who purchase a new car in 2025, on average, will save about $8,000 on gas over the lifetime of that car because of those new fuel economy standards. Of course, it is not just the con-sumers who win under the new CAFE standards; the environment also wins. Already the American auto fleet’s in-creased average fuel economy has re-sulted in 195 million fewer metric tons of carbon emissions, and, of course, with the carbon emissions come all the rest of the pollution out of a car’s tail-pipe, so it is a big environmental ben-efit. Over the life of the CAFE stand-ards program, total carbon emissions reductions should total 6 billion metric tons. This is huge because transpor-tation is now the largest source of car-bon emissions in the United States, and carbon emissions from cars and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:54 Dec 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.025 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8169 December 20, 2017 
light trucks account for almost one- sixth of the Nation’s total. If we are to be successful in keeping the average global temperature in-crease under 2 degrees Celsius—the upper bound, beyond which scientists tell us the consequences of climate change will likely be irreversible—then we have to significantly reduce our auto emissions. That is the target of the Paris climate agreement, which is represented here in this graph, from business as usual here, to all of the car-bon emissions savings and efficiencies necessary to reach our Paris goal right here. Of all of this—power sector, in-dustrial sector, efficiencies, home sec-tor—all of it—this gold wedge right here represents the piece of it that we achieve by meeting these CAFE stand-ards. So it is pretty important to meet those standards if we are going to hit the Paris climate goals, and it is pretty important to hit the Paris climate goals if we don’t want to condemn our children and grandchildren to a very hazardous future. Here is what is strange. The exact same set of industry players who vol-untarily signed onto and supported the stronger fuel efficiency standards just 4 years ago through their trade associa-tion are now working hand in hand with EPA Administrator Scott Pru-itt—when something bad is happening for the environment, you can almost always find him around—to weaken them, to undo what they voluntarily agreed to and promised the American people. Following the election of Donald Trump, the Auto Alliance—the trade group that represents automakers like Ford, General Motors, Toyota, and Volvo—claimed that the very same standards the automakers had volun-tarily supported just a few years before now reflect what they call an ‘‘extraor-dinary and premature rush to judg-ment.’’ Shortly after Pruitt came into office, the Auto Alliance asked him to revisit the standard. By the way, just before I gave this speech, I googled ‘‘Auto Alliance.’’ I went to their website, and I hit the search engine on it. I typed in ‘‘climate change’’ and hit ‘‘search.’’ Those words ‘‘climate change’’ do not appear on the Auto Alliance’s website, to give you an idea how seriously they take this prob-lem, at least at the trade association level. So the Auto Alliance, when Pruitt came in, asked him to revisit this CAFE standard that their member companies had all agreed to. Pruitt, who, as Oklahoma’s attorney general, had been notoriously compliant to in-dustry, gladly complied. The Auto Alliance has a long history as the trailing edge of the automotive industry, opposing seat belts, opposing air bags, and opposing catalytic con-verters. Now, in the polluter-friendly Trump administration, it sees a tempt-ing chance to sell more gas-guzzlers. But is that smart? Over the long term, does this risk actually consign Amer-ican automakers to global irrelevance? We sell these cars in an international market, so let’s look at what that international market is moving to. Countries around the world have real-ized that the future of the automobile lies not with the gasoline-powered in-ternal combustion engine but with al-ternative sources of power—electricity or hydrogen fuel cells, for instance. By the way, I just got a Chevrolet Bolt, the all-electric car. Not only is that good for the environment, it is a wonderful car to drive. It is a fun car to drive. It is great vehicle. China, the world’s largest car mar-ket, recently announced that by 2025, 20 percent of new cars sold there must run on alternative fuels, and it is on its way to an eventual total ban of the sale of gasoline and diesel-powered cars. That is where the biggest car market in the world is headed. The European Union is the world’s third largest car market. The Nether-lands has announced that starting in 2030, all cars sold must be emissions- free. Belgium is considering a similar measure. France and the United King-dom will ban sales of new gasoline and diesel-powered cars starting in 2040. Norway, while not a member of the EU, is very much part of that European economy. They are even more ambi-tious. By 2025—just over 7 years from now—all new cars sold in Norway must be emissions-free. Moving on to Japan, the world’s fourth largest car market—Japan now has more electric charging stations than it has gas stations. India is the fifth largest car market. It has an-nounced that by 2030, all new cars sold there must be electric or hybrid vehi-cles. So with the entire world moving toward cleaner, newer technology and innovative vehicles, why does this automotive lobby group—the Auto Al-liance—suddenly want to renege on the promise its members made to the American people to raise and abide by those CAFE standards? We should hope that our business leaders would be honorable enough to keep their word. That is a fairly basic proposition. But if the future of the in-dustry lies with ever more fuel-effi-cient cars—hybrids, electric cars, fuel cell cars—why would the auto industry in America be furiously lobbying the Trump administration to go backward? Breaking your word to go backward doesn’t seem to make sense, even from a business point of view. Electric vehicles and alternative fuel vehicles represent the future of the auto industry. China and other coun-tries get this. The Chinese are trying to poach our electrical engineers to de-velop their automotive industry so that it can one day beat ours. Mean-while, executives at our automakers are scheming with Pruitt to head back to the past, to get out of the promise that they made to build more innova-tive, fuel-efficient cars. Investing in the technologies of the future will help ensure that the elec-tric vehicle revolution, which is on our doorstep, doesn’t leave America be-hind, doesn’t leave American innovators behind, doesn’t leave Amer-ican workers behind, and doesn’t leave American automakers behind. A midterm review of these CAFE standards found that the automakers already have the technology to meet the new standard and that the new standard will save money for their cus-tomers. It is to the benefit of their cus-tomers to keep going with the CAFE standards they agreed to. An independent analysis by the non-profit organization CERES found that the CAFE standards provide auto-makers and their suppliers the cer-tainty they need to increase invest-ment in the cleaner technologies that are necessary for the long-term health of the industry, and with that cer-tainty that leads to increased invest-ment, the increased investment leads to jobs. This ought to be a no-brainer. A pol-icy that protects consumers and the environment while promoting innova-tion and making American companies more competitive for the global mar-ket should be something we can all agree on. But there is also a simpler, more old-fashioned principle at stake here: Keep your word. Ford, GM, and the others told the American public that they would com-pete for car buyers’ business by deliv-ering quality, energy-efficient vehicles. That is what they told the American public, and they said it voluntarily. This wasn’t forced down their throats through a regulatory proceeding; this was a voluntary agreement that they signed up for and were enthusiastic about at the time. They should keep their word. Why is that asking too much of American cor-porate leadership? Keep your word. How basic a principle is that? They should stop their trade association lob-bying to water down the CAFE stand-ards promises that they made. It is a recurring problem around here, as many of us have noticed, that the trade association is usually on the trailing edge of the industry; it is like the worst voice of the industry. That is surely the case here, where the trade association for our American auto-makers is trying to get them to set it up so they will break their word to the American people about a promise that they made—a very simple one, which the technology is already there to achieve. Even if you don’t care one whit about climate change, even if you laugh that off, even if you go down the Trump road that it is a Chinese hoax, we still ought to be honoring those CAFE standards for American jobs, for Amer-ican ingenuity, and for American inno-vation. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.027 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8170 December 20, 2017 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
2017 SERGEI MAGNITSKY SANCTIONS LIST Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to take this time to talk about two mat-ters of human rights, which I know the Presiding Officer has been very much engaged with as an active member of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. I want to share this informa-tion with our colleagues. This month marks the fifth anniver-sary of the 2012 Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law and Accountability Act. Today, with the publication of five new sanc-tions designations, the citizens of the Russian Federation—many of whom strive for a future governed by the rule of law—can claim a small victory over oppression. I hope that today’s news provides a semblance of justice for the family of Sergei Magnitsky and those who continue to fight against corrup-tion and human rights abuses across the country. The Magnitsky list now includes 49 names—an important testament to the central importance that accountability and human rights should play in U.S. foreign policy. I think the Members of this body are familiar with the circumstances sur-rounding Sergei Magnitsky’s death. He was a young lawyer in Russia rep-resenting a company. He discovered corruption, and he did what any lawyer should do. He reported it to the au-thorities. As a result, he was arrested. He was tortured, denied medical care, and died in prison. As a result of that, legislation was introduced. I was proud to sponsor it with my good friend Senator M
CCAIN. It was enacted into law, as I said, 5 years ago. It holds those who per-petrate these violations of human rights accountable by denying them the right to visit our country—visa ap-plications—or to use our banking sys-tems. The five additions to this list include Andrei Pavlov, Yulia Mayorova, and Alexei Sheshenya for their roles in the Magnitsky case and Ramzan Kadyrov and Ayub Kataev for gross violations of human rights. I appreciate the work of career officials at the Treasury and State Departments for their work in investigating and designating these important cases. Andrei Pavlov is a Russian lawyer who played a central role orchestrating the false claims used in the $230 mil-lion tax fraud that Sergei Magnitsky uncovered. His addition to the Magnitsky list is long overdue, as he played an essential role in the plot. Yulia Mayorova is the former wife of Pavlov and a Russian lawyer. She also reportedly played a role in helping to facilitate the fraud uncovered by Sergei Magnitsky. Alexei Sheshenia also reportedly played key roles in both the 2006 theft of the $107 million in taxes paid by RenGaz and in the 2007 theft of the $230 million of taxes paid by Hermitage. I understand that in both tax thefts, shell companies beneficially owned by Alexei Sheshenia used forged backdated contracts to obtain judg-ments against companies that paid a significant amount of taxes. Ramzan Kadyrov is a renowned human rights abuser who has brutally run the Republic of Chechnya for more than 10 years. Under his rule, human rights offenders have been murdered, and gay men have disappeared. He has destroyed any semblance of the rule of law in the Republic. Over the course of his time in power, there have been credible allegations of his directing as-sassinations deployed across Russia and Europe. Human rights groups have documented many cases of torture and extrajudicial killings by forces under his control. Ayub Kataev is a prison warden and head of the branch of the Chechen in-ternal affairs ministry. Earlier this year, Chechen authorities reportedly set up concentration camps for gay men under his control. He certainly be-longs on this list. Since 2012, Senator MCCAIN and I have conducted rigorous oversight to ensure robust implementation of the Magnitsky law. In 2016, we wrote to the State Department with certain sugges-tions for inclusions on the list relevant to the death of Sergei Magnitsky. We also expressed concerns that the alle-gations of torture in Chechnya against gay men and other human rights viola-tions in the North Caucasus should be investigated. I am pleased they took action that was responsive to both of our inquiries. I want my colleagues to know that I do believe this administration has con-ducted the review on the Magnitsky list the way it should have been—keep-ing in close contact with Members of the Senate. I think the result speaks to the quality of work that was done in this year’s list. America’s values are our interests. As a country, we must remain stead-fastly committed to the principles em-bedded in the Magnitsky law—account-ability, the rule of law, and respect for human rights. The American people ex-pect U.S. policymakers to advance these principles in all aspects of our diplomatic relations. I welcome today’s announcement and also expect the first publication of the ‘‘Global Magnitsky’’ sanctions designations this week. As the Presiding Officer is well aware, we have recently passed the ‘‘Global Magnitsky’’ law that applies similar standards for human rights vio-lations globally. That list should be made available, we hope, sometime this week. VENEZUELA HUMANITARIAN CRISIS Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, a second subject that I wish to talk about today on human rights deals with the col-lapse in Venezuela. I come to the floor to speak about Venezuela’s growing hu-manitarian tragedy and accelerating economic collapse. Late last June, here on the Senate floor, I described Venezuela as a nearly failed State, where authoritarian lead-ers profit from links to corruption and drug trafficking, while the Venezuelan people are subject to precarious hu-manitarian conditions and human rights abuses. Disturbingly, the situa-tion has only deteriorated since the time I was last on the floor talking about the circumstances. With Venezuela’s humanitarian crisis growing daily, conditions facing Ven-ezuelan children are particularly dire. This week, the New York Times pub-lished a heartbreaking investigation of how Venezuelan children dying of hun-ger. It states: Parents go days without eating, shriveling to the weight of children themselves. Women line up at sterilization clinics to avoid hav-ing children they cannot feed. Boys leave home to join street gangs that scavenge for scraps. . . . Crowds of adults storm dumpsters after restaurants close. Babies die because it is hard to find or afford infant for-mula, even in emergency rooms. 
That is in our hemisphere in Ven-ezuela. The Catholic relief organization Caritas has determined that over 50 percent of the children are suffering from nutritional deficiencies. They project that 280,000 Venezuelan chil-dren could eventually die of hunger without an urgently needed humani-tarian response. As the Venezuelans increasingly suf-fer the ravages of hunger, the country’s hospital system is collapsing. Essential medicines are in short supply, and more than half of the Nation’s oper-ating facilities no longer function or have sufficient supplies. Disturbingly, international relief organizations have found that over 60 percent of the Ven-ezuelan hospitals don’t even have pota-ble water. Amid these crisis conditions, Ven-ezuelan President Maduro repeatedly denies the existence of this country’s humanitarian crisis. He has even taken to the unprecedented step of setting up a party-controlled food distribution system referred to as CLAPS, and his government now uses food as a tool of political patronage. The result is that the United States and our partners in the hemisphere now confront the situation where the Maduro regime would rather see its people go hungry than accept the for-eign assistance the Venezuelans des-perately need. This man-made tragedy is absolutely unacceptable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.028 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8171 December 20, 2017 
Today I have written to Ambassador Nikki Haley, our Ambassador to the United Nations, to urge her to call an emergency special session of the U.N. Security Council to evaluate which United Nations mechanisms, including U.N. Security Council resolutions, should be pursued to alleviate the hu-manitarian suffering inside Venezuela. As humanitarian concerns mount, human rights abuses of Venezuela are rampant. Last month, the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights told the U.N. Security Council that this year Venezuelan security forces ‘‘sys-tematically resorted to the arbitrary detention of more than 5,000 protestors.’’ A more recent report by Human Rights Watch and Foro Penal, a Ven-ezuelan nongovernmental organization, documents how Venezuelan security forces have subjected political oppo-nents to ‘‘torture involving electric shock and asphyxiation.’’ In response, Luis Almagro, the Sec-retary General of the OAS, has con-vened a series of hearings to receive testimony to ascertain whether mem-bers of the Venezuelan Government have committed crimes against hu-manity that should be referred to the International Criminal Court for pros-ecution. These efforts deserve our at-tention and our support. Against this alarming backdrop, we require no explanation for why the United States has received more asy-lum requests from Venezuela than from any other nationality for 2 years straight. These challenges will only grow as Venezuela’s economy continues to col-lapse. The country is in a selective de-fault on its bonds. Hyperinflation and rapid currency devaluation are rav-aging family incomes. This week, the country’s parallel exchange rate reached 12,000 times the official rate, meaning that the average Venezuelan now earns less than $10 a month. The reasons for this collapse are sim-ple. Venezuela’s economy is plagued by endemic corruption and gross mis-management. As this calamity grows, Senators need to be aware that Ven-ezuela will eventually need a major IMF program that may well surpass the $17 billion intervention that Ukraine required in 2014. The inter-national community will have to re-spond, which will also include, of course, the United States. We also need to recognize that Russia and China are now major stakeholders in Venezuela, in our hemisphere, and will be at the table as the international community copes with the pending col-lapse. Russia, in particular, is playing geo-politics with the situation—refinancing Venezuela’s debt, offering loans in re-turn for financial stakes in U.S.-based CITGO, securing stakes in Venezuela’s oil industry, and expanding its influ-ence in our hemisphere. In response to these growing chal-lenges, the Trump administration has applied greater pressure by imposing targeted sanctions against a number of individuals, including President Maduro. With this designation, Presi-dent Maduro has joined the list of no-torious heads of state on U.S. sanction list, including the likes of North Ko-rea’s Kim Jong Un, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Zimbabwe’s former President Robert Mugabe, and Pan-ama’s former President Manuel Noriega. President Trump has also imposed fi-nancial sanctions blocking the issuance of new bonds to fund the Maduro regime’s ongoing repressive and economic mismanagement. The bond market has been one of the last lifelines for the Maduro government. Investors are right to lose trust in Ven-ezuela’s ability to pay its debt. We must recognize, however, that sanctions alone will not resolve the challenges the people of Venezuela are facing. We need a comprehensive strat-egy that utilizes all elements of U.S. diplomacy. We must provide critical foreign assistance to help mitigate the humanitarian crisis and bolster essen-tial support for human rights and democratic civil society. In May I introduced S. 1018, a bipar-tisan bill that lays out a comprehen-sive strategy for U.S. policy. My bill includes humanitarian assistance and funding to protect and promote human rights and democracy. It also includes a more aggressive approach to tackling the endemic corruption. Earlier this month, the House of Rep-resentatives approved its version of this bill. It is time for the Senate to act. While I see an opportunity for bi-partisanship in the Senate on U.S. pol-icy toward Venezuela, I must say that I was alarmed by President Trump’s statement in August about a potential military option. Such cavalier com-ments are not helpful and, once again, call into question whether he has the temperament and judgment for dealing with serious national security chal-lenges. We must rise to the challenge of Ven-ezuela as a great nation, bringing our full diplomatic resources and skills to bear and avoiding stooping to mere saber rattling. I urge our colleagues to take on this challenge, to help the people of Ven-ezuela, who are suffering from this hu-manitarian crisis, and to allow Amer-ica’s entire toolkit to be used to help resolve this problem in our hemisphere. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I rise today concerned about the threats to the special counsel’s critical investiga-tion of Russian interference in the 2016 election. Over the last several weeks, a grow-ing chorus of irresponsible and reckless voices have called for President Trump to shut down Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation. At first, these calls came from the fringes of our political dis-course—those who refuse to put our country and our security before base political instincts. Earlier this year, many of my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle were right to push back on these mis-directed calls and urge that the special counsel be allowed to do his job with-out interference. However, in recent weeks, those voices seem to be growing in stridency and in volume. Just this weekend, one major news organization suggested that Special Counsel Mueller could be involved in a coup against the President. One senior adviser at the White House has now outrageously al-leged that ‘‘the fix was in against Don-ald Trump from the beginning.’’ Those statements are reckless. They are inap-propriate, and they are extremely wor-rying. They are also at odds with the President’s own lawyers who have pledged to cooperate with the special counsel. Beyond being irresponsible, the seem-ingly coordinated nature of these claims should alarm us all—particu-larly since, in recent days, these base-less accusations have been repeated by several Members of the House of Rep-resentatives. I believe it is up to every Member of this institution, Republican or Demo-cratic, to make a clear and unambig-uous statement that any attempt by this President to remove Special Coun-sel Mueller from his position or to par-don key witnesses in any effort to shield them from accountability or shut down the investigation would be a gross abuse of power and a flagrant vio-lation of executive branch responsibil-ities and authorities. These truly are red lines, and we simply cannot allow them to be crossed. Let’s take a moment to remember why Special Counsel Mueller was ap-pointed in the first place and why it re-mains so critical that he be permitted to finish his job without obstruction. Recall, last spring, when we were all reeling from a series of confounding ac-tions by this President, beginning with the firing of FBI Director Jim Comey on May 9. Mr. Comey was fired just 2 months after publicly revealing the FBI’s ongoing investigation of the Trump campaign and—as we would find out later—after several attempts by this President to improperly influence Director Comey. Try to put yourself back into those dangerous days. Director Comey’s dis-missal was met with confusion and widespread condemnation. We needed a stabilizing action from our Nation’s law enforcement leadership. We needed some certainty that the facts would be found and brought to light, regardless of what they were. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.030 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8172 December 20, 2017 
Eight days after Mr. Comey’s firing, Trump appointee and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed Rob-ert Mueller to oversee the investiga-tion into ‘‘any links and/or coordina-tion between the Russian government and individuals associated with the campaign of President Donald Trump’’ and ‘‘any matters that arose or may arise directly from the investigation.’’ His appointment reassured Ameri-cans that there will be a full and thor-ough law enforcement investigation. The announcement was met with sup-port on both sides of the aisle and re-ceived nearly universal praise. In fact, many of the same people who are at-tacking him today praised Mr. Mueller’s appointment just months ago. Indeed, there is much to praise. The fact is, Robert Mueller has impeccable credentials as a man of the law. He has assembled a team that includes some of the Nation’s best investigators, and he is leading the investigation with the professionalism it deserves. Mr. Mueller is a dedicated Vietnam war veteran and a lifelong Republican, appointed to his current role by Dep-uty Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, also a Republican. In fact, all of the major players to date in this investiga-tion—former Director Comey, current FBI Director Rosenstein, and even At-torney General Sessions, who has had to recuse himself—are all Republicans. The charges that some have made that somehow Democratic political bias has crept into this investigation are base-less, given the makeup of the leader-ship team. In recent weeks, much has been made of some political opinions expressed by an FBI agent during the election last year. This specious line of argument conveniently ignores the fact that as soon as Mr. Mueller learned about those comments, he immediately re-moved that agent in question from the investigation. If anything, this inci-dent only adds to Mr. Mueller’s credi-bility as a fair and independent investi-gator. I stand here as the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee. We are in the midst of our own investiga-tion into Russian incursion, and I am proud of the way Chairman B
URR and our committee has taken on this very difficult task. We have made tremendous progress uncovering the facts of Russian inter-ference in our elections. Our commit-tee’s work helped expose the dark un-derbelly of disinformation on many of our social media platforms. We have successfully pressed for the full ac-counting of Russian cyber efforts to target our State electoral systems, and, despite the initial denials of any Russian contacts during the election, this committee’s efforts have helped uncover numerous and troubling high- level engagements between the Trump campaign and Russian affiliates, many of which have only been revealed in re-cent months. We have a lot of work to do. Our committee has gone out of its way to ensure continued bipartisan backing for this effort, and I am committed to seeing the effort through. However, it should be very clear that our com-mittee cannot and will not stand as a substitute for Mr. Mueller’s investiga-tion. As Chairman BURRand I have noted on numerous occasions, the FBI is re-sponsible for determining any criminal activities related to this inquiry. As such, Mueller has already moved to in-dict two individuals and has negotiated two additional guilty pleas. This was an investigative path reserved solely for law enforcement, and it is essential that it be permitted to go on unimpeded. The country no doubt remains se-verely divided on the question of the last election. However, the national se-curity threat facing us today should demand that we rise above partisan dif-ferences. No matter the political di-vide, surely each of us—and all Ameri-cans—should want to know the truth of what happened during last year’s elec-tion, and, no doubt, we want to know that as quickly as possible. The President has long called the in-vestigation into Russian meddling into the 2016 election a witch hunt, and he has done much to discredit the intel-ligence community’s unanimous as-sessment of Russian interference in our election. The failure of this White House to lead a whole-of-government approach to prevent this type of elec-tion interference in the future—either by the Russians or some other adver-sary—defies understanding. The Presi-dent’s refusal to accept the intel-ligence community’s assessment and his blatant disregard for ensuring that Russia never again infiltrates our elec-tion process has been unnerving and cause for significant concern. In recent days, the President has said he is not considering removing Special Counsel Mueller, but the President’s track record on this front is a source of concern. I am certain most of my col-leagues believed he wouldn’t fire Jim Comey either. Firing Mr. Mueller, or any other of the top brass involved in this inves-tigation, would not only call into ques-tion this administration’s commitment to the truth but also to our most basic concept, the rule of law. It also has the potential to provoke a constitutional crisis. In the United States of America, no one—no one—is above the law, not even the President. Congress must make clear to the President that firing the special counsel or interfering with his investigation by issuing pardons of es-sential witnesses is unacceptable and would have immediate and significant consequences. I hope my concerns are unfounded— in many ways, I had hoped I would never have to make this kind of speech—but there are troubling signs. It is critical that all of us, as elected officials and as citizens, speak out against these threats now before it is too late. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND TECH-NOLOGY COMPANIES AND CON-SUMER PROTECTION Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise to deliver the second in a series of floor speeches that I offer as I close out my time in the Senate. This afternoon, I want to talk about Americans’ relationship with tele-communications and technology com-panies and what that means for their access to essential services and for their privacy. When I entered the Senate in July of 2009, then-Majority Leader Harry Reid asked me to serve on the Judiciary Committee. I pointed out that there are a lot of lawyers in the Senate and that I wasn’t one of them, but he said he needed Members with my perspec-tive on the committee. I wondered how my background could possibly serve me on Judiciary, but it did—almost imme-diately—when in December of that year, Comcast announced its intention to acquire NBCUniversal. I happened to know a lot about the effects of media consolidation because I used to work in media. When powerful corporations are permitted to acquire other powerful corporations, it is the American consumers who are left fac-ing higher prices, fewer choices, and even worse service from their tele-communications providers. I ques-tioned why an already powerful com-pany should be allowed to get even big-ger and thus extract more leverage over consumers and the businesses reli-ant on its platform. It was through my work on Comcast and NBCUniversal that I learned about the rising costs of internet, phone, and TV services, as well as the importance of preserving net neutrality. I also be-came interested in how giant tele-communications companies, as well as ever-evolving tech companies, were treating the massive troves of user data they were collecting on a per-petual basis. I believe consumers have a funda-mental right to know what informa-tion is being collected about them. I believe they have a right to decide whether they want to share that infor-mation and with whom they want to share it and when. I believe consumers have a right to expect that companies that store their personal information will store it securely. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.031 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8173 December 20, 2017 
I also believe all Americans deserve affordable access to high-quality tele-communications services—services they depend on to communicate with the world, get an education, and find a job. I believe the internet should re-main the open platform for innovation, economic growth, and freedom of ex-pression it has always been. Perhaps it was the complex nature of these issues or even the financial in-centive to turn a blind eye, but when I came to the Senate, very few Members of Congress were talking about cor-porate consolidation, commercial pri-vacy, or net neutrality—issues that have gained much deserved attention in more recent years. Whatever the reason for other Members’ hesitance, I felt it was incumbent upon me to get into the weeds on these issues so I could be a leader in the Senate and ul-timately address the concerns of ordi-nary Minnesotans. That is why, when the interests of the American consumers have clashed with the desires of powerful tele-communications and technology com-panies, I have always tried to put the public first and to fight on their behalf by shedding light on corporate abuses and using all the tools at my disposal to curb them. Again, it is through my work on the Judiciary Committee—and, more spe-cifically, my work on media and tech-nology policy—that I believe my per-spective from my previous career has been of most value. Comcast’s proposal to acquire NBCU immediately made me uncomfortable because I had seen their motives for this deal before. In 1993, during my 13th season at ‘‘Saturday Night Live,’’ the Big Three networks—NBC, CBS, and ABC—pressured Congress to change the rules that had previously prevented them from owning any of the shows they aired in prime time. The purpose of the rules had been to prevent the networks from prioritizing their own shows over others or otherwise harm-ing competing programming. Unsurprisingly, after the rules were repealed, the networks—contrary to their guarantees and assurances they had given Congress—began giving the shows they owned preferential treat-ment. At the time, ‘‘Seinfeld,’’ which aired on NBC, was not owned by NBC and had been produced before the rules had changed—was the No. 1 show on television, which made the Thursday night timeslot following ‘‘Seinfeld’’ the most valuable real estate on television. I watched as shows that eventually wound up in that premium location were all owned, at least in part, by NBC. So when I became a Senator, one of the first major deals I opposed was Comcast’s acquisition of NBCUniversal. As in the case of AT&T’s current bid to buy Time War-ner, this deal was about giving one company the ability to control both the programming and the pipes that carry it. I knew from my time in media that a combined Comcast- NBCUniversal would have strong incen-tives to favor its own programming over that of others and restrict com-peting distributors from accessing that programming. I knew these incentives would hurt competing content cre-ators, inhibit the free flow of informa-tion, and ultimately harm consumers. Unfortunately, I was not wrong. In the years after its acquisition of NBCUniversal, Comcast repeatedly vio-lated the terms of its agreements with the FCC and the Department of Jus-tice, favoring its own news program-ming over its competitors in Comcast’s channel lineup and failing to live up to its promises regarding offering afford-able standalone broadband, racial di-versity in programming—they did not live up to their promises there—and online video distribution. Because merger conditions are extremely dif-ficult and costly to enforce, competi-tion and consumers were harmed in the process. Comcast’s behavior in the wake of acquiring NBCUniversal was one of the major reasons I then opposed its pro-posal to turn around and buy Time Warner Cable a couple years later. It was also one of the major reasons I be-lieve that later deal was ultimately dropped after objections from the FCC and the Department of Justice. For a long time in the Senate, it was a lonely battle. For over a year, I was the only Senator to oppose Comcast’s proposals to buy Time Warner Cable— a deal that would have given the com-bined company 57 percent of the broadband market—but advocates and ordinary citizens raised their voices, and together we were able to stop the deal. Most recently, I have led my col-leagues in scrutinizing AT&T’s pro-posed acquisition of Time Warner, and I have once again called on regulators to move to block the deal for the inevi-table harm it will cause to competition and consumers. I have been proud to lead these ef-forts, and I leave here in a much dif-ferent environment than when I ar-rived. I know there are strong voices in the Senate that will carry on the fight when I am gone. These efforts to slow down and halt media consolidation are part of a very important, larger development we have seen in our country. In recent years, there has been a resurgence in the American public’s—and, in turn, Congress’s—interest in combating cor-porate consolidation. When I first entered the Senate, I wasn’t sure most Americans under-stood what was at stake when these powerful companies wanted to com-bine. Vertical integration and anti-trust laws sounded like obscure, almost boring, topics, but more and more Americans are getting educated about these issues, and more and more Mem-bers of Congress are working to get Washington focused on how they affect the lives of real people. Just look at the fight for net neu-trality. For many of the same reasons that I opposed Comcast’s acquisition of NBCUniversal, I have long supported strong net neutrality rules to ensure that the internet remains a level play-ing field where everyone can partici-pate on equal footing, free from dis-crimination by large internet service providers like Comcast, Verizon, and AT&T. Net neutrality preserves the internet as the engine for innovation that it has always been and allows businesses of all sizes to thrive—even when they are up against the largest, most profitable corporations. Here is just one example I found useful in explaining net neu-trality: In 2005, three guys set up shop over a pizzeria in a strip mall in San Mateo, CA, where they launched the now-ubiq-uitous YouTube. Video-sharing websites were in their infancy, but these guys already faced competition from something that preceded it called Google Video, but Google Video wasn’t very good. Because of net neutrality, YouTube was able to compete with Google Video on a level playing field. The giant internet service providers treated YouTube’s videos the same as they did Google’s, and Google couldn’t pay them to gain an unfair advantage, like a fast lane into consumer homes. They were treated the same, neu-trally. The content was neutral—net neutrality. People really liked YouTube. They preferred YouTube to Google Video, and YouTube thrived. In fact, in 2006, Google bought it for stock valued at $1.65 billion. That is a nice chunk for three guys over a pizzeria in San Mateo. It is not just tech companies and small businesses that rely on open internet. In a submission to the FCC in 2014, a coalition that includes Visa, Bank of America, UPS, and Ford ex-plained that ‘‘every retailer with an online catalogue, every manufacturer with online product specifications, every insurance company with online claims processing, every bank offering online account management, every company with a website—every busi-ness in America interacting with its customers online is dependent upon an open Internet.’’ I have repeated this quote on the floor and at rallies time and time again over the years because I think it perfectly exemplifies the im-portance of this issue. Preserving net neutrality is only controversial for the few deep-pocketed entities that stand to financially gain without it. If FCC Chairman Pai ultimately has his way, we will be entering a digital world where the powerful outrank the majority, a world where a handful of multibillion-dollar companies have the power to control how users get their information, and a world where the deepest pockets can pay for a fast lane while their competitors stall in the slow lane. For nearly 9 years, I have been call-ing net neutrality the free speech issue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.036 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8174 December 20, 2017 
of our time because it embraces our most basic constitutional freedoms. And ironically, the kind of civic par-ticipation that has aspired so many of us in recent months—and has effected real change, like in the fight for net neutrality and the successful efforts to save the Affordable Care Act—has de-pended in no small part on a free and open internet. In 2015, the FCC’s vote to reclassify broadband providers as common car-riers under title II of the Communica-tions Act didn’t just mean good things for net neutrality; it also had impor-tant implications for consumer pri-vacy. It gave the agency the authority and the responsibility to implement rules to protect Americans’ privacy by giving consumers greater control of their personal data that is collected and used by their broadband providers. That was a big win. Republicans didn’t see it that way. One of the first things they did this Congress was to repeal those rules, which was a huge blow to Americans’ right to privacy. For my part, I have long believed that Americans have a fundamental right to privacy. I believe they deserve both transparency and accountability from the companies that have the ca-pacity to trade on the details of their lives. And should they choose to leave personal information in the hands of those companies, they certainly de-serve to know that their information is being safeguarded to the greatest de-gree possible. This transparency and accountability should come from all the companies that have access to Americans’ sensitive information. This includes internet service providers like Comcast and AT&T but also edge pro-viders like Google, Facebook, and Amazon. In 2011, I served as chair for the inau-gural hearing of the Judiciary Sub-committee on Privacy, Technology and the Law—a subcommittee that I found-ed after it became abundantly clear that our Nation’s privacy laws had failed to keep pace with rapidly evolv-ing technologies. When people talked about protecting their privacy when I was growing up, they were talking about protecting it from the government. They talked about unreasonable searches and sei-zures, about keeping the government out of their bedrooms. They talked about whether the government was trying to keep tabs on the books they read or the rallies they attended. Over the last 40 or 50 years, we have seen a fundamental shift in who has our infor-mation and what they are doing with it. That is not to say that we still shouldn’t be worried about protecting ourselves from government abuses, but now we also have relationships with large corporations that are obtaining, storing, sharing and in many cases sell-ing enormous amounts of our personal information. When the Constitution was written, the Founders had no way of antici-pating the new technologies that would evolve in the coming centuries. They had no way of anticipating the tele-phone, for example, and so the Su-preme Court ruled over 40 years ago that a wiretap constitutes a search under the Fourth Amendment. The Founders had no idea that one day the police would be able to remotely track your movements through a GPS device, and so the Supreme Court ruled in 2012 that this was also a search that re-quired court approval. All of this is a good thing. Our laws need to reflect the evolution of technology and changing expectations of American society. This is why the Constitution is often called a living document. But we have a long way to go to get to the point where our modern laws are in line with modern technology. My goal for the subcommittee was to help members understand both the ben-efits and privacy implications of emerging technologies; to educate the public and raise awareness about how their data is being collected, used, and shared; and, if necessary, to legislate to fill gaps in the law. When politics prevented legislation, I repeatedly pressed companies—many of them more than once—to be more trans-parent about how they were treating their customers’ private information, including users’ location data, web- browsing histories, and even their fin-ger and face prints. As consumer awareness has evolved, these companies have taken important steps to improve transparency of their use of Americans’ personal informa-tion. But unfortunately, accumulating massive troves of information isn’t just a side project they can choose to halt at any given time; for many of them, it is their whole business model. We are not their customers; we are their prod-uct. Recently, we have seen just how scary this business model can be. In October of this year, the Judiciary Committee examined Russia’s manipu-lation of social media during the 2016 campaign, and both the public and Members of Congress were shocked to learn the outsized role that the major tech companies play in so many as-pects of our lives, based primarily on the mass collection of personal infor-mation and complex algorithms that are shrouded in secrecy. Not only do these companies guide what we see, read, and buy on a regular basis, but their dominance—specifically in the market of information—now requires that we consider their role in the in-tegrity of our democracy. Unfortu-nately, this fall’s hearings dem-onstrated that they may not be up to the challenge that they have created for themselves. The size of these companies is not— in isolation—the problem, but I am ex-tremely concerned about these plat-forms’ use of Americans’ personal in-formation to further solidify their mar-ket power and consequently extract unfair conditions from the content cre-ators and innovators who rely on their platforms to reach consumers. As has become alarmingly clear in recent months, companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon have unprece-dented power to guide Americans’ ac-cess to information and potentially shape the future of journalism. It should go without saying that such power comes with great responsibility. Everyone is currently and rightfully focused on Russian manipulation of so-cial media, but as lawmakers, it is in-cumbent upon us to ask the broader questions: How did big tech come to control so many aspects of our lives? How is it using our personal informa-tion to strengthen its reach and its bottom line? Are these companies en-gaging in anticompetitive behavior that restricts the free flow of informa-tion in commerce? Are they failing to take simple precautions to respect our privacy and to protect our democracy? And finally, what role should these companies play in our lives, and how do we ensure transparency and ac-countability from them going forward? Modern technology has fundamen-tally altered the way we live our lives, and it has given us extraordinary bene-fits. As these companies continue to grow and evolve, challenges like those we have recently confronted in the Ju-diciary Committee will only grow and evolve with them. So we must now muster the will to meaningfully ad-dress the tough questions related to competition, privacy, and ultimately the integrity of our democracy. I will not be here to ask those ques-tions. I will do what I can to find the answers from the outside, but it is my colleagues in the Senate who must prioritize them going forward. There is simply too much at stake. I know that they will do so with the help of a tire-less advocacy community and the bril-liant minds who have long con-templated these incredibly complex issues and ensured that lawmakers pay attention. And more importantly, they will do so with the support and encour-agement of the American people. I have witnessed significant highs and significant lows in the fight to pro-tect consumers’ rights, but the most important lesson I have learned along the way is that ordinary Americans can wield extraordinary power when they raise their voices. For this reason and despite significant setbacks in re-cent months, I know that it is the public’s interests that can ultimately prevail. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.038 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8175 December 20, 2017 
REPUBLICAN TAX BILL AND AD-DRESSING THE NEEDS OF THE MIDDLE CLASS Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I un-derstand that my Republican col-leagues and President Trump are busy celebrating the passage of the tax bill that was voted on at 1:30 in the morn-ing. They are very excited, and they are very happy about it. I understand that. I guess, if one is a billionaire like President Trump or is a wealthy cam-paign contributor, you do have a whole lot to celebrate. Maybe, if you are 1 of the 6,000 lobbyists here in Washington, DC, who helped to write the bill, you are celebrating a lot today. Yet, if you are one of the vast majority of the American people who is in the middle class, you should not be celebrating today. In fact, you should be pretty nervous. The passage of this legislation marks a great victory for the Koch brothers and other wealthy campaign contribu-tors who will see, at a time of massive income and wealth inequality, huge tax breaks for themselves. In other words, the wealthiest people will become much wealthier. Meanwhile, the def-icit—what is owed by our kids and our grandchildren—will increase by $1.5 trillion as a result of this bill. The largest and most profitable corpora-tions—companies like Apple, Micro-soft, Pfizer, and General Electric—de-spite record breaking profits, are going to see very, very large tax breaks to the tune of many billions of dollars. Now, at a time when the very wealthy are becoming much richer, tens of millions of American families are struggling to keep their heads above water economically. There are 40 million Americans who are living in poverty. The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center tells us that in terms of this legislation, 83 percent of the tax bene-fits will go to the top 1 percent by the end of the decade, who are already doing phenomenally well, and that 60 percent of the benefits will go to the top one-tenth of 1 percent. Meanwhile, at the end of 10 years, some 92 million middle-class households will be paying more in taxes. On top of all of that, as the only Na-tion—major country—on Earth not to guarantee healthcare to all people, this bill will result in 13 million Americans losing their health insurance. I under-stand the President was really excited about this. Hey, what a great day. There are 13 million more Americans who are losing their health insurance when we are the only major country on Earth not to guarantee healthcare to all people. In the ending of the individual man-date, what all of the experts tell us is that our healthcare premiums will go up. If you are an average person out there, your healthcare premiums will very likely go up as a result of this leg-islation. Meanwhile, starting next year—I am not talking about 10 years from now—some 8 million middle-class families will pay more in taxes. Doesn’t it say a lot about Republican priorities when they make permanent the tax breaks for corporations; yet they make temporary the tax breaks for working families, which will expire in 8 years? Furthermore, I would hope that every American is listening closely to what Speaker of the House P
AULRYAN is talking about. I have to give R
YAN credit for being pretty honest about the intentions of the Republican Party. Just this morning, he was on ABC, say-ing what he has said for quite a while, and that is that the Republican plan is a two-step approach. Step No. 1 is pass-ing the legislation that passed last night here and today in the House. Step No. 2 is, having run up a deficit of $1.5 trillion, they are now going to come back and offset that deficit by making massive cuts to Social Secu-rity, Medicare, and Medicaid. According to R
YAN, they have a two- step program. Step No. 1 is to give massive tax breaks to the rich and large corporations and to run up the deficit by $1.5 trillion. Step No. 2 is to offset that deficit by cutting Social Se-curity, Medicare, and Medicaid. How unspeakable and outrageous is this plan? How much does it go against what the American people want? This gives huge tax breaks to billionaires— to the Trump family, to the Koch brothers—and then pays for those tax breaks by cutting Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. There are millions of senior citizens and people with disabilities in Vermont and all across this country who, today, are struggling to buy food, to heat their homes, and to buy the prescrip-tion drugs that they need because they are trying to survive on $12,000, $13,000, $14,000 a year in Social Security. There are people who have worked their en-tire lives and have exhausted them-selves as they approach retirement. Do not tell those people who live on $12,000, $13,000 a year in Social Security that you are going to cut their benefits through a Chained CPI or by some other mechanism in order to give tax breaks to billionaires. How outrageous that would be. Don’t tell older workers—many of them with health problems after their having worked 20, 30, 40 years—that you are going to give billions of dollars in tax breaks to Microsoft, Pfizer, or General Electric, but then you are going to ask them to work more years in order to be eligible for Medicare. I understand that every Member of the Congress would like to go home for the holiday season, and so would I. This is the time of year during which Vermont is very, very beautiful. The truth is that it would really be uncon-scionable for us to leave Washington after giving tax breaks to billionaires and large corporations while we ignore the enormous problems that are facing the middle class and working families of our country. When Donald Trump ended the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, the DACA Program, nearly 800,000 lives were thrown into chaos and uncertainty. Without the legal pro-tections afforded by the DACA Pro-gram, hundreds of thousands of young people today are living in terrible fear and anxiety about losing the legal sta-tus they currently have in the only country they have ever known. These are young people who grew up in the United States, went to school in the United States, are working in the United States, and are in our military. This is their home. It would be un-speakable to take away their legal sta-tus and subject them to deportation. Since the President’s announcement in September, more than 11,000 people have already lost their protections under DACA, with approximately 22,000 set to lose their legal protections by the March 5, 2018, deadline. These are hundreds of thousands of wonderful young people. We cannot turn our backs on them. We must deal with DACA before we leave for the holiday break. Any end-of-the-year spending agreement must address the fear and uncertainty caused by the administra-tion’s reckless actions, and a clean Dream Act must be signed into law. This is not just what B
ERNIE SANDERS  wants; this is what the American peo-ple in overwhelming numbers want. A Quinnipiac poll came out just the other day in which 77 percent of the Amer-ican people supported maintaining legal status for these young people and allowing them to move forward toward citizenship—77 percent—and that is consistent with other polls that have been taken. A vast majority of Demo-crats, Republicans, and Independents understand that it would be incredibly cruel and harmful to our country in so many ways to deny legal status to the Dreamers. We cannot turn our backs on the Dreamers. We must address their crisis right now. It has been almost 3 months since funding for community health centers has lapsed. Our Nation’s 1,400 commu-nity health centers serve more than 27 million people in roughly 10,000 com-munities throughout the country. In my home State of Vermont, one out of four Vermonters gets their primary healthcare, dental care, low-cost pre-scription drugs, and mental health counseling at a community health cen-ter. How does it happen that the Repub-lican leadership can spend months on a bill to give tax breaks to billionaires but not address the lack of funding, the reauthorization of the Community Health Centers Program or the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, which provides healthcare to 9 million children? In this country, there are 1.5 million workers and retirees in multi-employer pension plans who could see the pen-sions that they worked for over their entire lives cut by up to 60 percent. People were promised these pensions a few years ago, and in a disastrous act, Congress took away that promise, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.040 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8176 December 20, 2017 
working people could lose the pensions they were promised by up to 60 percent cuts in those pensions. Congress needs to act before the end of the year to make sure that no one in America in a multi-employer pension plan will see their pension cut. Those are real issues impacting real people, but there are more. There was an article recently in the Washington Post, and it said that because of major cuts to the Social Security Adminis-tration, people with disabilities are not getting their claims processed in a timely manner. The result was that in 1 year, if you can believe it, 10,000 peo-ple with disabilities died before they got their claims processed. What the Republicans have been very active on is making sure that the So-cial Security Administration does not get the funding it needs, which means that it is harder for people who have retired and people who have disabil-ities to get the information they need or the claims that they have processed in a timely manner. We must make sure that every senior and person with a disability gets treated with dignity. We have to restore adequate funding to the Social Security Administration. One of the great outrages that cur-rently is taking place in this country and really is quite beyond belief is that at a time when we live in a competitive global economy and when we need the best educated workforce in the world to be able to do the new jobs that are being created, which require more edu-cation, we have over 40 million people in our country who have left college or graduate school in debt and sometimes deeply in debt. I am talking about peo-ple I have met who have gone to med-ical school or dental school and are $300,000 or $400,000 in debt. People grad-uate college $100,000 or $150,000 in debt. This is a crisis that is impacting mil-lions of people. It is impacting our en-tire economy. It is an issue that must be addressed. Maybe, just maybe, be-fore we give tax breaks to billionaires, we might want to significantly lower the debt burden so many people in this country have in their student debt. This is the year 2017, soon to be 2018. This is the wealthiest country in the history of the world. Yet there are communities in Vermont, Utah, and communities all over this country that do not have adequate broadband serv-ice. How does a business start up in a community if that community does not have rapid broadband or good cell phone service? The answer is, it doesn’t. It can’t. That is one of the rea-sons why rural America is hurting so badly. We must invest in rural infra-structure to make sure every commu-nity in this country has quality, af-fordable broadband. There is an opioid epidemic sweeping this country, impacting Vermont, my neighboring State of New Hampshire, West Virginia, Kentucky, and all parts of this country are seeing people dying from overdoses from opioids and her-oin. This is an epidemic that must be addressed. We can’t simply walk out of here and leave people all across the country without the resources they need to treat people who are addicted and to prevent our young people from becoming addicts. We need to invest in treatment and prevention for the opioid epidemic. As we speak, there are over 30,000 va-cancies in the Veterans’ Administra-tion. That means that we have to make sure every veteran in this country who goes to the VA gets the quality and timely healthcare he or she needs. We can’t turn our backs on the veterans. We have to invest in the VA. The bottom line is that, as much as all of us would like to get out of Wash-ington and go home, we simply cannot turn our backs on tens of millions of working people and people in the mid-dle class. It is not good enough to pass tax breaks for billionaires and then leave town. So I hope the Republican leadership will immediately bring to this floor the legislation that we need to address the many crises facing the middle class of this country. With that Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARK E. MILLER Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Mark E. Miller, for his distinguished public service and profes-sional assistance to the Senate Finance Committee, as well as to the rest of Congress. Mr. Miller served as the executive di-rector of the Medicare Payment Advi-sory Commission, or MedPAC, for the last 15 years. During that time, he dedicated himself to our country, en-suring Congress received impartial, data-driven, and sound policy advice to transform the Medicare Program while protecting our Nation’s seniors and the disabled. MedPAC was established by Congress in 1997 as part of the Balanced Budget Act. It is a nonpartisan agency that provides analysis and policy rec-ommendations regarding the Medicare Program, including payment, bene-ficiary access to care, and quality of care for traditional fee-for-service Medicare and Medicare Advantage. As all of us know, the analysis we get from MedPAC is critical in how we, as Members of Congress, debate, address changes, and ultimately make im-provements to the Medicare Program. Throughout his service, Mr. Miller ensured that MedPAC consistently ful-filled its mission of providing objec-tive, empirically driven policy analysis and advice to Congress. Mr. Miller himself also testified, an-swered calls, and otherwise provided invaluable advice on complicated Medi-care payment issues to both majority and minority leaders, Finance Com-mittee chairmen and ranking mem-bers, as well as other committee mem-bers, and other Member offices regard-ing all things healthcare. Throughout his years of service, Mr. Miller has proven himself a trusted source of ob-jective information. Mr. Miller gave years of his life, in-cluding countless long nights, week-ends, and early mornings to make sure Congress has the best and most reliable information it can get. In turn, that analysis has guided many ideas and recommendations into legislation that made its way to a President’s desk for signature. Mr. Miller’s professionalism, expertise, energy, patience, humor, and dedication make him an example to all of us as we work the process of design-ing and ultimately enacting legisla-tion. Mark has been there from the be-ginning, watching an idea being born, helping to develop policy to achieve that idea, and providing valuable pol-icy counsel as it works its way through the legislative process to ultimately becoming law. Thanks to his sense of purpose, dedi-cation, and love for this country, Mr. Miller should be seen as just as much an influence on our current Medicare policy as most Members in this body. Mark is a consummate professional, and he will be missed. I wish him all the very best as he takes the next steps in his successful career. May we ever remember Mark’s serv-ice, and may MedPAC ever be guided by the same sense of duty and purpose Mr. Miller instilled in his 15 years lead-ing that organization. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEVE JOHNSON Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, Cesar Chavez, the great champion of justice and human dignity, once offered this advice about friendship: He said; ‘‘If you really want to make a friend, go to someone’s house and eat with him. . . . The people who give you their food give you their heart.’’ The Senate Dining Room isn’t Steve Johnson’s house, but for the 22 years that he has worked there, Steve has poured his heart into his job, and he has become a friend—or at least a friendly face—to Senators, our fami-lies, staff members, and visitors. As general manager of the Senate Dining Rooms and two other eateries in the Capitol, Steve works hard to cre-ate places where people who might not normally talk to each other can sit down at adjoining tables, eat a meal, and maybe swap stories or jokes. In the Senate Dining Room, with its white linen table cloths and crystal chandeliers, you might see Republican and Democratic Senators and staff members asking after each other’s families. In the refectory on the first floor, reporters and visitors to the Cap-itol stand in line together to grab a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.041 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8177 December 20, 2017 
quick bite. Downstairs, in the carry-out, you can find the whole Capitol family, as Steve calls them; ‘‘the white collars, the blue collars, the green col-lars, and the Capitol Police,’’ all eating together. It is a little like stepping back into a better, less partisan time. On Friday, December 22, Steve John-son is leaving the Senate. He is retir-ing. Before he does, I want to take a moment to thank Steve for his many years of good and loyal service to the Senate. Until 1995, when Steve began working as a maitre d’ in the Senate Dining Room, he had never seen the inside of the U.S. Capitol, but he had seen the outside of this magnificent building many times. You see, Steve grew up in Freehold, NJ, home of ‘‘The Boss,’’ Bruce Springsteen. He was one of six kids. His mom trained as a nurse, and his dad was a director of a YMCA. In 1963, Steve’s Dad, Herbert, at-tended the March on Washington, where Martin Luther King gave his ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ speech. The experience made a profound impression. During Steve’s childhood and teen years, whenever there was a big march or rally in Washington, the whole Johnson family—mom, dad, and six kids—would pile into the family sta-tion wagon, drive to Washington, DC, for the day, and drive back to Freehold that night. During those childhood trips, Steve developed a reverence for this building. After 22 years of working here, he still has it. He is still awed when he sees the Capitol dome gleaming in the sun as he arrives at work, or sees the Capitol Christmas tree lit up at night. It is a feeling that many of us share. Steve started his career in food serv-ice nearly 40 years ago, shortly after he graduated from Glassboro State Col-lege in New Jersey with a bachelor’s degree in business administration. He went to work at a restaurant in his hometown. A few years later, he and a business partner took over running a more than 200-year-old inn, the Liberty Tavern, in New Jersey’s capitol city of Trenton. They gave it their best try, with clever marketing and a hard-working staff, but couldn’t make good of it. Fortunately for us, Steve’s wife, Jo-anne, took a job with the Federal Gov-ernment in Washington, and Steve made the move with her. Before the Senate, he worked at the Mayflower Hotel, another Washington legend. As I mentioned, he started in the Senate Dining Room as maitre d’ and worked his way up to assistant general manager and finally general manager. He works incredibly hard, from early in the morning until evening or later. With his calm demeanor, he makes a tough job look almost easy. That calm may have something to do with the fact that Steve is a dedicated marathon runner. He has run 18 mara-thons, including seven Boston Mara-thons. He is a modest man in a sea of big egos, a scrupulously nonpartisan man in era of sharp partisan lines. He and his dedicated staff are important mem-bers of the Senate family. There is a line in a Bruce Springsteen song where Bruce says, ‘‘I’m ready to grow young again.’’ Sadly, none of us can actually do that. But Steve has decided that he is ready to be a rookie again and try something completely new and dif-ferent. In this next chapter of his life, he will work as a volunteer literacy tutor for adults who speak English as a Second Language. It is another way, I think, of making people feel at home and cared for, something that Steve Johnson is so good at. In closing, I want to thank Steve again for his many years of service to the Senate, and I want to wish Steve and Joanne the very best of luck as they start this new chapter in their lives. 
f 
HONDURAS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, on Mon-day, the head of the Honduras Supreme Electoral Tribunal declared Juan Or-lando Hernandez the next President of Honduras. Shortly thereafter, the Sec-retariat of the Organization of Amer-ican States, one of the principal inter-national observers, announced that it could not certify the election as free and fair and called for a new election. Yesterday, after his top advisers re-buked the OAS for infringing on Honduras’s sovereignty, President Her-nandez, stating that ‘‘the Honduran people have spoken,’’ declared himself President-elect. On December 5, I spoke at length about the Honduran election, and I have made several statements since then. I will not repeat what I and many others have already said about the troubling process orchestrated by President Hernandez and his associates over the past several years to lay the groundwork for his reelection for an unprecedented second Presidential term, nor about the many irregular-ities that have caused masses of people to take to the streets in protest since the vote on November 26. As of today, at least 12 protesters, and perhaps as many as 20, have been killed and many more injured, mostly from military po-lice firing live ammunition. I was dis-appointed that, in his speech yester-day, President Hernandez made no mention of those tragic deaths. As we await the Trump administra-tion’s decision on whether to support the OAS’s call for a new election or ac-cept President Hernandez’ claim to a second term, I want to make three points. First, if this flawed election had been held in a country not led by a Presi-dent whose consolidation of power and reliance on the military and police have had the strong backing of the White House and the State Depart-ment, it is doubtful that it would be accepted as free and fair. Instead, the White House, which has been willing to excuse the Hernandez government’s corruption scandals and crackdown on the press and civil society, would like-ly be calling for a recount or, if the in-tegrity of the ballots could not be as-sured, a new election. Second, the OAS deserves the thanks of people throughout this hemisphere for the role it has played as an impar-tial observer and for standing up for a free and fair election in Honduras at a time when democratic processes, free-dom of expression and association, and independent judiciaries are threatened not only in Honduras but in many parts of Latin America. Next year, Presidential and Parliamentary elec-tions are scheduled in many countries in Central and South America, and the OAS, which has been a strong defender of democracy and human rights in Ven-ezuela, has a vital role to play in seek-ing to ensure that those elections meet international standards of fairness and transparency. It is therefore particu-larly important and reassuring that the OAS Secretariat has insisted on such standards in Honduras by calling for a new election, and it is just as im-portant that the United States stands with the OAS at this time. Third, it is ultimately for the people of Honduras to decide what kind of a government they want and whether to accept the result declared by the Su-preme Electoral Tribunal, which has little credibility outside of President Hernandez’s National Party. It is clear that the country is sharply divided po-litically, socially, and economically. Absent an electoral process that is widely accepted as free and fair, that divisiveness will imperil the progress that is urgently needed in combating poverty, violence, organized crime, cor-ruption, and impunity that pose im-mense challenges for the future. But the international community and particularly the people of this hemisphere also have a stake in this election and in Honduras’s future. In the past decade alone, the United States has provided many hundreds of millions of dollars in aid to Honduras, much of which I supported, but that aid has not achieved the results that the Honduran people and we wanted, and the reason for that, I believe, is primarily because successive Honduran Governments were not serious about addressing many of the key problems I have mentioned, yet the aid kept flow-ing. Unfortunately, I am not convinced that the current government is suffi-ciently serious about this, either. Honduras today desperately needs a freely and fairly elected leader who can unite the country. Unfortunately, this election lacked the conditions of fair-ness and transparency necessary to produce that result. If a new election is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE6.013 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8178 December 20, 2017 
held under such conditions, it is en-tirely possible that President Her-nandez may win—or he may not. But for him, or any candidate, to obtain the mandate required to unite the country and make a credible case that his government is a deserving partner of the United States, it will need to be by rejecting the serious flaws of this election and demonstrating to all the people of Honduras and this hemi-sphere what real democracy looks like. I ask unanimous consent that today’s Bloomberg View editorial calling for a new democratic election in Honduras be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
THEU.S. S HOULD BACKNEWELECTIONS IN  H
ONDURAS  (By James Gibney and Michael Newman) 
LATIN AMERICA NEEDS TO START ITS BIG  
ELECTION YEAR ON THE RIGHT FOOT  There is only one way out of Honduras’s deepening political crisis, and that is a new presidential election. It’s a solution the U.S., with its long history in Latin America, should help bring about—although it would help if it had an ambassador there. The certification this week of incumbent President Juan Orlando Hernandez’s con-tested victory in last month’s election has brought Hondurans into the streets, con-tinuing a wave of violent demonstrations that have claimed at least 24 lives. It comes after a deeply flawed ballot-counting process that included long delays, after which Her-nandez’s early deficit mysteriously dis-appeared. (The final tally put him ahead by about 1.5 percent.) The vote was denounced by numerous observers—including the Orga-nization of American States, which has called for new elections. Yet the U.S., which has no ambassador in Tegucigalpa or an assistant secretary of State for the hemisphere, has been only mildly critical. When Hernandez’s victory was certified, it urged opposing political par-ties to ‘‘raise any concerns they may have.’’ And just after the disputed election, the State Department renewed aid to Honduras— a move widely interpreted as tacit support for Hernandez. Hernandez has won friends in Washington with his willingness to crack down on crime and illegal migration to the U.S., and his in-vestor-friendly policies. At the same time, his administration has been responsible for ugly human rights abuses and been impli-cated in several high-profile corruption scan-dals. Moreover, he has extended his tenure only by packing Honduras’s Supreme Court to lift the country’s one-term limit for presi-dents. The head of the court responsible for certifying election results is one of Hernan-dez’s close allies. Even before last month’s flawed vote, Hon-duras was notable for the lack of popular confidence in its electoral mechanisms. And if it’s stability that Washington seeks, these disputed results don’t promise to achieve it. Protracted unrest will only make fighting drugs and illegal migration harder. The contrast between the OAS and the U.S. could also hurt U.S. influence and credi-bility. The U.S. has rightly supported the OAS in its efforts to hold Venezuela account-able for its electoral crimes. If it fails to do the same in Honduras, it risks setting a dan-gerous double standard. This would be espe-cially damaging in a year when nearly two out of three Latin Americans are scheduled to go to the polls. As the administration’s just-released Na-tional Security Strategy says, ‘‘Stable, friendly, and prosperous states in the West-ern Hemisphere enhance our security and benefit our economy.’’ The best way to en-sure that Honduras becomes one is to sup-port free, transparent and fair elections. f NOMINATION OBJECTION Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I in-tend to object to any unanimous con-sent requests at the present time relat-ing to the nominations of David J. Ryder, of New Jersey, to be Director of the Mint, and of Isabel Marie Keenan Patelunas, of Pennsylvania, to be As-sistant Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, Department of the Treasury. I will object because the Department of the Treasury has failed to respond to a letter I sent on September 29, 2017, to a bureau within the Department seek-ing documents relevant to an ongoing investigation by the Senate Committee on the Judiciary. Despite several phone calls between committee staff and Treasury personnel to prioritize par-ticular requests within that letter, the Treasury Department has to date failed to provide any documents. My objection is not intended to ques-tion the credentials of Mr. Ryder or Ms. Patelunas in any way. However, the Department must recognize that it has an ongoing obligation to respond to congressional inquiries in a timely and reasonable manner. 
f 
ARCTIC NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, in 2008, the Senate took up the question of whether to drill in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. I wasn’t here at the time, but I remember the issue prompt-ed a rigorous debate. The Senate spent months on the topic. Experts weighed in, and the American people had a chance to share their views in a fairly open process. It is worth pausing to recall the con-text for that discussion. In 2008, Amer-ica produced nearly 7 million barrels of oil a day and imported another 12 mil-lion. The price of oil was roughly $150 a barrel. There was talk about the world hitting ‘‘peak oil.’’ In that context, one side claimed that drilling in the Arctic Refuge was needed to boost domestic production, reduce foreign imports, and lower prices at the pump. The other side countered that any economic benefit from drilling was far outweighed by the need to preserve the Arctic Refuge, a jewel of our public lands, a vital habi-tat for wildlife, and a sacred place for the Gwich’in people—a place so sacred they are reluctant to even enter it. In the end, after weighing the facts and considering the costs, 56 Senators, included 6 Republicans, voted to pro-tect the Arctic Refuge from drilling. That was 2008. Now fast forward to 2017. The Arctic Refuge remains a jewel of our public lands. It remains a vital habitat for so many flora and fauna. It remains a sacred place for local tribes, and one of America’s most spectacular wild places. The case for preservation has not changed. By contrast, the case for drilling has never been weaker. Compared to 2008, domestic oil production has nearly doubled. Oil imports are down 22 per-cent. The price of oil has fallen 50 per-cent. Terminals we built to import oil and gas are now being used to export oil and gas. For all these reasons, unlike 2008, oil companies are not clamoring for more opportunities to drill. Just last week, oil companies had the chance to bid on 10.3 million acres open for drilling in Alaska. In the end, less than 1 percent of the land was leased. Think about that. We are not even using all of the land now available for drilling in Alaska. It defies reason that we would open up even more, especially in a place as treasured as the Arctic Refuge. All of this is to say that, if it made little sense to drill in 2008, it makes no sense to drill now. So it should surprise no one that the other side doesn’t want a real debate. That is why they tucked this into their massive tax bill, hoping to sneak it in under the hood. Their justification? We need revenue from the oil to pay down the deficit that we are creating with this tax bill. There are two problems with that. First, the Congressional Budget Office found that, because of low demand, rev-enue from drilling would be far less than projected, potentially hundreds of millions less. Second, the only reason we are hav-ing this conversation is because the other side wants to spend $1.4 trillion on tax cuts for corporations and the wealthiest Americans. Consider this: Their plan spends $37 billion to give an average tax cut of $64,000 to those lucky enough to make over $1 million a year. To help pay for that, we are about to drill in one of the most stunning places in America. I am not opposed to oil and gas pro-duction. We need transition fuels as we move toward low-carbon, renewable en-ergy. I also recognize that, for many small towns across America, the oil and gas sector is a rare source of steady, high-paying jobs. In Colorado, we have managed to in-crease energy production to meet our growing demand. But we have done so in a way that protects our public lands and creates jobs, for those in oil and gas and our thriving outdoor economy. We have found a way for all sides to win. If my colleagues from Alaska want to increase energy production, create jobs, and spur growth, I stand ready to help, but let’s not pretend that drilling in the Arctic Refuge is the only way to do that. There are places in America where you can set up an oil rig, lay down 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE6.017 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8179 December 20, 2017 
roads, and run pipelines in responsible way. The Arctic Refuge is not one of those places. It is a treasure we should leave for our children, not a place to drill for no good reason. Sadly, the Senate voted to allow drilling in the Arctic Refuge when it took up the broader tax bill. For every American who opposed this move, know that this isn’t over. Senator M
ARKEY and I have authored a bill, which now has 41 cosponsors, that would shield the Arctic Refuge from drilling. So I urge everyone to keep fighting, to keep speaking out for America’s public lands, which are the envy of the world, to keep standing up for the beautiful places in America we must pass on to the next generation, as our parents and grandparents did for us. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAPTAIN LUDVIG K. TANDE Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President: I wish to pay tribute to a member of my staff, Kris Tande, who is retiring from the Senate at the end of this year. This is not the first time he has retired from public service as retired Navy Capt Ludvig K. Kris Tande spent a career as a naval aviator prior to working for several legislators from the State of Florida. Captain Tande currently serves as my senior State military director, and I am the fourth Florida Senator to have had Captain Tande help me rep-resent northwest Florida. Starting in 1998, Captain Tande served as regional director for Senator Connie Mack, later serving in the same position for Senators Mel Martinez and George LeMieux. Former Congressman Jeff Miller tapped Captain Tande as his dis-trict director from 2001–2005. Captain Tande has served the constituents of Northwest Florida for the past 19 years, a term that notably included the 2005 Base Realignment and Closure Commission, which saw Florida gain vital military missions such as the re-location of 7th Special Forces Group from North Carolina and the standup of multiservice F–35 Joint Strike Fighter training at Eglin Air Force Base. Dur-ing my time, when our country lost one of its brave troops, Captain Tande helped connect me with the families to whom we owed a great debt. When dis-aster struck, Captain Tande was in-strumental in assisting Floridians ad-versely affected by the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill that resulted in sub-stantial economic damage in northwest Florida. Former Senator Mel Martinez has this to say about Kris: ‘‘Captain Tande was one of the most valued members of my Senate staff. My service in the Sen-ate came at the beginning of the ‘War on Terror’. Kris provided me valuable insight into the military issues we were confronting. He particularly helped me to understand the plight of military families impacted by long de-ployments, and the physical cost of war on our troops. He was much more than a regional representative. He was an integral part of my Senate life. Kris became a friend and trusted advisor and was a genuine pleasure to know. My visits to the Panhandle were al-ways great because of good, cheerful company and a car full of snacks! Cap-tain, enjoy a well-earned retirement and thank you for your many years of dedicated service to our country.’’ For many people, this could be con-sidered a full career. For Kris Tande, this was his second act. Captain Tande was designated a Naval aviator in 1970 and subsequently flew 4,000 hours in helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft and deployed on several aircraft carriers. He is a plankowner of the amphibious ship USS Wasp LHD–1. Tande held sev-eral commands, most notably as com-manding officer Naval Air Station Whiting Field, 1993–1995, in Milton, FL, and commander Training Wing Five (1995). His flight helmet sits in the re-constructed NAS Cubi Point Officers’ Club, originally in the Republic of the Philippines, now at the National Naval Aviation Museum in Pensacola, FL. As he leaves the service of his coun-try and heads into retirement with his wife of 47 years, J.J., his four children, and six beloved grandsons, I wanted to thank Captain Tande for his service to his country and particularly to north-west Florida. The business, military personnel, veteran and their families who make up so much of the Florida Panhandle will miss this good public servant’s steady hand. Best wishes to Kris and J.J. as they embark on a well-earned retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATIE MURRAY Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Katie Murray for all of her hard work on behalf of myself, my staff, and the citizens of South Dakota while working in my Rapid City and Sioux Falls, offices. Katie is a joy to work with, and she has been an excellent public servant. We wish her the best in all of her fu-ture endeavors. The citizens of South Dakota, my staff, and I are grateful to Katie for her service. We are a better State because of her hard work. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHELE MUSTAIN Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Michele Mustain for all of her hard work on behalf of myself, my staff, and the people of South Dakota while working in my Sioux Falls, SD office. We are grateful for the excellent work she has done for other elected leaders and for all of the help she has given to the citizens of the United States. Because she has helped so many sol-diers and their families, it is fitting that she will now be working for the Employer Support for the Guard and Reserve. My staff and I wish her the best in the future. We will always appreciate her and her willingness to help us be-come better public servants. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO FREDERIKA S. JENNER ∑Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, it is with great pleasure that, on behalf of Delaware’s congressional delegation, I wish to honor the exemplary service of educator and Delaware State Edu-cation Association leader Frederika S. Jenner. She has served Delaware as a teacher and education advocate since 1972, and during that time, she worked to effectively improve our education system and shape thousands of young children’s lives. Frederika has now re-tired after more than four decades of serving in Delaware’s schools and advo-cating on behalf of its students and teachers. She is a selfless education ad-vocate and adviser, as well as a devoted wife and mother. Delaware’s education system and countless Delawareans will benefit from her life’s work for decades to come. Frederika is a graduate of A.I. Du-Pont High School in Wilmington, DE. She earned her bachelor’s degree in education from Goucher College in Bal-timore and then returned to Delaware where she taught elementary school for 39 years. She had such a dedication to education that she furthered her own while she was teaching and ultimately received her master’s in instruction from the University of Delaware. Al-though she started as an English and reading specialist, Frederika took a leap to become a science teacher along the way, teaching herself and earning her certification all in the first year in her new position. From then on, science remained an intense passion of hers, as well as a focus of much of her work both in and out of the classroom. Throughout her career, Frederika also encouraged a love of reading among her students and took great pride in her voluminous classroom library, with over 2,000 books on its shelves. Throughout her many years in the classroom, Frederika became a trusted voice among her fellow educators. From day one, she was involved as a building representative for the Dela-ware State Education Association, and her activism grew from there. Later, she would serve as president of the 1,200-member Red Clay Education Asso-ciation and then went on to serve as an executive board member of the Dela-ware State Education Association for 3 years. In 2011, Frederika was elected president of the Delaware State Edu-cation Association. In that role, she emerged as a strong and fair leader, working to shape education policy de-cisionmaking. For many years, she served as the bridge between DSEA members and public officials as the State worked to create and implement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.032 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8180 December 20, 2017 
new educational standards that we use today and to chart a course to reach them. Frederika also took on the task of improving science education in Dela-ware. She worked for 5 years as a Coa-lition science specialist and helped school districts all over Delaware inte-grate new State science standards and innovative teaching practices, includ-ing the Smithsonian Kits Programs. She regularly traveled the State, train-ing teachers and delivering necessary supplies—everything from magnets and batteries to live crayfish, all in the in-terest of ensuring that students receiv-ing hands-on science training. In 2010, Delaware Governor Jack Markell rec-ognized her immense capabilities and appointed Frederika to the State Em-ployee Advisory Committee. There is a reason why, as Governor of Delaware, I was laser-focused on edu-cation and strengthening families. I be-lieve these are two areas where we can make a lasting difference in the trajec-tory of a young person’s life. Frederika shares this belief and dedicated her ca-reer to the young people of Delaware. On behalf of both U.S. Senator C
HRIS C
OONS and U.S. Representative L ISA B
LUNT ROCHESTER , I want to thank Frederika S. Jenner for her service to the people of Delaware. Her love of children, along with her leadership and dedication to the notion that all chil-dren can learn, have improved the quality of education for countless Dela-wareans who were fortunate enough to be in her classroom and many who were not. However, all Delawareans have benefitted from the educational system she has worked so hard to help improve. We are delighted to offer today our heartfelt congratulations to Frederika Jenner on a job well done, and we want to convey our thanks as well to her husband, Charles, and their sons An-drew and Nick for sharing with the children of Delaware a remarkable woman and educator.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHARLES DALTON ∑Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I am genuinely honored to recognize before the U.S. Senate and the Nation Charles Dalton of Greenville, SC, on the occa-sion of his retirement as chief execu-tive officer and president of Blue Ridge Electric Cooperative and Blue Ridge Security Solutions. Born and raised on a farm in Pickens, SC, Charles from an early age devel-oped a love for antique cars, Clemson football, and serving the Upstate of South Carolina. Charles cofounded and operated a furniture company in Pick-ens with his brother, Allison Dalton, before starting his career with Blue Ridge Electric Cooperative. Charles was elected chief executive in 1982 and has committed his time to serving the State of South Carolina by bringing power to remote, moun-tainous communities in five counties in the Upstate. His leadership over the last 36 years has helped the energy pro-vider’s membership to more than dou-ble, growing from 29,000 members to ap-proximately 66,000. Charles has a rep-utation as a humble, accessible leader. In fact, he has been known to give out his home phone number to Blue Ridge members in an effort to provide con-stant service and maintain relation-ships in the communities in which he serves. In addition to contributing to the Upstate’s growing economy during his tenure at Blue Ridge, Charles has also served in multiple capacities on non-profit boards, including the Greenville chapter of the American Red Cross, Peace Center, and Cannon Memorial Hospital. He was selected to serve as a commissioner for the South Carolina Department of Transportation and co-founded the Upstate South Carolina Al-liance, an organization committed to establishing the Upstate as a promi-nent economic region competing in the global economy. After his retirement, Charles and his wife, Libby, are look-ing forward to remaining engaged and active in the Upstate. Charles has received statewide rec-ognition for his contributions to busi-ness, regional collaboration, and com-munity service in South Carolina. In 1998, he was selected by Governor Beasley to serve as South Carolina’s ‘‘Ambassador for Economic Develop-ment.’’ As a proud graduate of Clemson University, Charles was recognized with the 2014 Distinguished Service Award by the Clemson Alumni Associa-tion for serving as an exceptional role model for present and future students. Last year, Charles was awarded the Spirit of the Upstate Award for con-sistently exhibiting exceptional leader-ship and dedicating his personal and professional life to strengthening the Upstate region in South Carolina. These accolades serve as a testament to the profound role Charles has played in improving the lives of South Caro-linians in the Upstate, and I am con-fident that he will continue to do so in this next chapter of life. It is a distinct honor to recognize Charles Dalton on this important mile-stone. I ask that my colleagues join me in thanking Charles for the many con-tributions he has made over the course of his career, and I wish him all the best.∑ 
f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF BETHEL AFRICAN METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH ∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 150th anniversary of Bethel African Methodist Epis-copal—A.M.E.—Church in Saginaw, MI. This occasion commemorates the hum-ble beginnings of Bethel A.M.E. from a church of 6 to now more than 1,000 congregants, celebrating 150 years of faith, fellowship, and family. Bethel A.M.E. Church, the first Afri-can-American church in Saginaw, began in the home of Mr. and Mrs. Allen Ford, with six congregants in 1867. The church began to rapidly grow and became the social and religious foundation and place of refuge for Afri-can Americans in the community. As Bethel A.M.E. rose in prominence, it attracted the attention of notable fig-ures, including abolitionist and wom-en’s rights activist Sojourner Truth in 1871. Over the past 150 years, more than a dozen pastors have led Bethel A.M.E. and have left lasting contributions to the church’s fundamental mission and community outreach. Reverend J.A. Dean’s passion for ministering to youth laid the foundation for youth programs such as the Daily Vacation Bible School and the Carver Center of National Youth Organization in Sagi-naw. Each pastor had a hand in the ex-pansion of the church. Reverend Isaiah Snelling spearheaded the development of a new church complex. After 12 years, the construction was completed under Rev. Harold C. Huggins’ tenure in 1967. Bethel A.M.E. celebrated the church’s centennial and dedication of the new development within the same year. Bethel A.M.E. has had many suc-cesses over the years and has also en-dured great tragedy. Kenneth Bowman stepped into the role of substitute pas-tor when Rev. R.C. Boyd, who served from 1949 to 1954, became ill. Pastor Bowman accomplished many goals within his 1-year tenure, until he was killed in an automobile accident on March 13, 1954. Soon after, Pastor Boyd passed away on March 18, 1954, suc-cumbing to his illness. Through the tragedies, Bethel A.M.E. held true to its motto: ‘‘Love Conquers All,’’ by providing for the physical and spiritual needs of the Saginaw commu-nity with steadfast and compassionate stewardship by organizing missions, youth programs, and prison ministries. Bethel A.M.E. also feeds the hungry, assists residents experiencing home-lessness, and operates both a credit union and daycare center. Today Bethel A.M.E. Church, led by Pastor Dennis Laffoon, is the oldest Af-rican-American church in the Great Lakes Bay Region. Their membership has grown from its six founding mem-bers into a proud and active body of more than 1,000 strong. In its 150 years, Bethel A.M.E. has been a community institution, spiritual refuge, and civic leader in Saginaw. I am pleased to rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the historic milestone of the 150th an-niversary of Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church. From modest begin-nings in that little home on Fourth Street to expanding its square footage and its mission to pass on the blessings they have received onto the commu-nity, Bethel A.M.E. has much to cele-brate. I wish the leadership and con-gregation continued success and pros-perity in the years ahead.∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20DE6.033 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8181 December 20, 2017 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting nominations which were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. (The message received today is print-ed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 11:02 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 1536. An act to designate a human traf-ficking prevention coordinator and to expand the scope of activities authorized under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion’s outreach and education program to in-clude human trafficking prevention activi-ties, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3312. An act to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act to specify when bank holding com-panies may be subject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes. H.R. 4254. An act to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration in-ternship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes. H.R. 4323. An act to promote veteran in-volvement in STEM education, computer science, and scientific research, and for other purposes. H.R. 4375. An act to provide for a report on broadening participation in certain National Science Foundation research and education programs, to collect data on Federal re-search grants to science agencies, and for other purposes. 
At 1:48 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3312. An act to amend the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act to specify when bank holding com-panies may be subject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 4254. An act to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration in-ternship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. H.R. 4323. An act to promote veteran in-volvement in STEM education, computer science, and scientific research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 4375. An act to provide for a report on broadening participation in certain National Science Foundation research and education programs, to collect data on Federal re-search grants to science agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-nance, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1827. A bill to extend funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–197). By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1333. A bill to provide for rental assist-ance for homeless or at-risk Indian veterans (Rept. No. 115–198). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. 2255. A bill to reauthorize title VI of the Higher Education Act of 1965 in order to im-prove and encourage innovation in inter-national education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. T
HUNE , and Mr. I SAKSON ): S. 2256. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend expiring provi-sions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ): S. 2257. A bill to establish the IMPACT for Energy Foundation; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. K ING): S. 2258. A bill to provide for the discharge of parent borrower liability if a student on whose behalf a parent has received certain student loans becomes disabled; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. K AINE, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. S
ANDERS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. 2259. A bill to establish certain duties for pharmacies to ensure provision of Food and Drug Administration-approved contra-ception, medication related to contracep-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. Res. 362. A resolution recognizing the service of the Los Angeles-class attack sub-marine the USS Jacksonville and the crew of the USS Jacksonville, who served the United States with valor and bravery; considered and agreed to. By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. Res. 363. A resolution expressing pro-found concern about the growing political, humanitarian, and economic crisis in Ven-ezuela and the widespread human rights abuses perpetrated by the Government of Venezuela; to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 515 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 515, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to maintain a pub-licly available list of all employers that relocate a call center overseas, to make such companies ineligible for Federal grants or guaranteed loans, and to require disclosure of the phys-ical location of business agents engag-ing in customer service communica-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1580 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1580, a bill to enhance the transparency, improve the coordi-nation, and intensify the impact of as-sistance to support access to primary and secondary education for displaced children and persons, including women and girls, and for other purposes. 
S. 1615 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1615, a bill to authorize the cancella-tion of removal and adjustment of sta-tus of certain individuals who are long- term United States residents and who entered the United States as children, and for other purposes. 
S. 1693 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1693, a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE6.003 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8182 December 20, 2017 
criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking. 
S. 1774 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1774, a bill to provide protections for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting rep-resentation by a labor organization. 
S. 1914 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1914, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to strengthen rules in case of competition for diabetic testing strips, and for other purposes. 
S. 2070 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2070, a bill to amend the Vio-lent Crime Control and Law Enforce-ment Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initia-tives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism. 
S. 2105 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2105, a bill to modify the presumption of service connection for veterans who were exposed to herbicide agents while serving in the Armed Forces in Thailand during the Vietnam era, and for other purposes. 
S. 2147 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2147, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to create a Pension Rehabilitation Trust Fund to establish a Pension Rehabilitation Administration within the Department of the Treasury to make loans to mul-tiemployer defined benefit plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2152 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2152, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for victims of child pornography, and for other purposes. 
S. 2236 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2236, a bill to require covered discrimination and covered harassment awareness and prevention training for Members, officers, employ-ees, interns, fellows, and detailees of Congress within 30 days of employment and annually thereafter, to require a biennial climate survey of Congress, to amend the enforcement process under the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights for covered discrimination and covered harassment complaints, and for other purposes. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 362—RECOG-NIZING THE SERVICE OF THE LOS ANGELES-CLASS ATTACK SUBMARINE THE USS JACKSON-VILLE AND THE CREW OF THE USS JACKSONVILLE, WHO SERVED THE UNITED STATES WITH VALOR AND BRAVERY Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
EL-
SON) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 362 Whereas the USS Jacksonville (SSN 699) is named after Jacksonville, the largest and most populous city in Florida, and is the first ship to bear that name; Whereas the slogan of the city of Jackson-ville, Florida, is ‘‘The Bold New City of the South’’ and inspired the nickname of the USS Jacksonville, which is ‘‘The Bold One’’; Whereas, on August 10, 2017, the USS Jack-sonville returned to the home port of the USS Jacksonville at Joint Base Pearl Har-bor-Hickam in the Western Pacific after 209 days out to sea, thus completing the 15th and final deployment of the USS Jacksonville; Whereas, on the last deployment of the USS Jacksonville, the USS Jacksonville steamed more than 48,000 nautical miles while conducting— (1) maritime security operations in the areas of operation of the Fifth Fleet and Sev-enth Fleet of the United States; and (2) joint exercises with the Maritime Self- Defense Force of Japan and the navy of the Republic of India; Whereas, since the commissioning of the USS Jacksonville on May 16, 1981, the USS Jacksonville has completed 2 around-the- world cruises, visited ports on nearly every continent, and completed countless critical missions; and Whereas, on September 11, 2001, while the USS Jacksonville was attached to the Enter-prise Battle Group, the USS Jacksonville— (1) was in the Mediterranean Sea; and (2) stayed on-station to provide critical in-telligence support as the United States pre-pared to retaliate in response to the terrorist attacks carried out on that day: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate recognizes the service of the Los Angeles-class attack sub-marine the USS Jacksonville and the crew of the USS Jacksonville, who served the United States with valor and bravery. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 363—EX-PRESSING PROFOUND CONCERN ABOUT THE GROWING POLIT-ICAL, HUMANITARIAN, AND ECO-NOMIC CRISIS IN VENEZUELA AND THE WIDESPREAD HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES PERPETRATED BY THE GOVERNMENT OF VEN-EZUELA Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 363 Whereas the crisis in Venezuela continues to ravage the country and the Venezuelan people suffer from shortages of essential medicines, food, and basic supplies; Whereas because of the crisis in Venezuela, approximately 1,300,000 people are under-nourished and roughly 75 percent of the pop-ulation has lost an average of 19 pounds since the start of the economic crisis; Whereas the largest impact of the crisis in Venezuela is felt by children, as 54 percent suffer from nutritional deficiencies, accord-ing to the nongovernmental organization Caritas; Whereas public health organizations in Venezuela report that only 38 percent of es-sential drugs are present in the country and more than 60 of the hospitals in Venezuela no longer have potable water, leading to a rise in chronic diseases, as well as in commu-nicable diseases such as malaria and diph-theria; Whereas the crisis forces thousands of Ven-ezuelans to leave the country in vulnerable conditions and the number of Venezuelans seeking asylum in 2017 was almost double that in 2016, according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees; Whereas President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro has repeatedly denied the existence of Venezuela’s humanitarian crisis and re-jected offers of international humanitarian assistance; Whereas, instead of responding to the needs and demands of its people, the Govern-ment of Venezuela has prioritized the con-solidation of power, undermined Venezuela’s democracy, and engaged in a campaign of re-pression and human rights abuses; Whereas the Government of Venezuela cur-tails freedom of expression, harasses journal-ists, and limits the ability of the Venezuelan people and the world to learn about the cri-sis and its effects; Whereas, starting in April 2017, Venezuelan citizens staged massive, nationwide protests for more than four months in direct opposi-tion to President Maduro’s efforts to consoli-date power and undermine Venezuela’s de-mocracy; Whereas the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner on Human Rights re-ports that 124 deaths have been investigated by the Venezuelan Attorney General’s Office in connection with the 2017 protests, with at least 46 victims allegedly killed by security forces and 27 more by members of armed pro- government civilian groups, bringing the total number of extrajudicial deaths to 357 between July 2015 and March 2017; Whereas the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner concluded that there has been widespread and systematic use of exces-sive force and arbitrary detentions against demonstrators, as well as violent raids of homes, torture, and ill-treatment of those detained in connection with the protests; Whereas human rights organizations in Venezuela have identified more than 5,000 ar-bitrary detentions between April 1, 2017, and October 31, 2017, and at least 299 political prisoners currently detained; Whereas Amnesty International docu-mented repeated use of various methods of arbitrary detention, including torture and forced disappearances intended to silence dissidents and limit freedom of expression; Whereas nongovernmental organizations Human Rights Watch and Foro Penal have documented how Venezuelan security forces have used tactics of torture, involving elec-tric shocks and asphyxiation, against indi-viduals who oppose the Government of Ven-ezuela; Whereas the Government of Venezuela con-tinues to use the Bolivarian National Guard and National Police to repress and detain protesters and subsequently try them in military courts with at least 198 documented 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE6.008 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8183 December 20, 2017 
cases against civilians in military courts; and Whereas, on July 25, 2017, the Organization of American States Secretary General Luis Almagro convened public hearings to review whether the Government of Venezuela has committed crimes against humanity and should be referred to the International Criminal Court: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses its profound concern about the humanitarian impacts of the crisis suf-fered by the people of Venezuela, including widespread shortages of basic food commod-ities and essential medicines; (2) urges President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro to permit the delivery of inter-national humanitarian assistance; (3) calls on the Government of Venezuela to immediately release all political prisoners and to respect internationally recognized human rights; (4) calls on the Government of Venezuela to ensure the neutrality and professionalism of all security forces and to respect the Ven-ezuelan people’s rights to freedom of expres-sion and assembly; (5) supports the Secretary General of the Organization of American States in his re-view of whether the widespread human rights abuses in Venezuela warrant an inves-tigation by the International Criminal Court; and (6) urges the President of the United States to provide full support for OAS efforts in ex-amining the human rights situation in Ven-ezuela and to instruct appropriate Federal agencies to hold officials of the Government of Venezuela accountable for violations of United States law and abuses of internation-ally recognized human rights. f 
NOTICE OF INTENT TO OBJECT TO PROCEEDING I, Senator C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , in-tend to object to proceeding to the nomination of David J. Ryder, of New Jersey, to be Director of the Mint, and Isabel Marie Keenan Patelunas, of Pennsylvania, to be Assistant Sec-retary of Intelligence and Analysis, De-partment of the Treasury, dated De-cember 20, 2017. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I have a request for one committee to meet during today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE  
The Subcommittee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, December 20, 2017, at 10:30 a.m. in room SD–406 to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Freight Movement: Assessing Where We Are Now and Where We Need to Go’’. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of the following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 489, 498, 509, 531, and 532; that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nominations of Bruce D. Jette, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army; James E. McPherson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army; Randall G. Schriver, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of De-fense; Thomas Harker, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy; and John P. Roth, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Air Force en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 571, 572, 573, 574, and 575. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nations of Duane A. Kees, of Arkansas, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Arkansas for the term of four years; Stephen R. McAllister, of Kansas, to be United States Attorney for the District of Kansas for the term of four years; Ron-ald A. Parsons, Jr., of South Dakota, to be United States Attorney for the Dis-trict of South Dakota for the term of four years; Ryan K. Patrick, of Texas, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Texas for the term of four years; and Michael B. Stuart, of West Virginia, to be United States At-torney for the Southern District of West Virginia for the term of four years. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nominations be printed in the RECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Kees, McAllister, Parsons, Patrick, and Stu-art nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the majority lead-er, in consultation with the Demo-cratic leader, on January 3, 2018, the Senate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following nom-ination: Executive Calendar No. 508. I ask consent that there be 30 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form; that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . I further ask that notwithstanding rule XXXI, the nomination be held in status quo into the second session of the 115th Con-gress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 560 through 569 and all nominations placed on the Sec-retary’s desk; that the nominations be confirmed; that the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed are as follows: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Anthony J. Cotton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE6.010 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8184 December 20, 2017 
The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Sharon A. Shaffer The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 8069: To be brigadier general Col. Robert J. Marks The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Ronald G. Allen, Jr. Col. Mark R. August Col. Charles E. Brown, Jr. Col. Joel L. Carey Col. Brenda P. Cartier Col. Darren R. Cole Col. Heath A. Collins Col. Douglas S. Coppinger Col. Matthew W. Davidson Col. Todd A. Dozier Col. Peter M. Fesler Col. Eric H. Froehlich Col. Michael A. Greiner Col. Andrew P. Hansen Col. Michelle L. Hayworth Col. Thomas K. Hensley Col. Stephen F. Jost Col. Jeffrey R. King Col. Leonard J. Kosinski Col. Thomas E. Kunkel Col. Laura L. Lenderman Col. Rodney D. Lewis Col. Robert K. Lyman Col. David B. Lyons Col. Michael E. Martin Col. Joseph D. McFall Col. David N. Miller, Jr. Col. Christopher J. Niemi Col. Clark J. Quinn Col. George M. Reynolds Col. Douglas A. Schiess Col. David W. Snoddy Col. Adrian L. Spain Col. Ernest J. Teichert, III Col. Alice W. Trevino 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Christopher G. Cavoli The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Lt. Gen. Stephen J. Townsend 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Nancy A. Norton The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Richard A. Brown IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be brigadier general Col. Mitchel Neurock The following named officers for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. Hubert C. Hegtvedt Brig. Gen. Timothy P. Kelly Brig. Gen. Albert V. Lupenski Brig. Gen. Samuel C. Mahaney Brig. Gen. John B. Williams N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN1296 AIR FORCE nomination of Arianne R. Morrison, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of December 1, 2017. PN1297 AIR FORCE nomination of Richard A. Hanrahan, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of December 1, 2017. PN1298 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-ning ALECK A. BROWN, and ending JOHN D. RITTER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of December 1, 2017. 
IN THE ARMY  PN1142 ARMY nomination of Jennifer A. Mahoney, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of October 16, 2017. PN1143 ARMY nominations (2) beginning YON T. CHUNG, and ending MICHAEL B. PAYNE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of October 16, 2017. PN1265 ARMY nominations (2) beginning NATHELE J. ANDERSON, and ending BRIAN R. HORTON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 27, 2017. PN1266 ARMY nominations (2) beginning THOMAS W. GREEN, and ending KENNETH M. KOOP, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of November 27, 2017. PN1267 ARMY nomination of Adam R. Liberman, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 27, 2017. PN1268 ARMY nomination of Michael E. Steelman, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 27, 2017. PN1269 ARMY nomination of Gerald D. Gangaram, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 27, 2017. PN1270 ARMY nomination of Brian R. Johnson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 27, 2017. PN1271—1 ARMY nominations (18) begin-ning SCOTT T. AYERS, and ending TYESHA L. SMITH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of November 27, 2017. PN1272 ARMY nomination of Peter J. Arm-strong, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 27, 2017. PN1273 ARMY nomination of Ali S. Zaza, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 27, 2017. PN1274 ARMY nomination of Phillip T. Buckler, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 27, 2017. PN1275 ARMY nomination of Vernice K. Favor-Williams, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 27, 2017. PN1300 ARMY nomination of Heather M. Lee, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of De-cember 1, 2017. IN THE NAVY  PN1245 NAVY nominations (50) beginning WILLIAM L. ARNEST, and ending KAREN J. WOOD, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of November 14, 2017. PN1301 NAVY nomination of Sharif H. Calfee, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of De-cember 1, 2017. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
THE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of the following bills en bloc: Cal-endar No. 124, S. 117 and Calendar No. 56, S. 501. I further ask unanimous con-sent that, where applicable, the com-mittee-reported amendment be agreed to, the bills, as amended, if amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ALEX DIEKMANN PEAK DESIGNATION ACT OF 2017 The Senate proceeded to consider the bill (S. 117) to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak,’’ which had been re-ported from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amend-ment, as follows: (The part of the bill intended to be stricken is shown in boldface brackets and the part of the bill intended to be inserted is shown in italics.) 
S. 117 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak Designation Act of 2017’’. 
øSEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
øCongress finds that Alex Diekmann— ø(1) was a loving father of two and an ador-ing husband who lived in Bozeman, Montana, where he was a renowned conservationist who dedicated his career to protecting some of the most outstanding natural and scenic resource areas of the Northern Rockies; ø(2) was responsible during his unique con-servation career for the protection of more than 50 distinct areas in the States of Mon-tana, Wyoming, and Idaho, conserving for the public over 100,000 acres of iconic moun-tains and valleys, rivers and creeks, ranches and farms, and historic sites and open spaces; ø(3) played a central role in securing the future of an array of special landscapes, in-cluding— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE6.022 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8185 December 20, 2017 
ø(A) the spectacular Devil’s Canyon in the Craig Thomas Special Management Area in the State of Wyoming; ø(B) crucial fish and wildlife habitat and recreation access land in the Sawtooth Mountains of Idaho, along the Salmon River, and near the Canadian border; and ø(C) diverse and vitally important land all across the Crown of the Continent in the State of Montana, from the world-famous Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem to Glacier National Park to the Cabinet-Yaak Eco-system, to the recreational trails, working forests and ranches, and critical drinking water supply for Whitefish, and beyond; ø(4) made a particularly profound mark on the preservation of the natural wonders in and near the Madison Valley and the Madi-son Range, Montana, where more than 12 miles of the Madison River and much of the world-class scenery, fish and wildlife, and recreation opportunities of the area have be-come and shall remain conserved and avail-able to the public because of his efforts; ø(5) inspired others with his skill, passion, and spirit of partnership that brought to-gether communities, landowners, sportsmen, and the public at large; ø(6) lost a heroic battle with cancer on February 1, 2016, at the age of 52; ø(7) is survived by his wife, Lisa, and their 2 sons, Logan and Liam; and ø(8) leaves a lasting legacy across Montana and the Northern Rockies that will benefit all people of the United States in our time and in the generations to follow. 
SEC. 3. DESIGNATION OF ALEX DIEKMANN PEAK, MONTANA.¿ SEC. 2. DESIGNATION OF ALEX DIEKMANN PEAK, MONTANA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The unnamed 9,765-foot peak located 2.2 miles west-northwest of Fin-ger Mountain on the western boundary of the Lee Metcalf Wilderness, Montana (UTM co-ordinates Zone 12, 457966 E., 4982589 N.), shall be known and designated as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, record, or other paper of the United States to the peak de-scribed in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a reference to ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. 
The committee-reported amendment was agreed to. The bill (S. 117), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 117 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak Designation Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DESIGNATION OF ALEX DIEKMANN PEAK, MONTANA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The unnamed 9,765-foot peak located 2.2 miles west-northwest of Fin-ger Mountain on the western boundary of the Lee Metcalf Wilderness, Montana (UTM co-ordinates Zone 12, 457966 E., 4982589 N.), shall be known and designated as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, record, or other paper of the United States to the peak de-scribed in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a reference to ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. f 
EAST ROSEBUD WILD AND SCENIC RIVERS ACT The bill (S. 501) to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate cer-tain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as compo-nents of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System, was considered, was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as fol-lows: S. 501 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘East Rose-bud Wild and Scenic Rivers Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) East Rosebud Creek is cherished by the people of Montana and visitors from across the United States for its clean water, spec-tacular natural setting, and outstanding rec-reational opportunities; (2) recreational activities, including fish-ing, hunting, camping, paddling, hiking, rock climbing, and wildlife watching, on East Rosebud Creek and the surrounding land generate millions of dollars annually for the local economy; (3) East Rosebud Creek— (A) is a national treasure; (B) possesses outstandingly remarkable values; and (C) merits the high level of protection af-forded by the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.) in order to maintain the benefits provided by the Creek, as described in paragraphs (1) and (2), for future genera-tions to enjoy; and (4) designation of select public land seg-ments of East Rosebud Creek under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.) would recognize the importance of maintain-ing the values of the Creek while preserving public access, respecting private property rights, allowing appropriate maintenance of existing infrastructure, and allowing histor-ical uses of the Creek to continue. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this Act is to designate East Rosebud Creek in the State of Montana as a component of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System to preserve and protect for present and future genera-tions the outstandingly remarkable scenic, recreational, and geologic values of the Creek. 
SEC. 3. DESIGNATION OF WILD AND SCENIC RIVER SEGMENTS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—Section 3(a) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1274(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(213) E
AST ROSEBUD CREEK , MONTANA .—The portions of East Rosebud Creek in the State of Montana, consisting of— ‘‘(A) the 13-mile segment exclusively on public land within the Custer National For-est from the source in the Absaroka- Beartooth Wilderness downstream to the point at which the Creek enters East Rose-bud Lake, including the stream reach be-tween Twin Outlets Lake and Fossil Lake, to be administered by the Secretary of Agri-culture as a wild river; and ‘‘(B) the 7-mile segment exclusively on public land within the Custer National For-est from immediately below, but not includ-ing, the outlet of East Rosebud Lake down-stream to the point at which the Creek en-ters private property for the first time, to be administered by the Secretary of Agriculture as a recreational river.’’. (b) A
DJACENT MANAGEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in paragraph (213) of section 3(a) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1274(a)) (as added by sub-section (a)) creates a protective perimeter or buffer zone outside the designated boundary of the river segment designated by that para-graph. (2) OUTSIDE ACTIVITIES .—The fact that an otherwise authorized activity or use can be seen or heard within the boundary of the river segment designated by paragraph (213) of section 3(a) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1274(a)) (as added by sub-section (a)) shall not preclude the activity or use outside the boundary of the river seg-ment. f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, DECEMBER 21, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Thursday, De-cember 21; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:04 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, December 21, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
THE JUDICIARY  
SUSAN PARADISE BAXTER, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA, VICE SEAN J. MCLAUGHLIN, RESIGNED. JOEL M. CARSON III, OF NEW MEXICO, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT, VICE PAUL J. KELLY, JR., RETIRED. COLM F. CONNOLLY, OF DELAWARE, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELA-WARE, VICE SUE L. ROBINSON, RETIRED. KARI A. DOOLEY, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF CON-NECTICUT, VICE ROBERT N. CHATIGNY, RETIRED. GORDON P. GIAMPIETRO, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF WISCONSIN, VICE RUDOLPH T. RANDA, RETIRED. MARILYN JEAN HORAN, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA, VICE GARY L. LANCASTER, DECEASED. CHAD F. KENNEY, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA, VICE LUIS FELIPE RESTREPO, ELE-VATED. MARYELLEN NOREIKA, OF DELAWARE, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELA-WARE, VICE GREGORY MONETA SLEET, RETIRED. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate December 20, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
BRUCE D. JETTE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE ARMY. JAMES E. MCPHERSON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY. RANDALL G. SCHRIVER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. THOMAS HARKER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY. JOHN P. ROTH, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY OF THE AIR FORCE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A20DE6.023 S20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8186 December 20, 2017 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ANTHONY J. COTTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. SHARON A. SHAFFER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 8069: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ROBERT J. MARKS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RONALD G. ALLEN, JR. COL. MARK R. AUGUST COL. CHARLES E. BROWN, JR. COL. JOEL L. CAREY COL. BRENDA P. CARTIER COL. DARREN R. COLE COL. HEATH A. COLLINS COL. DOUGLAS S. COPPINGER COL. MATTHEW W. DAVIDSON COL. TODD A. DOZIER COL. PETER M. FESLER COL. ERIC H. FROEHLICH COL. MICHAEL A. GREINER COL. ANDREW P. HANSEN COL. MICHELLE L. HAYWORTH COL. THOMAS K. HENSLEY COL. STEPHEN F. JOST COL. JEFFREY R. KING COL. LEONARD J. KOSINSKI COL. THOMAS E. KUNKEL COL. LAURA L. LENDERMAN COL. RODNEY D. LEWIS COL. ROBERT K. LYMAN COL. DAVID B. LYONS COL. MICHAEL E. MARTIN COL. JOSEPH D. MCFALL COL. DAVID N. MILLER, JR. COL. CHRISTOPHER J. NIEMI COL. CLARK J. QUINN COL. GEORGE M. REYNOLDS COL. DOUGLAS A. SCHIESS COL. DAVID W. SNODDY COL. ADRIAN L. SPAIN COL. ERNEST J. TEICHERT III COL. ALICE W. TREVINO IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. CHRISTOPHER G. CAVOLI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. STEPHEN J. TOWNSEND 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. NANCY A. NORTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. RICHARD A. BROWN 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MITCHEL NEUROCK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. HUBERT C. HEGTVEDT BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY P. KELLY BRIG. GEN. ALBERT V. LUPENSKI BRIG. GEN. SAMUEL C. MAHANEY BRIG. GEN. JOHN B. WILLIAMS 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
DUANE A. KEES, OF ARKANSAS, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. STEPHEN R. MCALLISTER, OF KANSAS, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF KANSAS FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. RONALD A. PARSONS, JR., OF SOUTH DAKOTA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF SOUTH DAKOTA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. RYAN K. PATRICK, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. MICHAEL B. STUART, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF WEST VIRGINIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF ARIANNE R. MORRISON, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF RICHARD A. HANRAHAN, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ALECK A. BROWN AND ENDING WITH JOHN D. RITTER, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON DECEMBER 1, 2017. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF JENNIFER A. MAHONEY, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH YON T. CHUNG AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL B. PAYNE, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON OCTOBER 16, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NATHELE J. AN-DERSON AND ENDING WITH BRIAN R. HORTON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 27, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH THOMAS W. GREEN AND ENDING WITH KENNETH M. KOOP, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 27, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF ADAM R. LIBERMAN, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MICHAEL E. STEELMAN, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF GERALD D. GANGARAM, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRIAN R. JOHNSON, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SCOTT T. AYERS AND ENDING WITH TYESHA L. SMITH, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 27, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF PETER J. ARMSTRONG, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ALI S. ZAZA, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF PHILLIP T. BUCKLER, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF VERNICE K. FAVOR–WILLIAMS, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF HEATHER M. LEE, TO BE MAJOR. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH WILLIAM L. ARNEST AND ENDING WITH KAREN J. WOOD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 14, 2017. NAVY NOMINATION OF SHARIF H. CALFEE, TO BE CAP-TAIN. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A20DE6.002 S20DEPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1731 December 20, 2017 
CONGRATULATING THE ARMY FOOTBALL TEAM’S VICTORY OVER NAVY 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the Army football team’s victory over the Navy. The Army-Navy football game is one of col-lege football’s most famous rivalries, played this year on December 9, 2017, at Lincoln Fi-nancial Field in Philadelphia. Last year in De-cember of 2016, the Army Black Knights won their first game against the Navy Midshipmen in 14 years. This year, Army won its second consecutive game with a score of 14–13, earning the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy. The victory was hard-fought in harsh, snowy conditions, not unfamiliar to the men and women who have served in the 10th Mountain Division. Army wore uniforms that were a tribute to the 21st Congressional District’s own 10th Mountain Division, which was established in 1943. The soldiers of the 10th Mountain Divi-sion are notorious for training in severe condi-tions created by high elevations and mountain climates. To honor those who have served while assigned to the unit, the uniform fea-tured the division’s coat of arms along with the words ‘‘Vires Montesque Vincimus’’ on the right shoulder, which means ‘‘We Conquer Powers and Mountains.’’ The Mountain Salute, ‘‘Climb to Glory,’’ could be seen under the coat of arms and the ‘‘Follow Me’’ sign was placed on their helmets. Additionally, the team wore the Panda Patch on their cleats, a patch that originally helped identify the soldiers who were nicknamed the Pando Commandos, a nod to the 10th Mountain Division’s roots in Pando, Colorado. On behalf of the 21st District, I want to con-gratulate the United States Military Academy at West Point on their victory and recognize the Soldiers of the 10th Mountain Division who fought in World War II and those who continue to fight today to keep our nation safe. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on roll call No. 690 I was inadvertently recorded as voting ‘‘no.’’ I support the Women in Aero-space Education Act and my vote should be recorded as ‘‘yes.’’ TRIBUTE TO PAT AND JOHN WHEELER HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Pat and John Wheeler of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on October 6, 1967 at St. Paul’s United Church of Christ in Council Bluffs. Pat and John’s’ lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa val-ues. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them nothing but the best. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 1, TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 19, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD letters from the Faith and Free-dom Coalition, Taxpayers Protection Alliance, Club for Growth, and FreedomWorks: 
FAITH AND FREEDOM COALITION . D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 1.5 million members and supporters of the Faith & Freedom Coalition, I urge you to vote YES on the Conference Report to H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA). A vote for this bill is a vote for tax cuts that Republicans have promised and America’s hardworking families desperately deserve. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will strengthen families, grow the economy, and create jobs. To that end, Faith & Freedom Coalition will score the vote on H.R. 1 as vote to cut taxes for fami-lies and as a vote to begin the process of re-pealing Obamacare. This vote will appear in tens of millions of Congressional Scorecards and voter guides distributed in over 100,000 churches. Since Congress last passed major tax re-form over thirty years ago, the tax code has become riddled with corporate giveaways and special-interest provisions that benefit the politically-connected and privileged at the expense of working families. This legisla-tion makes the tax code simpler and fairer, strengthens the family, increase wages, cre-ates jobs, and makes small, family-owned businesses more competitive. H.R. 1 doubles the child tax credit to $2,000, makes it available to more families by in-creasing the income eligibility thresholds, and makes up to $1,400 refundable to lower and middle-class working families. This pro-vision is pro-life, pro-child, pro-family and pro-middle class. Doubling the standard de-duction protects more of the average fam-ily’s income from taxation, keeping more of their paycheck at home rather than sending it to Washington. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act also reduces the tax rate on the hard-earned income of small, family-owned businesses—creating the lowest tax rate on small business income since World War II. Mom and Pop businesses are the backbone of the American economy and the American family. Over 80% of new jobs are created by Main Street businesses and they need a tax rate that enables them to compete with overseas competitors and Wall Street corporations. These small busi-nesses are often family affairs and are a key component to supporting stronger, more se-cure families. Finally, repealing Obamacare’s individual mandate and returning the savings to fami-lies is another tax cut for working families. Nearly 7 million American families paid over $3 billion because of Obamacare’s individual mandate tax, and 80 percent make less than $50,000 a year. The Obamacare individual mandate is one of the most regressive taxes in the nation, punishing work and savings and hurting those least able to pay. Repeal-ing it is a critical, if partial, fulfillment of the larger promise to end the disaster of Obamacare. America’s families have already waited too long for tax cuts that let them keep their hard earned dollars and care for their fami-lies. We must not fail them. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will simplify the code so that it is fairer for families and individuals, while also encouraging the economy to grow, lead-ing to the creation of more jobs and higher wages. For all these reasons, Faith & Freedom Co-alition will include the vote on Conference Report to H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) in our Congressional Score and voter guides as a key vote in the 115th Congress. Thank you for considering the views of our millions of members and supporters. 
TAXPAYERS PROTECTION ALLIANCE . The Taxpayers Protection Alliance (TPA), representing millions of taxpayers across the country, urges the House of Representatives to vote YES for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. TPA is encouraged by the final tax reform package crafted by the conference com-mittee. This legislation will provide com-prehensive tax relief for millions of Ameri-cans. The conference report has many positive aspects, including a doubled standard deduc-tion, a 21 percent corporate rate, and a $2,000 child tax credit. This legislation allows the economy to flourish, as small businesses get the green light to expand, hire, and increase wages. Individuals and families will have an easier time saving for education and retire-ment, with the thousands of dollars in an-nual savings from the legislation. Additionally, the repeal of the Obamacare individual mandate penalty relieves an oner-ous burden for taxpayers while saving hun-dreds of billions in exchange subsidy pay-ments. Taxpayers will finally have the free-dom to forgo health insurance if they choose, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20DE8.001 E20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1732 December 20, 2017 
without risking penalty from the federal government. TPA is pleased that the con-ference committee offers a plan that sharply curtails government while giving power back to hard-working Americans. TPA urges every Congressman to vote YES on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 
CLUB FOR GROWTH . Re key vote alert—‘‘YES’’ on Conference Re-port to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, H.R. 1. The Club for Growth supports the con-ference report to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (HR 1) and we urge all members of Congress to vote YES on it. A vote is expected in the next few days. The vote will be included in the Club’s 2017 congressional scorecard. This bill is not perfect, but it’s still very pro- growth. Some of the more pro-growth ele-ments of the bill include lowering the cor-porate tax rate down to 21%, a new 20% de-duction for pass-through businesses, dou-bling the Death Tax exemption, and moving to an international territorial tax system. The bill also modestly lowers individual tax rates and doubles the standard deduction. The Club for Growth urges immediate pas-sage of HR 1. Congress should also begin work on another pro-growth tax bill for next year that addresses other parts of the tax code left untouched by this proposal. Our Congressional Scorecard for the 115th Congress provides a comprehensive rating of how well or how poorly each member of Con-gress supports pro-growth, free-market poli-cies and will be distributed to our members and to the public. 
FREEDOM WORKS . K
EYVOTEYES ON THE CONFERENCE REPORT  
FOR THE TAXCUTS AND JOBSACT, H.R. 1 On behalf of our activist community, I urge you to contact your representative and senators and ask them to vote YES on the conference report for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, H.R. 1. This final agreement on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act provides much-needed re-lief to taxpayers across the country and to American businesses alike. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act lowers indi-vidual rates for the vast majority of tax-payers. In addition, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act nearly doubles the standard deduction, meaning Americans keep more of their hard- earned money, and doubles the child tax credit from $1,000 to $2,000. This bill also pro-vides relief by doubling the exemption amount from the unfair death tax. Pass-through business owners, who file their taxes on their individual tax return, will be able to take a 20 percent deduction. This lowers the tax burden currently faced by pass-through businesses, which, according to the Tax Foundation, employ 70 million people, and promotes fairness. America’s business community will also see added growth as a result of the policy changes in this bill. The corporate tax rate will be lowered substantially from 35 percent to 21 percent, making American businesses more globally competitive and allowing them the resources they need to innovate and create jobs. It also eliminates confusion and complexity so job creators can focus on building their company and hiring working Americans. This bill also repeals the harmful ObamaCare individual mandate, a coercive tax on Americans. It’s estimated that 80 per-cent of households subject to this tax earn less than $50,000 per year. This is an unneces-sary hardship being placed on working Amer-icans. The federal government should not punish individuals who cannot afford ObamaCare’s costly health insurance plans or decide it is not the best course for them. For these reasons, I urge you to call your representative and senators and ask them to vote YES on the conference report for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, H.R. 1. FreedomWorks will count the vote on our 2017 Congressional Scorecard. The scorecard is used to determine eligibility for the FreedomFighter Award, which recognizes Members of the House and Senate who con-sistently vote to support economic freedom and individual liberty. f IN RECOGNITION OF THE UNION OF NIGERIAN FRIENDS 30TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Union of Nigerian Friends for its 30 years of service to Forest Hill and the North Texas community. In 1987, the Union of Nigerian Friends was founded in order to provide a safe environ-ment for dialogue on issues that affect the po-litical, economic, and social progress for Nige-rians here in my home state of Texas. Since its establishment 30 years ago, the Union of Nigerian Friends continues to promote cultural awareness and unity among all Nigerians and Americans, while serving as a shining exam-ple of civic engagement for our community. The Union of Nigerian Friends takes great pride in its active civic participation through its numerous community partnerships in the areas of business, family recreation and edu-cation. For their longstanding excellence in community engagement Mayor Lyndia Thom-as of the city of Forest Hill, Texas recognized the Union of Nigerian Friends for their suc-cess. I honor the Union of Nigerian Friends 30th anniversary celebration. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JEAN AND HOWARD GILLESPIE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jean and Howard Gillespie of Red Oak, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on September 20, 2017. Jean and Howard’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 65th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them nothing but the best. IN HONOR OF ALEXANDRIA WIN-NING CLASS 5A WOMEN’S VOLLEYBALL STATE TITLE HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize Alexandria High School for winning the Class 5A State Title. The Valley Cubs sealed their victory by beating Lawrence County High School on No-vember 2nd at Bill Harris Arena in Birmingham in three sets for the Class 5A State Title: 25– 23, 25–16, 25–13. The Head Coach is Whitney Welch and As-sistant Coaches are Kelli Johnson and Toni Hess. Players include: Kendal Bumpus, Madi-son Chastain, Kinsley Gregoria, Kaitlin Har-vey, Anna Johnson, Kate Johnson, China Lane, Gracie Muncher (All-State Team), Au-brey Pope (All State Team), Kyleigh Rhodes, Taylor Spradley (Class 5A MVP), Kameron Simpson, Kayleigh Steen and Mattie Wade (All State Team). Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating the students and faculty of Alexandria High School, the coaches, the players and all the Valley Cubs fans on this exciting achieve-ment. Go Valley Cubs. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 697. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NIX LAURIDSEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Nix Lauridsen of Des Moines, Iowa, for his induc-tion into the 2017 Iowa Business Hall of Fame. The Greater Des Moines Committee found-ed the Iowa Business Hall of Fame in 1975 to honor Iowans who have helped to enhance the state’s business climate. Nix is the co- founder and chairman of Lauridsen Group, Inc which oversees several independent compa-nies that operate processing plants worldwide. Gaining his first experience in the processing industry at his father’s rendering plant Boyer Valley, Nix’s companies have pioneered the development of value-added products from the separation of plasma from red cells, as well as adding plasma to swine diet that reduced baby pig mortality from 10 percent to 2 percent. Outside of business, Nix has been a major ad-vocate for education and the arts in Des Moines. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Nix on his induction to the 2017 Iowa Business 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20DE8.004 E20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1733 December 20, 2017 
Hall of Fame and commend him for his dedi-cation to our great state. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating him for this outstanding achievement and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 1, TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 19, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD letters from the Retail Industry Leaders Association, Dow Chemical Com-pany, Semiconductor Industry Association, In-formation Technology Industry Council, Coali-tion for American Insurance, AT&T, and the National Roofing Contractors Association: 
RETAIL INDUSTRY LEADERS  A
SSOCIATION . T
OMEMBERS OF THE UNITED STATES CON-
GRESS : The Retail Industry Leaders Associa-tion (RILA) urges Congress to pass the con-ference report to H.R. 1, the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act,’’ which is scheduled for floor con-sideration this week. The bill provides for comprehensive tax reform, which is critical to growing the economy and improving U.S. international competitiveness. It accom-plishes these goals by doing, among other things: immediately reducing the corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 percent; replacing our current worldwide tax system with a terri-torial tax system; and modifying individual tax rates, with a focus on providing a tax cut for middle income taxpayers. RILA is the trade association of the world’s largest and most innovative retail companies. RILA members include more than 200 retailers, product manufacturers, and service suppliers, which together ac-count for more than $1.5 trillion in annual sales, millions of American jobs, and more than 100,000 stores, manufacturing facilities, and distribution centers located both domes-tically and abroad. Over 42 million jobs in the United States are either in retail or supported by retail, making retail America’s largest private sec-tor employer. With more than $3.8 trillion in sales and hundreds of billions paid in wages, retail is one of America’s most powerful eco-nomic engines. In fact, consumer spending represents two-thirds of U.S. gross domestic product (GDP). Despite the retail industry’s prominent place in the economy, retailers pay among the highest effective tax rates among U.S. industries. In 2016, retailers paid an average domestic effective tax rate of 34.6 percent. As a result, retailers paid $32.5 billion in federal taxes, representing 11 percent of the total federal corporate income tax paid by all cor-porate taxpayers. This tax treatment for the retail sector stifles job creation, investment, and consumer savings for a sector so impor-tant to our nation’s economy. It has been 31 years since the tax code has been fundamentally reformed. RILA and its member companies urge passage of the con-ference report to H.R. 1, ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’ to finalize this once in a generation op-portunity to reform the tax code to benefit the economy and America’s workers, con-sumers, and businesses. 
DOWCHEMICAL COMPANY . D
EARREPRESENTATIVE BRADY : On behalf of The Dow Chemical Company, I write to urge you to vote in favor of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This bill represents a hard-won com-promise based on constructive dialogue among many stakeholders, and it deserves to become law. Tax reform is critical for American manu-facturers and our ability to thrive at home and compete globally. The legislation before you achieves a lower corporate rate and a shift to a territorial system—the key compo-nents of a pro-growth policy that will help U.S. manufacturers succeed in an increas-ingly competitive global environment. Over the past 10 years, Dow has invested more than $8 billion in the U.S. and Dow is prepared to invest an additional $4 billion in American manufacturing factories and infra-structure. This bill, with a focus on U.S. growth and competitiveness, will drive fur-ther investments such as ours, resulting in more jobs and strengthening the U.S. manu-facturing sector, along with the many indus-tries it supports. Passing this bill and enacting the first major overhaul of our tax code in a genera-tion will be a significant accomplishment for this Congress. Most importantly, tax reform will bolster American businesses of all sizes, their employees and the communities they call home. SEMICONDUCTOR INDUSTRY ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, December 18, 2017. Re Semiconductor Industry backs Corporate Tax Reform Conference Report. The Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA), representing U.S. leadership in semi-conductor manufacturing, design, and re-search, today announced its support for the conference report on H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The conference report rec-onciles differences between tax reform bills passed by the House and Senate in recent weeks. Votes on the conference report are expected this week in both chambers. ‘‘America’s economic strength and global technology leadership depend heavily on cor-porate tax policy that promotes growth and encourages innovation,’’ said John Neuffer, president & CEO, Semiconductor Industry Association. ‘‘We support the conference re-port because it includes several important provisions that will make U.S. semicon-ductor companies more globally competitive. SIA is particularly pleased that conferees largely retained the balanced international approach of the Senate bill.’’ The conference report includes several measures the U.S. semiconductor has long supported. These include lowering the cor-porate rate to a globally competitive level of 21 percent, modernizing our international tax structure, and creating an incentive for foreign income from intellectual property (IP) held in the U.S. Repeal of the corporate Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT) also pro-tects the utility of the R&D tax credit, which helps ensure our industry can stay at the tip of the technology leadership spear. ‘‘Semiconductors are one of America’s top exports and a key driver of U.S. economic strength, national security, and technology leadership,’’ said Neuffer. ‘‘This legislation modernizes the U.S. tax code and makes the United States a more competitive location for semiconductor research, design, and man-ufacturing. We urge the Senate and House to pass it and the President to sign it into law in short order.’’ 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  I
NDUSTRY COUNCIL . D
EAR LEADERS MCCONNELL AND SCHUMER , S
PEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : On be- half of the over 60 members of the Informa-tion Technology Industry Council (ITI), I write to express our strong support of the conference report to the H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Given the importance of these provisions to the high-tech community, we will consider scoring votes in support of final passage of the tax reform legislation in our 115th Congressional Voting Guide. ITI has long advocated for tax reform that builds a more competitive economy and incentivizes innovation. We are pleased to see that this critical legislation includes a permanent, competitive corporate rate, moves to a territorial system and creates powerful incentives for innovation including a permanent Research and Development Credit, and a tax incentive for income made abroad on intellectual property held in the United States. Updating the over 30-year-old U.S. tax code is an essential step towards a more rational system for the nation. Adopting a territorial tax system where profits are taxed where they occur is essential to aligning the US system with the rest of the world. Similarly lowering the corporate rate, from one the highest statutory rates in the developed world, will make the United States more competitive in the global arena. Critically for our sector, the law will help ensure the United States remains the global leader in innovative technologies by providing incen-tives for the development and retention of intellectual property. On behalf of ITI’s member companies, we urge members of the House and Senate to support the final conference report to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. COALITION FOR AMERICAN INSURANCE , Washington, DC, December 18, 2017. Re we support the Tax Cut and Jobs Act. 
LEGISLATION ESTABLISHES LEVEL PLAYING  
FIELD FOR ALL INSURERS IN U .S. The Coalition for American Insurance strongly supports the final version of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The historic legisla-tion includes a significant reform that will ensure more equal tax treatment for U.S. based insurers and consumers by addressing a longstanding loophole that allowed foreign insurance companies to move their U.S.-gen-erated insurance profits abroad to avoid tax. ‘‘With this agreement, Congress has made good on its promise to create U.S. jobs and to keep American companies competitive in the global marketplace. Importantly, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act helps to close the tax haven loophole in the current tax code that unfairly rewarded the transfer of profits and jobs overseas. Now, with the inclusion of the Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse Tax (BEAT) to impede the offshoring of profits by foreign companies to tax havens, all insurers oper-ating in the U.S. market will do so on the most level playing field in decades. ‘‘The BEAT is not discriminatory. Instead, it ensures that all companies doing business in the United States will pay U.S. taxes on that business. This is an important reform that will help maintain a thriving American- based insurance industry and enhance choices for all consumers. ‘‘We strongly urge members of the House and Senate to approve the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act so that this bill can be signed into law this year.’’ 
AT&T. AT&T remains committed to invest an ad-ditional $1 billion in the United States in 2018 if the bill proposed by the House and Senate conference committee is passed into law. 
NATIONAL ROOFING  C
ONTRACTORS ASSOCIATION . The National Roofing Contractors Associa-tion (NRCA) supports the conference report 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE8.010 E20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1734 December 20, 2017 
for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (H.R. 1). NRCA has long supported pro-growth tax reform that lowers rates for all types of employers and better enables roofing industry entre-preneurs to grow their businesses and create more high paying, family-sustaining jobs. We believe the final version of H.R. 1 will in-crease incentives for productive investment in our industry and ultimately expand eco-nomic growth in the U.S. Established in 1886, NRCA is one of the na-tion’s oldest trade associations and the voice of professional roofing contractors world-wide. NRCA’s 3,600 member companies rep-resent all segments of the roofing industry, including contractors, manufacturers, dis-tributors, consultants and other industry employers in all 50 states. NRCA members are typically small, privately held compa-nies, but our membership includes businesses of all sizes. During peak season, the average member employs 45 people. NRCA applauds your leadership in advanc-ing tax reform through the House and Sen-ate. We are pleased to see that the final bill provides lower tax rates for both corpora-tions and businesses structured as pass-through entities; expands expensing capabili-ties for qualifying property, including com-mercial roofs; doubles the death tax exemp-tion; and improves accounting methods for small businesses, among other provisions. We are especially pleased to see progress made on improving the new tax credit for passthrough employers and ensuring that family-owned businesses that utilize trusts are not excluded from benefiting from tax re-form. Again, NRCA supports the conference re-port on H.R. 1 and commends you for your leadership in advancing tax reform that will strengthen the roofing industry. We urge members of the House and Senate to approve this legislation so it may be signed into law by the president. Thank you for your consid-eration of NRCA’s view on this crucial legis-lation. f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to raise awareness of an important issue facing our nation and community: the rise of human trafficking. The United States was founded on basic notions of human rights: that all people are born with an inalienable right to freedom, lib-erty and self-determination. Human trafficking is a crime against a person whereby through exploitation an individual is compelled to work or engage in a commercial sex act through force, fraud, or coercion, thereby being stripped of his/her fundamental human rights. Human trafficking is a form of modern-day slavery in which traffickers target vulnerable populations, including men, women, children, citizens and non-citizens, forcing them into servitude and/or the sex trade. Traffickers typi-cally use multiple means to control their vic-tims, including: beatings, rape, isolation, drug and/or alcohol dependency, document with-holding, and psychological and emotional abuse. The International Labor Organization esti-mates that globally there are 20.9 million vic-tims of trafficking. Nationally, the criminal en-terprise of human trafficking is second only to the illegal drug trade, in terms of the speed of its growth and being among the most lucrative international crimes. Human trafficking has been reported in all 50 states and reported cases of trafficking in-crease each year, with 7,621 cases reported and 26,727 calls made to the National Human Trafficking Hotline in 2016. Sadly, the State of Florida consistently ranks third in the number of calls made to the National Human Traf-ficking Hotline. In 2016, Florida, with 550 cases reported, had the third highest number of human trafficking cases in the country. Human trafficking is a crime that impacts Pasco County, Florida. Through the Pasco County Commission on Human Trafficking, our local community unites to combat this modern- day slavery, bringing together nonprofits, gov-ernment and non-government organizations, private sector businesses to aid in the preven-tion, prosecution, education and awareness ef-forts needed to restore freedom and dignity to survivors. Just last month, my responsibilities on the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Communications and Technology allowed me to question experts on the human trafficking crisis and the growing usage of the Internet to facilitate illegal activities as well as combatting criminals. At that hearing, my colleague even told a harrowing story of how his own daugh-ter was nearly kidnapped while traveling over-seas. I fully hope that these exchanges not only shed a light on human trafficking, but pro-vide more ammunition for law enforcement to save people from their captivity. More awareness, education, and advocacy is needed, as it is crucial to eradicating human trafficking in our local communities, state, and nation. To this end, January is declared as National Slavery and Human Trafficking Pre-vention Month and January 11th is declared as National Human Trafficking Awareness Day. Every community and every individual is needed to fight human trafficking wherever it exists. Let us declare as one that slavery has no place in our world, and let us finally restore to all people the most basic rights of freedom, dignity, and justice. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARSHA AND MIKE FISHER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Marsha and Mike Fisher of Adel, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on November 25th, 2017. Marsha and Mike’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. f 
WWI CHRISTMAS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the sounds of rifles firing and shells exploding faded into silence along the Western Front. It was De-cember 25, 1914, five months into the first World War. As dawn approached, German soldiers slipped from their trenches and made their way to no-mans-land, calling out Merry Christ-mas in the Allies language. The allies raised their weapons, fearing it was a trick. But upon seeing the enemy unarmed, the soldiers climbed out of their trenches, and began shaking hands with their foe. The men exchanged small gifts: cigarettes, beer and plum pudding, and sang carols and songs. Others used the break in war to collect their war dead, heroes of the war. The war would eventually claim 15 million lives. Mr. Speaker, this is one of the last ex-amples of chivalry between enemies in war-fare. For those few fleeting moments, there was ‘‘Peace on Earth and goodwill to men’’. Not even a World War can destroy the Christmas Spirit. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
INTEREST DISALLOWANCE AND THE AGRICULTURAL EXCEPTION 
HON. GEORGE HOLDING 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that today Congress is moving to reform the country’s tax code and will thereby create a tremendous economic engine that will produce major job expansion and economic growth. But with any piece of large legislation, there are inevitable refinements that can be made. If we do move a technical corrections bill next year, I am hopeful that we will address one aspect of the interest disallowance contained in the current bill. I am concerned that there are agricultural companies in North Carolina that will face challenges unless this matter is addressed, and a minor definitional correction will address this situation. The farming excep-tion included in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is limited to small companies growing crops and does not currently include the interdependent farming businesses which support them in processing and packing their crops. I believe that the agricultural exception should be ex-panded to address companies that also proc-ess and prepare crops, in addition to those that grow crops. This minor change would rec-ognize a unique and necessary sector of the farming industry, and I look forward to working with my colleagues on this important issue going forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE8.012 E20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1735 December 20, 2017 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 1, TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 19, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD letters from Heritage Action, American Action Network, SBE Council, and Americans for Prosperity: 
AMERICANS FOR PROSPERITY . 
LETTER NO . 1 AFP: H
ISTORIC TAXREFORM AGREEMENT  W
ILL UNLEASH ECONOMIC GROWTH AND  P
ROSPERITY  A
RLINGTON , VA.—Americans for Prosperity today cheered the final version of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act released by the tax reform conference committee. The organization commended lawmakers for crafting a bill that remains true to the principles of the Unified Framework and advances the ulti-mate goal of unrigging the economy for hardworking Americans. In praising the package, the group is point-ing out that it would provide tax relief for individuals at every income bracket, make U.S. businesses significantly more competi-tive by lowering the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, and includes efforts to simplify and ease the burden of tax com-pliance. In addition, the tax plan includes provisions long championed by AFP, such as repealing Obamacare’s unpopular individual mandate. Americans for Prosperity President Tim Phillips issued the following statement: ‘‘This final tax reform plan delivers relief to the working class while unleashing oppor-tunity and growth for America’s small busi-ness owners and job creators. All year, we’ve been calling on Congress to go bold and focus on making this pro-growth. We think they’ve done that. Although not perfect, the House and the Senate should be commended for their diligent work to significantly improve our broken system, and the Trump White House deserves credit for its relentless focus on getting tax reform done this year. ‘‘Lawmakers now face a historic moment— a once-in-a-generation opportunity to over-haul our nation’s broken tax code in order to create jobs, increase wages, fuel the econ-omy and unleash U.S. investment, which will usher in a new era of American innovation. We urge all members of Congress to embrace this historic plan and fulfill their promise to create a simpler, fairer and more competi-tive tax code by sending it to the president’s desk this year.’’ 
LETTER NO . 2 AFP K
EYVOTE: YES V OTE ON THE TAXCUTS 
ANDJOBSACT D
EARSENATORS : On behalf of more than 3.2 million Americans for Prosperity activists in all 50 states, I urge a YES vote on the Senate version of The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This tax reform package will deliver a fairer, flat-ter, and simpler tax code that will lead to stronger economic growth, more job cre-ation, and higher wages. Lawmakers should not miss this once-in-a-generation oppor-tunity. We urge you to vote YES on the Senate version of The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Amer-icans for Prosperity will include this vote in our congressional scorecard. This com-prehensive tax reform plan will bring tax re-lief to middle-class households and busi-nesses across the country. Americans would see individual tax rates fall from the current rate of 22.5 percent to 22 percent; 25 percent to 24 percent; and 32.5 rate to 32 percent. They would also benefit from an expanded standard deduction and repealing the Alter-native Minimum Tax. Businesses would see the corporate tax rate fall to 20 percent per-manently as well as improvements in the structure of our punishing international tax system. Meanwhile, small businesses—the economy’s top job creators—would also see welcome tax relief. Americans have suffered under an unfair, complex, and burdensome tax code which pits the least fortunate against the well-con-nected for far too long. It’s encouraging to see lawmakers follow through on their com-mitment to the American people to overhaul the tax code and make it work better for ev-eryday Americans. This vote will inform our engagement on the grassroots level in law-makers’ districts. We urge you to vote YES on the Senate version of The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Amer-icans for Prosperity will include this vote in our congressional scorecard. SBE C OUNCIL . SBE C
OUNCIL STATEMENT ON TAXREFORM  C
ONFERENCE REPORT : A S OLID BILLTHAT S
UPPORTS STRONG ECONOMIC GROWTH AND  E
NTREPRENEURSHIP  W
ASHINGTON , DC.—Small Business & En-trepreneurship Council (SBE Council) presi-dent & CEO Karen Kerrigan issued the fol-lowing statement about the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’ conference report unveiled today: ‘‘The conference report is a solid bill that will enable strong and sustainable economic growth, which is critical to healthy entre-preneurship and small business growth. It is vitally important that this tax package be signed into law this year to fuel the opti-mism and confidence that is strengthening our economy and bolstering investment, which is key to higher wage growth and more opportunity in areas of the country that have never recovered from the great re-cession. ‘‘We appreciate the efforts of the con-ference committee, especially as it relates to keeping entrepreneurs, their workforce and the dreamers who want to start businesses at the center of tax reform. We urge the House and Senate to quickly pass the legislation so it can be signed by President Trump this year.’’ 
AMERICAN ACTION NETWORK . A
MERICAN ACTION NETWORK STATEMENT ON  T
AXCONFERENCE AGREEMENT  
CONGRESS ON THE VERGE OF DELIVERING HIS -
TORIC , ONCE -IN-A-GENERATION TAX REFORM  
TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE  W
ASHINGTON .—Following the House and Senate’s announcement of a conference agreement on tax reform, American Action Network (@AAN) Executive Director Corry Bliss issued the following statement: ‘‘House and Senate leadership should be commended for their work, and today’s progress, toward making meaningful tax re-form a reality for working families across the country. Congress is on the verge of de-livering historic, once-in-a-generation tax reform to the American people, and this is an opportunity that cannot be wasted. Right now, too many families are living paycheck- to-paycheck, struggling to make ends meet because of an archaic and unfair tax code. The plan presented by Congress today will expand economic opportunity for all Ameri-cans by unleashing more jobs, lower taxes and a fairer playing field for businesses. Now, it is up to the House and Senate to quickly bring the legislation forward for a vote, and send it to the President’s desk to become law before Christmas.’’ AAN has been the highest spending outside group in the effort to pass meaningful tax re-form, and launched the Middle-Class Growth Initiative in August to promote pro-growth tax reform passage. The multi-pronged ef-fort, now totaling over $24 million, has in-cluded advertising on television, radio, dig-ital, direct mail, and mobile billboards in over 60 congressional districts across the country. HERITAGE ACTION . ‘‘YES’’ 
ONCONFERENCE REPORT FOR THE TAX C
UTS AND JOBSACT(H.R. 1) D
ECEMBER 18, 2017.—This week, the House and Senate will vote on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (H.R. 1), the most significant tax reform and tax cut legislative initiative since the 1986 tax reform package passed under President Ronald Reagan. The bill would make sweeping changes to the indi-vidual and corporate codes, and eliminate Obamacare’s individual mandate penalty. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Conference re-port would unleash economic growth, in-crease wages for American workers, create new jobs, and provide tax relief to all Ameri-cans including the middle and working class-es, main street businesses, and U.S. corpora-tions. It accomplishes this by 1) cutting the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 per-cent, 2) allowing pass-through businesses to deduct 20 percent of taxable income, 3) per-mitting full and immediate expensing of new and capital equipment for five years, 4) mov-ing toward a territorial tax system that incentivizes foreign investment here in America, 5) lowering marginal tax rates for all Americans, 6) doubling the standard de-duction, and 7) providing substantial relief from the death tax. According to Heritage Foundation re-search, the GOP tax reform bill could in-crease long-run gross domestic product (GDP) by almost 3 percent, translating into an increase of $4,000 per household. The Tax Foundation estimates, if enacted perma-nently, the tax plan will increase wages by 3.3 percent and create roughly 1.6 million new full-time equivalent (FTE) jobs. This is exactly the kind of economic growth our country needs and what congressional Re-publicans and President Trump promised on the campaign trail. Two important provi-sions contained in the tax plan is the near elimination of the state and local tax (SALT) deduction and the full elimination of the Obamacare individual mandate tax pen-alty. Eliminating the SALT deduction ends the practice of federal taxpayers subsidizing liberal state governments, which will put pressure on state and local governments to be more fiscally responsible. In fact, New Jersey Senate President Steve Sweeney said ‘‘We’re going to have to re-evaluate every-thing’’ if the bill becomes law. Like the House bill, the Senate bill allows for a $10,000 deduction for property tax. Eliminating the individual mandate provides tax relief to working class Americans who can’t afford expensive Obamacare insurance plans. Addi-tionally, both provisions raise significant revenue needed to lower marginal tax rates under Senate budget reconciliation rules. It’s been far too long since Congress made lasting positive changes to the U.S. tax code—three decades in fact. Since that time, our convoluted 74,000-page tax code has sup-pressed American entrepreneurship, driven companies and jobs overseas, and made it harder and harder for American families to leave a better life for their children. Mem-bers of Congress justifiably concerned about the national debt should look to cut federal spending to balance the budget, not con-fiscate hard-earned income from individuals or punish profitable businesses. Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE8.017 E20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1736 December 20, 2017 
cannot tax the American people into eco-nomic prosperity nor can it raise enough rev-enue to balance the budget if it continues to spend nearly $4 trillion a year. Adam Michel, Policy Analyst in the Thom-as A. Roe Institute at The Heritage Founda-tion explains: ‘‘Holding pro-growth tax reform hostage over the deficit unwittingly makes fiscally responsible spending reforms harder. The deficit cannot be eliminated with tax in-creases. The notion that we can tax our way out of trouble denies the fundamental prob-lem: The deficit is driven by uncontrolled spending. Tax reform that grows the econ-omy can also ease the burden of paying down the debt. Robust economic growth is a nec-essary component of managing our debt. Pro-growth tax reform that allows for a larg-er and more robust economy means our debt relative to our output shrinks and makes the necessary spending reforms easier.’’ Due to the self-imposed $1.5 trillion deficit tax cut box Senate Republicans elected to put themselves in, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is not as robust as tax reform should be under a unified Republican government, but it certainly is what President Reagan would call ‘‘half a loaf.’’ While Congress cannot tax the country into prosperity, it can and should deliver meaningful tax reform that spurs sustainable, long-term economic growth. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a strong step toward that end. The time for pro-growth tax reform is now. *** Heritage Action supports the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and will include it as a key vote on our legislative scorecard. *** f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE VICTIMS OF CYBER ABUSE 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of Kati Milberg-Pavek in recognition of and in shared grief for the indefensible cyber abuse she faced following the deaths of her daughter and two nieces: Clara Diana Pavek, Lydia Marie Milberg and Laynie Jo Amos. On December 12, 2013, a terrible tragedy took the lives of three wonderful children. I was fur-ther saddened and disturbed by the unprovoked comments and harassment that the victims and their families subsequently faced on social media, as well as local news outlets and publications. As First Lady to the United States of Amer-ica, Melania Trump has declared a campaign against cyber-bullying and reckless abuse, and like her I rise to condemn the hatred by these reckless individuals. Though my words can never reverse the awful heartbreak Ms. Milberg-Pavek and her family have suffered, I hope that by speaking out against victims’ abuse, we can encourage those in control of online platforms to play a more active role in monitoring these hateful attacks, especially when innocent children are involved. No one should have to endure these types of spiteful on-line comments in the wake of a loss again, and I stand with those who actively seek to provide solutions for this growing problem. My deepest sympathies are with Ms. Milberg- Pavek and her family. HONORING MR. JOHN F. TRENTACOSTA HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John Trentacosta upon his retirement as President and CEO of Newtown Savings Bank in Newtown, Connecticut. For the past nineteen years, John has provided experienced and insightful leadership at New-town Savings Bank, and his contributions have been crucial to guiding the institution through both successful and challenging economies. John is a native of Bronx, New York, and completed his undergraduate degree at Man-hattan College before going on to earn his Master of Business Administration at Iona Col-lege. He began working in finance in New York before moving with his wife Linda to Connecticut in 1988. Throughout his long and successful career in the financial industry, John has served in a number of leadership roles, such as Chief Financial Officer, for a va-riety of institutions. Following a decade of working at the Bank of New Haven, John joined Newtown Savings Bank in 1998, and became President in 2003 and CEO in 2009. His experience and leadership have been in-strumental in continuing the organization’s success for the future. In addition to his successful career, John has shared his time and expertise with a num-ber of community and professional organiza-tions in Connecticut. He currently serves on the Western Connecticut State University Foundation Board, and has previously been Director of Habitat for Humanity of New Haven and Chairperson of the Newtown Rotary Golf Fundraiser Event. John has also served as a board member of the Connecticut Society of CPA’s Educational Trust Fund, a member of the Connecticut Community Bankers Associa-tion’s Executive Committee, and a member of the Greater Danbury Chamber of Commerce board. Mr. Speaker, in his nineteen years of lead-ership at Newtown Savings Bank, John Trentacosta has been a successful leader in Connecticut’s financial services industry, and he has also been a true partner to our com-munity. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. 
f 
DOT MILLER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dot Miller for being hon-ored as a ‘‘7Everyday Hero’’ by KMGH Chan-nel 7 for her outstanding service to the com-munity. Dot is the former President of the Arvada Chamber of Commerce. During her leadership the Chamber grew from 450 members to more than 700 members. During that time, she also helped educate Arvada businesses and de-velop future leaders by exposing students to the workforce. In 2011, Dot created the Jefferson County Business Education Alliance (JCBEA) which partners business owners and students with educational opportunities such as internships and job shadowing opportunities. One of the signature programs of the JCBEA is the Ca-reer Readiness Program which brings together teachers, administrators and business leaders in the community to help students in the class-room. This program is a course made up of six modules where students learn various skills ranging from work ethic and customer service to financial responsibility. In addition, students learn interview skills and how to write resumes. The JCBEA also provides workforce- ready training by conducting mock interviews between students and business leaders in the community. I extend my deepest congratulations to Dot Miller for receiving this well-deserved honor as a ‘‘7Everyday Hero’’. Her positive impact on the community will be felt for many years to come. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, De-cember 18, 2017, I missed the following votes and was not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 685, YEA on Roll Call No. 686, and YEA on Roll Call No. 687. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONNA AND RON MARTIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Donna and Ron Martin of Greenfield, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on October 28, 2017. Donna and Ron’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them nothing but the best. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 1, TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 19, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD letters from Ford Motor Com-pany, MetLife, Coalition Letter, Americans for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20DE8.018 E20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1737 December 20, 2017 
Tax Reform, National Taxpayers Union, and a letter signed by National Taxpayers Union, 60 Plus Association, ALEC Action, American Ac-tion Network, American Commitment, Amer-ican Conservative Union, Americans for a Strong Economy, Americans for Tax Reform, Association of Mature American Citizens (AMAC), Campaign for Liberty, Center for Freedom and Prosperity, Center for Individual Freedom, Center for Worker Freedom, Club for Growth, Consumer Action for a Strong Economy (CASE), Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, Digital Liberty, Faith & Freedom Coalition, Family Business Coalition, Freedom Foundation of Minnesota, FreedomWorks, Heritage Action for America, Hispanic Leadership Fund, Independent Wom-en’s Voice, Institute for a Policy Innovation, In-vest in Education Coalition, The James Madi-son Institute, The John K. Maclver Institute for Public Policy, Middle Class Growth Initiative, Niskanen Center, Property Rights Alliance, Rio Grande Foundation, Small Business & Entre-preneurship Council, Taxpayers Protection Al-liance, Tea Party Patriots Citizens Fund, and Women for Trump: 
FORDMOTOR COMPANY . As an American automaker with more than 85,000 U.S. employees, we applaud your strong commitment to producing tax reform that we believe will help support continued investment in American manufacturing and the good-paying jobs it supports. Over the last five years, Ford has invested more than $12 billion in its U.S. factories. We have more U.S. hourly employees and produce more vehicles in the U.S. than any other automaker. We also continue to ex-pand our ranks of high-tech engineering, re-search and IT jobs in the U.S. and each year, we invest nearly $7 billion in research and development, the vast majority of which is conducted in the United States. We believe these investments will not only enhance our products today, but lead to the innovation that transforms the future of transportation. Your collective work and perseverance in driving tax reform is critical to America’s continued leadership in today’s globally competitive marketplace. We urge you to quickly pass this proposal and seize this generational opportunity to make tax re-form a reality. 
METLIFE. ‘‘MetLife has been on the record since Sep-tember in support of pro-growth tax reform. We argued that companies should set aside narrow self-interest and support any tax package that boosts growth and jobs. The conference report on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 meets that test and we urge its enactment.’’ 
COALITION LETTER . On behalf of the undersigned organizations and our millions of members from across the country, we write in support of the Con-ference Report to H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA). With passage of this his-toric legislation, Congress will finally de-liver on the promise of fundamental tax re-form. TCJA will encourage economic growth, simplify the tax code, and provide American families and individuals with much-needed tax relief. On the individual side of the code, it will provide immediate financial benefits to American households by cutting rates across the board, doubling the standard deduction, and expanding the child tax credit. It will simplify the tax code so that more than 90 percent of filers will be able to avoid the complicated and burdensome process of itemization. For businesses, the TCJA drops the cor-porate rate from 35 percent to a far more competitive 21 percent, which is below the average for industrialized nations. Corpora-tions and small businesses alike would see lower rates and reduced burdens. It also cre-ates a modern, territorial system of taxation that ends the competitive disadvantage that U.S. businesses face internationally. These changes will encourage more entrepreneur-ship, increase wages, create jobs, and lead to more investment in the domestic economy. With these changes and more, lawmakers are casting a vision for the future of this country; one that empowers individuals, families and businesses to invest and succeed in the American dream. The Conference Report to H.R. 1 is a pro- growth, pro-family, and pro-worker legisla-tive proposal. We encourage all Members of Congress to support its passage. Pete Sepp, National Taxpayers Union, James L. Martin, 60 Plus Association, Lisa B. Nelson, ALEC Action, Corry Bliss, Amer-ican Action Network, Phil Kerpen, American Commitment, Daniel Schneider, American Conservative Union, Tom Giovanetti, Ameri-cans for a Strong Economy, Grover Norquist, Americans for Tax Reform, Dan Weber, Asso-ciation of Mature American Citizens (AMAC). Norm Singleton, Campaign for Liberty, Andrew F. Quinlan, Center for Freedom and Prosperity, Jeffrey Mazzella, Center for Indi-vidual Freedom, Olivia Grady, Center for Worker Freedom, David McIntosh, Club for Growth, Matthew Kandrach, Consumer Ac-tion for a Strong Economy (CASE), Tom Schatz, Council for Citizens Against Govern-ment Waste, Katie McAuliffe, Digital Lib-erty, Timothy Head, Faith & Freedom Coali-tion, Alex Ayers, Family Business Coalition. Annette Meeks, Freedom Foundation of Minnesota, Jason Pye, FreedomWorks, Mi-chael A. Needham, Heritage Action for America, Mario Lopez, Hispanic Leadership Fund, Heather R. Higgins, Independent Wom-en’s Voice, Tom Giovanetti, Institute for a Policy Innovation, Thomas W. Carroll, In-vest in Education Coalition, J. Robert McClure, The James Madison Institute, Brett Healy, The John K. Maclver Institute for Public Policy. Michael Steel, Middle Class Growth Initia-tive, Jerry Taylor, Niskanen Center, Lorenzo Montanari, Property Rights Alliance, Paul Gessing, Rio Grande Foundation, Karen Kerrigan, Small Business & Entrepreneur-ship Council, David Williams, Taxpayers Protection Alliance, Jenny Beth Martin, Tea Party Patriots Citizens Fund, Amy Kremer, Women for Trump. AMERICANS FOR TAXREFORM . 
LETTER NO . 2 N
ORQUIST STATEMENT ON CONFERENCE  R
EPORT FOR TAXCUTS AND JOBSACT ‘‘A floor wax AND a delicious dessert top-ping that will create millions of American jobs and simplify and lower taxes on Ameri-cans’’ ATR president Grover Norquist praised the conference report for Tax Cuts and Jobs Act as follows: ‘‘In December 1975 Saturday Night Live un-veiled ‘‘Shimmer’’ which was a floor wax AND a dessert topping. [See the video here] ‘‘Today in December 2017 Republicans will enact the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The bill is a floor wax and a delicious dessert topping: it will create millions of American jobs AND simplify and lower taxes on Americans. ‘‘It reduces taxes on American corpora-tions AND small businesses. ‘‘It simplifies the tax code so most Ameri-cans can file on a postcard AND offers tax re-lief for Americans at every income level. ‘‘It will increase take-home pay AND grow the economy. ‘‘It will end the Obamacare mandate tax paid by millions of Americans—80% of whom earn less than $50,000—AND it will free up oil in Alaska.’’ LETTER NO . 2 K
EYVOTE: ATR U RGES ‘‘YES’’ V OTE ON CON-
FERENCE REPORT TO H.R. 1, THETAXCUTS 
ANDJOBSACT The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will create mil-lions of American jobs and higher wages AND simplify and lower taxes on Americans at every income level. ATR Urges a YES vote. Later this week, members of the House and Senate will vote on the conference report to H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. ATR urges a YES vote on this pro-growth, pro- family legislation. This legislation offers tax reduction and simplification for families, individuals, small businesses, and corporations. Over the next decade, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act re-duces taxes by $5.5 trillion and eliminates $4 trillion worth of distortionary credits and deductions. H.R. 1 simplifies the tax code so most Americans can file on a postcard and offers tax relief for Americans at every income level. Under this plan, a family of four with the nationwide median income of $73,000 will receive a tax cut of $2,059. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will also grow the economy leading to increased take-home pay and the creation of new or better jobs for families across the country. In addition, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ends the Obamacare mandate tax paid by millions of Americans—80% of whom earn less than $50,000—and allows responsible pro-duction of oil in Alaska. By voting YES on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, members of the House and Senate have a rare opportunity to reform the broken tax code and offer relief to families and busi-nesses across the country. All Senators and Congressmen should vote for H.R. 1. 
NATIONAL TAXPAYERS UNION. N
ATIONAL TAXPAYERS UNION VOTEALERT  NTU strongly urges all Members of Con-gress to vote ‘‘YES’’ on the Conference Re-port to H.R. 1, the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’ This legislation would overhaul our nation’s broken tax code, stimulate economic growth, and provide struggling American families with much-needed tax relief. Tax reform is our nation’s highest fiscal priority. For too long, our tax code has held back our econ-omy and placed a heavy burden on American workers and job creators. H.R. 1 will make U.S. businesses significantly more competi-tive by lowering the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, shifting to a terri-torial system of taxation, and incentivizing capital investment into the economy. All of these changes will benefit American workers from across the economic spectrum by in-creasing wages and creating new jobs. Additionally, H.R. 1 will ease the burden of taxation by doubling the standard deduction so that over 90 percent of filers can avoid the complicated process of itemization. It will provide immediate benefits to families via a 100 percent increase in the child tax credit and lower rates on taxable income across the board. Under H.R. 1, a typical family of four will be able to earn just over $56,000 before having to pay a penny in federal income taxes, expanding what is known as the ‘‘zero percent tax bracket.’’ Americans need tax re-form and tax relief. H.R. 1 delivers on both counts. Roll call votes on H.R. 1 will be heavily weighted in our annual Rating of Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE8.024 E20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1738 December 20, 2017 
and a ‘‘YES’’ vote will be considered the pro- taxpayer position. f 
CONGRATULATING CAPTAIN JOHN LUNA ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE GRAPEVINE POLICE DEPARTMENT 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Captain John Luna on his well-earned retirement from the Grapevine Police Department in Grapevine, Texas, after thirty-two years of dedicated serv-ice as a law enforcement officer. John’s esteemed career began when he joined the police department of San Marcos, Texas, in 1985. John’s service to the City of San Marcos continued for over ten years when, in 1996, he began his career with the City of Grapevine. Since joining the department, John has hon-orably served his community and built a rep-utation as a hardworking and respected offi-cer. Throughout his career in Grapevine, John received 29 letters of commendation, recog-nizing his professionalism and service to the community. He has served as a Field Training Officer, Police Instructor, Detective, Grapevine SWAT Team Hostage Negotiator, Honor Guard Member, and a Public Information Offi-cer. John’s dedication as a public servant is ap-parent in his pursuit of continued education and trainings to help provide a better service to his community. He completed his basic, in-termediate, advanced, and master’s police certifications, accumulating over 3,968 hours of police in-service trainings. Furthermore, John is a 2009 graduate of the 236th session of the F.B.I. National Academy, which is a pro-fessional course of study for U.S. and inter-national law enforcement managers who are nominated by their agency heads because of demonstrated leadership qualities. John’s contributions to the law enforcement operations in the City of Grapevine have helped to ensure countless officers have been superbly trained and prepared for the chal-lenges they face in their everyday duties as police officers. His legacy will leave a lasting mark on the City of Grapevine and the Grape-vine Police Department for years to come. Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize the exceptional efforts John has contributed to the City of Grapevine. I ask all of my distin-guished colleagues to join me in recognizing Captain John Luna and his many years of service and wishing him the best in his retire-ment. 
f 
HONORING THE MESSIAH COLLEGE MEN’S SOCCER TEAM FOR WIN-NING THE NCAA DIVISION III NA-TIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I extend sincere congratulations to the Messiah College Men’s Soccer Team for winning the NCAA Di-vision III National Championship. This is the 11th time the Messiah Falcons earned the title, ‘‘National Champions.’’ The Falcons defeated the North Park Vi-kings in a 2–1 victory on December 2, 2017. The win completed a 24–2 campaign for the Falcons that matched their team record for single-season wins, while also making Mes-siah 11–for–11 in title game appearances. The dedication and perseverance of these student athletes should inspire everyone. I ex-tend my congratulations as well to head coach Brad McCarty, and the school officials, family and friends who supported these young men on their incredible journey. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I commend and congratu-late the Messiah College Men’s Soccer Team on the hard work and determination that led to their National Championship. f 
TRIBUTE TO VICKIE AND GENE PEEL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Vickie and Gene Peel of Perry, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on November 25th, 2017. Vickie and Gene’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
f 
ST. FRANCES XAVIER CABRINI (MOTHER CABRINI) 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and missionary work of St. Frances Xavier Cabrini (Mother Cabrini) and commemorate the 100th anniver-sary of her passing. Mother Cabrini came to Denver, Colorado in 1902 to help Italian Immigrants who worked in the mines and on the railroad. She opened the Queen of Heaven Orphanage to care for girls ages 2 through 15 at 48th & Federal Blvd. which remained open from 1905 to 1967. Mother Cabrini believed the girls in the or-phanage would benefit from trips out of the city so she purchased 900 acres of land in Mount Vernon Canyon to serve as a summer camp for the girls from the Queen of Heaven Orphanage. The summer camp in Mount Vernon Canyon was said to have no source of water on the property. Mother Cabrini told her Sisters who accompanied her to foothills, ‘‘move that rock and you will find water clean enough to drink.’’ The spring of water from that location still flows today. Many have given testimony to the water’s impact in helping their suffering and ailments. Mother Cabrini was canonized America’s first citizen saint in 1946 and was also named the Patroness of Immigrants. In total, she opened 67 schools, orphanages and hospitals in her relatively short lifetime. The Missionary Sisters of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, the reli-gious order founded by Mother Cabrini, have served and ministered to the people of Colo-rado since 1902. Mother Cabrini died 100 years ago on De-cember 22, 1917. Throughout her life she cared for the poorest of the poor and immi-grants in need. Her life and legacy have been celebrated during this centenary year through-out the world. I extend my deepest gratitude in recognition of all that Mother Cabrini accomplished in her time in Colorado. I am grateful for the contin-uous dedication the Mother Cabrini Shrine of-fers the community in her memory. f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 1, TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 19, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD letters from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Business Roundtable, National Association of Manufacturers, National Fed-eration of Independent Business, and the Alli-ance for Competitive Taxation: 
U.S. C HAMBERS OF COMMERCE . T
OTHEMEMBERS OF THE UNITED STATES  C
ONGRESS : The U.S. Chamber of Commerce urges Congress to complete its final step to enact comprehensive, pro-growth tax reform legislation and pass the conference report to accompany H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The Chamber will include votes related to this legislation in our How They Voted scorecard. By passing the conference report, Congress would unleash resources for busi-nesses large and small to hire new workers, expand facilities, and purchase new equip-ment. Bringing about tax reform would help ensure that these investments are made here in the United States, and these investments would lead to higher wages and catalyze broad economic growth. Moreover, H.R. 1 would provide additional growth by allowing for environmentally-sen-sitive oil and gas production in an area in northern Alaska set aside by Congress for energy exploration in 1980. The Chamber applauds the work of the conferees for reporting a strong pro-growth tax reform bill. The members of the Finance and Ways and Means Committees from this and previous congresses also deserve much credit for their work during this multi-year effort. Tax reform is a big engine that will power a growing economy for years to come. Only one step remains for Congress to keep its commitment to approving pro-growth, com-prehensive tax reform legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE8.025 E20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1739 December 20, 2017 
BUSINESS ROUNDTABLE . B
USINESS ROUNDTABLE STATEMENT IN SUP-
PORT OF THE CONFERENCE REPORT ON PRO- G
ROWTH TAXREFORM  W
ASHINGTON , DC.—Business Roundtable today issued the following statement in sup-port of the conference report on H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017: ‘‘This bill represents a remarkable, once- in-a-generation achievement by the House and Senate. Business leaders applaud the conference committee for coming to an agreement that will promote U.S. competi-tiveness and spur economic growth. This agreement results from years of serious pol-icy work and debate that produced legisla-tion the President can now sign into law. Business Roundtable strongly endorses this conference report and urges both chambers to pass it without delay.’’ 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  M
ANUFACTURERS . 
LETTER NO . 1 NAM 
ONTAXCUTS AND JOBSACT: HISTORIC  P
ROGRESS FOR MANUFACTURERS  
TIMMONS : ‘‘MANUFACTURERS WILL INVEST IN  
THEIR COMPANIES AND WORKERS .’’ W
ASHINGTON , DC.—National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) President and CEO Jay Timmons released the following state-ment on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act con-ference report: ‘‘America will be better off than we are today once this tax reform bill becomes law. This legislation represents historic progress for manufacturers and for all Americans. As manufacturers across our country have said many times, tax reform done right will em-power us to create more well-paying jobs and invest and build more right here in America. According to the NAM’s latest Manufactur-ers’ Outlook Survey, a pro-growth tax code will encourage manufacturers to increase capital spending, expand their businesses and hire more workers—and nearly half will in-crease employee wages and benefits. ‘‘While this bill is good news, we can never quit looking at what other countries are doing every single day to take away our mantle of economic leadership. The NAM has fought for years—decades, really—for even lower rates than provided in this legislation for manufacturers of all sizes, especially small manufacturers organized as pass- through entities. We will not let up. We will work to ensure this legislation functions as intended. ‘‘We will continue our fight and will rally manufacturing workers and their families to encourage more progress in the years ahead. Today, we’re calling for our government to produce a comprehensive study every three years to compare how the U.S. tax code stacks up with our competitors around the world. The last time true tax reform was en-acted was in 1986, 31 years ago. If we wait until 2048 to revisit the tax code, we will no doubt discover that we have fallen signifi-cantly behind once again. For the future of every manufacturing worker in America, our elected leaders must constantly strive to en-sure our country’s business climate is far better than merely average. Manufacturers and the NAM will never stop leading that fight.’’ 
LETTER NO . 2 The National Association of Manufacturers (NAM), the largest manufacturing associa-tion in the United States, representing man-ufacturers in every industrial sector and in all 50 states, urges you to support the Con-ference Report to H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. American workers need bold tax reform to not just raise their job prospects but to im-prove their lives. For years, manufacturing workers have sought an updated tax code that spurs economic growth and global com-petitiveness. Instead, they have a system that holds our nation back due to high tax rates on our small manufacturers, the back-bone of our economy, and hinders large man-ufacturing enterprises that provide liveli-hoods for millions of families. Manufacturers are saddled with arcane rules for taxing international income and significant compli-ance burdens that exacerbate our competi-tive disadvantage. We are counting on you to lift up these hardworking men and women. The Conference Report to H.R. 1 takes the important steps toward addressing five key elements that NAM members believe will set the stage for manufacturing growth: a lower corporate rate, reduced burdens on business income earned by pass-through entities, a territorial tax system, robust incentives for capital equipment purchases and retention of tax incentives for research and development. While this bill could go even further to ad-dress these key areas that promote added economic growth, it still provides the oppor-tunity to strengthen the manufacturing economy. With this vote, you have the abil-ity to improve manufacturers’ global com-petitiveness, grow the economy, spur invest-ment and create more well-paying manufac-turing jobs. For every $1.00 spent in manu-facturing an additional $1.89 is added to the economy. In 2015, the average manufacturing worker earned nearly $82,000 per year in sal-ary and benefits. In short, passing historic tax reform will lead to better jobs, better wages and better opportunities for more peo-ple to achieve their American Dream. The NAM’s Key Vote Advisory Committee has in-dicated that votes on the Conference Report to H.R. 1, including procedural motions, may be considered for designation as Key Manu-facturing Votes in the 115th Congress. Thank you for your consideration. NATIONAL FEDERATION OF  I
NDEPENDENT BUSINESS . 
LETTER NO . 1 National Federation of Independent Busi-ness says this is the tax relief that small business needs, urges quick passage The National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) issued the following state-ment today on behalf of President and CEO Juanita Duggan on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, released today by the conference com-mittee: ‘‘We are very pleased by the tax bill re-ported out of conference today, and we are grateful to leaders in the House and Senate for following through on their promise to cut taxes on small businesses. ‘‘Tax relief is the number-one priority for small businesses, which represent half the economy and half the GDP. This bill will allow millions of small business owners to keep and reinvest more of their money, so they can grow and create jobs. We urge both chambers to pass the bill quickly, so it can be signed into law before the end of the year.’’ 
LETTER NO . 2 On behalf of the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB), the nation’s leading small business advocacy organiza-tion, I am writing in support of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act conference report. This legisla-tion will provide much needed tax relief to America’s job-creating small businesses. This will be considered an NFIB Key Vote for the 115th Congress. Small business is the engine of the econ-omy, and tax reform should provide substan-tial relief to all small businesses so they can reinvest their money, grow, and create jobs. Ninety-nine percent of all American busi-nesses are small businesses; the average NFIB member has just 10 employees. Taken in sum, however, small businesses create half of all private-sector jobs in the U.S. and con-tribute half the nation’s gross domestic product. Three-quarters of America’s small employ-ers are structured as pass-through entities, meaning their owners are taxed at the indi-vidual rate as opposed to the corporate rate. Crucially, the conference report creates a new 20% deduction for pass-through income of small businesses. Further, it allows all types of small businesses—regardless of in-dustry segment—to benefit from this deduc-tion. NFIB supports passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act conference report and will consider it an NFIB Key Vote for the 115th Congress. Thank you for your consideration. We look forward to working with you to protect small business. ALLIANCE FOR COMPETITIVE TAXATION . A
LLIANCE FOR COMPETITIVE TAXATION AP-
PLAUDS SENATE AND HOUSE LEADERS FOR  A
DVANCING TAXREFORM  W
ASHINGTON .—The Alliance for Competi-tive Taxation (ACT), a coalition of leading American businesses that employ millions of American workers, issued the following statement on the Conference Report of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act: ‘‘We applaud leaders in the U.S. Senate and U.S. House for reaching an agreement on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Conference Report. This pro-growth tax reform bill is a major step in leveling the playing field for Amer-ican businesses competing in world markets and will create opportunities for American workers. ‘‘We urge members of the Senate and House to swiftly pass this historic legisla-tion that will strengthen our economy, pro-mote investment in the U.S. and create American jobs. ‘‘We are committed to working with Con-gress and the Administration beyond final passage of this legislation to ensure that tax reform achieves the desired goal of bene-fiting American workers and promoting U.S. competitiveness and economic growth.’’ f 
REMEMBERING CHIEF IRVING POWLESS, JR. 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Onondaga Nation Chief Irving Powless, Jr. Chief Powless was born in Syracuse, the son of Chief Irving Powless, Sr. and Cecelia Powless, both active members within the On-ondaga Nation. As chief of the Beaver Clan of the Onondaga Nation, Chief Powless, Jr. es-tablished a reputation for his quick wit, enthu-siasm, and ability to ease stressful situations. He served as secretary of the Onondaga Council of Chiefs for more than 30 years and was a respected leader throughout Central New York. Chief Powless was an expert on treaty rights, and throughout his life, tirelessly advocated for the rights of the Onondaga Na-tion and the Haudenosaunee peoples. Chief Powless’ love for his people and for their history never faltered over the course of his life. He was an avid historian, and spent time as a lecturer, author, and teacher. Be-yond his role as a scholar, Chief Powless was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20DE8.030 E20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1740 December 20, 2017 
an avid hunter, lacrosse player, and environ-mental advocate. He worked to obtain a new health center for the Onondaga Nation School, and to return sacred objects from museums to the Onondaga people. He published several books, including, ‘‘Who are These People Anyway?’’ It is my honor to recognize the life and leg-acy of this great leader in our community. May Chief Irving Powless, Jr. name and legacy for-ever be remembered in the R
ECORD . Rest peacefully. 
f 
HEZBOLLAH’S ILLICIT ACTIVITIES 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a recent report reveals that the Obama White House, in a desperate attempt to appease the Ayatollahs in Iran, let Hezbollah off the hook. The report outlines how the DEA was on to Hezbollah’s illicit network of drug and arms trafficking, money laundering and other criminal activities, yet the Obama administration stalled or blocked any prosecutions that would have dis-rupted the terror group’s nefarious activities so that Iran would agree to the nuclear deal. This stunning revelation adds more evidence to why the JCPOA was a bad deal. For years Hezbollah built an extensive net-work in Latin America to raise money for its terrorist activities. Addressing Hezbollah’s illicit activities across the globe, but in particular the Western Hemisphere, has been a top priority for Congress for many years. Through hearings and legislation we have exposed the direct ties between Hezbollah and criminal groups in the region that allowed Hezbollah to amass nearly $1 billion annually. Yet the U.S. failed to take sufficient action to disrupt this massive flow of money, drugs, and arms that have made Hezbollah the most powerful terrorist group in the world. In 2014, a GAO review noted that only two of 12 requirements that were mandated by the Countering Iran in the Western Hemisphere Act were being addressed. Meanwhile, Hezbollah’s activity in our hemisphere in-creased. In June 2017, an individual with al-leged ties to the terrorist group was arrested in Paraguay and extradited to the U.S. That same month, another individual was arrested for attempting to provide support to Hezbollah in targeting the U.S. and Israeli embassies in Panama. These events followed the 2014 ar-rest of a Hezbollah operative in Peru, an Ira-nian-linked assassination attempt on the Saudi Ambassador in Washington in 2011, and the deadly terrorist attacks against two Jewish tar-gets in Argentina in the 1990s. Moreover, the special prosecutor who uncovered Iran and Hezbollah’s role in the Argentina attacks was murdered in 2015. Together with my colleagues, Chairman Cook of the Western Hemisphere Sub-committee and Chairman Ros-Lehtinen of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, I have sent a letter to President Trump urging him to address the shortfalls that occurred under the Obama administration in terms of dismantling Hezbollah’s illicit activities. We, in the House, have provided the tools necessary to pursue Hezbollah, passing H.R. 3329, the Hezbellah International Financing Prevention Amendments Act, which includes Section 105 mandating a U.S. strategy to address Iran and Hezbollah’s networks in the Western Hemi-sphere and requiring the alignment of U.S. ac-tions with our regional partners. We are pre-pared to do more to make up for years of neg-ligence under the Obama White House that al-lowed these killers to go unbothered. And that’s just the way it is. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CUMBERLAND TELEPHONE COMPANY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Cum-berland Telephone Company of Cumberland, Iowa. This year marks the 120th year of oper-ations for the telecommunications company, which opened its doors in 1897. The company was originally named the Briscoe-Cumberland Telephone Company. Briscoe was a small mining town located in Adams County, Iowa. Today, the Cumberland Telephone Company is a full-service commu-nications company offering internet, local and long distance phone service, and fiber-to-the- home packages for their customers. It also provides wireless internet services throughout the Cumberland exchange. Mr. Speaker, I commend and congratulate the Cumberland Telephone Company and its staff for providing cutting-edge telecommuni-cation services to the Cumberland community and Southwest Iowa for the past 120 years. I urge my colleagues in the United States Con-gress to join me in congratulating Cumberland Telephone Company for their numerous achievements in the communications industry and in wishing them all nothing but continued success. 
f 
REMEMBERING POTA VALLAS 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Pota Vurnakes Vallas, who died last week at the age of 109, surrounded by her family. A loving wife, mother and grandmother, pio-neering businesswoman, and public-spirited citizen, Mrs. Vallas was one of the Fourth Dis-trict’s oldest residents and the matriarch of Raleigh’s Greek community. Lisa and I extend our condolences to her family and her many friends and admirers in the Greek community and beyond. Mrs. Vallas was born in 1908 in the small village of Krissfa, Greece, the eldest of ten children. In 1924 her father, Gus Vurnakes, became the first Greek immigrant to settle in Raleigh and Pota soon followed. Gus opened a fruit and soda stop in downtown Raleigh and Pota assisted him, delivering ice cream and chocolates on a horse-drawn wagon to homes and businesses in Raleigh. In 1927, she married fellow immigrant George Vallas and began raising her family. She and George were stalwart members of the community, helping to establish a Greek Orthodox Church in downtown Raleigh. Even-tually George and Pota donated the land upon which Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church stands today. George and Pota lost their home and busi-ness in the Great Depression. To provide for her young family, she applied to work for the Singer Sewing Company in 1931 and quickly emerged as a talented salesperson and man-ager. Her dream of owning her own business finally came to fruition in 1944 when she bought the distributorship of the National Sew-ing Machine Company and opened National Art Interiors, one of the first interior decorating businesses in Raleigh. Pota’s store became a landmark for the finest furniture and fabric companies, furnishing many homes and busi-nesses throughout the state. She ran the busi-ness with her daughters and other family members until retiring at the age of 94 in 2002. In addition to managing a thriving company, Mrs. Vallas served on the Boards of First Citi-zens Bank and the North Carolina Community Foundation. She was a lifelong member of the Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church and a member of Philoptochos. She was honored with the Saint Michael’s Award, the highest recognition for a layperson, for her years of dedicated service by the Greek Orthodox Dio-cese of America. Mrs. Vallas was one of my most memorable constituents. I often saw her at Raleigh’s Greek Festival and treasure the memory of delivering a birthday letter from President Obama to her on one such occasion. She was quick with a smile and an encouraging word. She was a woman of great energy and faith, an indomitable spirit. She leaves behind a community that she loved and that loved her in return. We join with that community in mourning her passing and honoring her exem-plary life. f 
TRIBUTE TO SHIRLEY AND BILL KOENIG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Shirley and Bill Koenig of Underwood, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on October 26, 2017 and were married in Treynor, Iowa in 1957. Shirley and Bill’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them nothing but the best. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE8.032 E20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1741 December 20, 2017 
GREGORY SMITH 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to posthumously recognize and honor Gregory Smith for his service and dedication to the State of Colorado. Greg had a remark-able career and served the citizens of Colo-rado for more than 15 years. Greg served five years as Executive Direc-tor of the Public Employees Retirement Asso-ciation (PERA). He joined PERA as General Counsel in 2002 and in 2009 he was pro-moted to Chief Operating Officer. Greg was known for his extensive knowledge of the pub-lic pension system and had a passion for en-suring retirement security for hundreds of thousands of Colorado public employees. In addition, Greg served on several national in-dustry boards, including the National Institute of Retirement Security, the Council of Institu-tional Investors, the National Council on Teacher Retirement and the National Associa-tion of Public Pension Attorneys. Greg was also a former president of the Denver Mile High Rotary Club. Greg will be missed by PERA members and the community he served. I extend my deepest appreciation to Greg-ory Smith for his service and dedication to the citizens of Colorado. His positive impacts will be felt for many years to come. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 1, TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, December 19, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD letters from the Real Estate Roundtable, National Association of Home Builders, Financial Services Roundtable, American Bankers Association, RATE Coali-tion, and the National Milk Producers Federa-tion: 
REALESTATE ROUNDTABLE . T
AXBILLWILLSPURECONOMIC GROWTH : R
EALESTATE ROUNDTABLE  W
ASHINGTON , DC.—Real Estate Roundtable President and Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey DeBoer today commended congressional pol-icymakers on reconciling differences be-tween the Senate and House versions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (H.R. 1)—historic tax legislation that faces a final vote in both chambers next week. DeBoer stated: ‘‘To-day’s agreement by Senate and House lead-ers on the final details of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a significant effort to encourage capital formation and investment in all types of businesses. New investment incen-tives in this bill should spur economic growth and boost job creation throughout the United States. We applaud the dedicated efforts of congressional lawmakers and Ad-ministration officials who brought this legis-lation to fruition. In addition to reducing the tax rate for American corporations to make them more globally competitive, the legislation also en-courages capital formation and investment by ushering in a new tax regime focused on businesses conducted in pass-through format such as partnerships and Subchapter S cor-porations. These pass-through entities are the backbone of the American economy, rep-resenting over 60 percent of all business in-come and creating more than 60 percent of all jobs in America over the past 25 years.’’ Mr. DeBoer added: ‘‘We anticipate that many provisions in the bill, including the pass-through tax re-gime, will require the immediate focus and attention of the Treasury Department to draft interpretative regulations. This process will be critical in maintaining needed guard-rails to prevent abuse, but also to make cer-tain the new rules function as efficiently as possible and result in robust economic activ-ity. The Act also ensures that commercial real estate development and ownership continues to be taxed on an economic basis, thereby avoiding significant market distortions that could harm local communities and lender portfolios.’’ NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  H
OMEBUILDERS . 
LETTER NO . 1 NAHB S
UPPORTS FINAL TAXBILL W
ASHINGTON ,DEC. 16.—Granger MacDonald, chairman of the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB) and a home builder and developer from Kerrville, Texas, issued the following statement regarding the final House-Senate conference report on tax re-form legislation: ‘‘NAHB fully supports the final conference report on tax reform legislation and com-mends the work of House-Senate conferees. This comprehensive overhaul of the nation’s tax code will help middle-class families, maintain the nation’s commitment to af-fordable housing and ensure that small busi-nesses are treated fairly relative to large corporations. Lower tax rates and a fair tax code will spur economic growth and increase competitiveness, and that is good for hous-ing. We urge the House and Senate to move quickly to pass this legislation.’’ 
LETTER NO . 2 On behalf of the approximately 140,000 members of the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB), I am writing to ex-press strong support for the conference re-port to H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. NAHB commends the work of the House and Senate conferees to deliver a final bill that will spur greater economic growth. Due to the importance of this legislation to our economy, NAHB has designated support of H.R. 1 as a key vote. This comprehensive overhaul of the na-tion’s tax code provides tax relief to middleclass families, maintains the nation’s commitment to affordable housing, and en-sures that small businesses are treated fairly relative to large corporations. Lower tax rates and a fairer tax code will spur eco-nomic growth and increase competitiveness, and that is good for housing. Housing not only equals jobs, but jobs mean more demand for housing. By passing this bill, housing can be a key engine for the job growth we all seek. After all, the housing sector—representing roughly one-sixth of the U.S. economy—is operating at only two-thirds of its potential capacity. There is tremendous potential in unlocking and unleashing housing to lead the country to greater economic growth. Again, NAHB has designated passage of H.R. 1 as a key vote, and we urge the House and Senate to move quickly to pass this leg-islation. Thank you for considering our views. FINANCIAL SERVICES ROUNDTABLE . FSR U
RGES CONGRESS TOPASSCONFERENCE  T
AXREFORM PACKAGE  W
ASHINGTON , DECEMBER 15, 2017.—The Fi-nancial Services Roundtable (FSR) today came out in support of the conference com-mittee report on tax reform and urged Con-gress to quickly pass its tax reform bill to help boost economic opportunity for all Americans. ‘‘Tax reform will help deliver ex-panded opportunity for individuals and American businesses of all sizes,’’ said FSR CEO Tim Pawlenty. ‘‘Congress should quick-ly move tax reform over the finish line and enable America to go on economic offense.’’ FSR believes the outcome of the conference committee report will help drive more jobs and long-term investment that benefits American workers and their families. With a near 35% rate, the U.S. has one of the high-est corporate tax rates in the industrialized world. These reforms will finally put our country on a more competitive footing for business and investment from around the globe. 
AMERICAN BANKERS ASSOCIATION . ABA S
TATEMENT ON TAXREFORM  L
EGISLATION  (By Rob Nichols, ABA president and CEO) ‘‘We congratulate the House and Senate conference committee for reaching a final agreement on comprehensive tax reform. Committee members have moved the nation another step closer to the first major over-haul of the tax code in more than three dec-ades. ‘‘ABA believes the significant reforms in-cluded in this legislation will help grow the economy and create jobs. We particularly ap-plaud the provisions that significantly lower tax rates for all types of businesses begin-ning in 2018. Banks currently have one of the highest effective tax rates of any industry, and these important changes will allow our members to better serve their customers and the broader economy. ‘‘While there is much to like in the bill, lawmakers missed an opportunity to reform the outdated, unfair and unreasonable tax advantages enjoyed by credit unions and the Farm Credit System. Congress should treat businesses providing the same services the same way, and that is not happening today. We will continue to argue for a level playing field until Congress ends this inequity. ‘‘We still believe this legislation as a whole will benefit our members, their customers, and the country. As a result, ABA supports the conference report and encourages mem-bers of the House and Senate, and ultimately President Trump, to enact it into law as soon as possible.’’ The American Bankers Association is the voice of the nation’s $17 trillion banking in-dustry, which is composed of small, midsize, regional and large banks that together em-ploy more than 2 million people, safeguard $13 trillion in deposits and extend more than $9 trillion in loans. 
RATE C OALITION . RATE C
OALITION STATEMENT ON THE TAX C
UTS AND JOBSACTCONFERENCE REPORT  The Reforming America’s Taxes Equitably (RATE) Coalition—whose affiliated compa-nies represent over 30 million employees in all 50 states—released the following state-ment on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Con-ference Report: ‘‘We are proud of the diligence with which this Administration and this Congress have worked to craft historic tax reform. We are equally proud to fully support the end result of those efforts: The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Conference Report. A critical fix to our bro-ken tax system—one that punishes job-cre-ating businesses of all sizes with the highest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE8.037 E20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1742 December 20, 2017 
corporate rate in the industrialized world— the TCJA Conference Report would help our economy grasp the growth that’s well within its reach. Provisions similar to those in-cluded in this Conference Report have been projected to boost GDP, create new jobs, lift after-tax income for middle-class families, and encourage greater investment in our country. The RATE Coalition strongly urges Senators and Representatives to deliver those wins for American workers by sending this legislation to President Trump’s desk for signature as swiftly as possible.’’ 
NATIONAL MILK P
RODUCERS FEDERATION . NMPF S
TATEMENT ON TAXREFORM LEGISLA -
TION FROM JIMMULHERN , PRESIDENT AND  CEO, NMPF A
RLINGTON , VA—‘‘National Milk has worked closely with House and Senate mem-bers on the tax reform conference package to achieve a positive outcome for dairy farmers and their cooperatives, and we’re pleased that conferees have completed work on a package that should provide important re-lief. The final compromise to address the loss of the Section 199 deduction will help protect farmer-owned businesses from a major tax increase at a time when America’s farm sector is struggling with low com-modity prices and reduced incomes. ‘‘America’s dairy farmers, who overwhelm-ingly rely on cooperatives to market their milk, appreciate the determined efforts by Sens. John Hoeven (R–ND) and John Thune (R–SD), as well as multiple House members, including Agriculture Committee Chairman Mike Conaway (R–TX), to seek a fair and reasonable solution to this challenge. Their efforts will help prevent a higher tax bill for cooperatives and avert the loss of economic activity in rural communities that these businesses help generate. We’re also grateful for the numerous senators on both sides of the aisle who elevated this issue during the debate. ‘‘At issue is the loss of the benefit that both farmers and cooperative businesses enjoy from the Section 199 deduction, also known as the Domestic Production Activi-ties Deduction (DPAD). This important pro-vision of the tax code applies to proceeds from agricultural products marketed through cooperatives, making the Section 199 an important means of reducing taxation for farmers and cooperatives alike. Coopera-tives pass the vast majority of the benefit— nearly $2 billion nationwide—directly to their farmer owners, then reinvest the re-mainder in infrastructure improvements for the marketing and processing of food prod-ucts. ‘‘The final tax package released on Friday repeals the DPAD, but the legislation allows cooperative members to claim a new 20-per-cent deduction on payments from a farmer cooperative. Cooperatives would also be able to claim the 20-percent deduction on gross income less payments to patrons, limited to the greater of 50 percent of wages or 25 per-cent of wages plus 2.5 percent of the coopera-tive’s investment in property. This favorable treatment for gross income will help mini-mize any potential increase in the tax bur-den on farmer-owned cooperatives. ‘‘NMPF believes that this provision, plus components of the bill that increase exemp-tion levels from the federal estate tax, en-hance depreciation and expensing opportuni-ties for producers, and preserve farmers’ ability to deduct interest expenses, should help farmers and cooperatives alike. The fix offered by Sens. Hoeven and Thune recog-nizes that farmer cooperatives play an indis-pensable role in our nation’s economy and need to be treated fairly in the final tax leg-islation.’’ TRIBUTE TO THE LIFE OF MICHAEL IRA WIESNER 
HON. DAVID SCHWEIKERT 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor and tribute to Michael Ira Wiesner, who passed away April 19, 2015. This past May 30 Michael’s family, loved ones, and community celebrated what would have been Michael’s 70th birthday. Michael was a wonderful husband to his wife Beth, and a great role model and con-fidant to his children: Amy, Adam, Ben, Ana, and Ashley. Michael had great love for his family and always supported everyone in their journeys to grow and learn. Throughout his life, Michael enjoyed playing golf and spending time in Vermont and always shared his inter-ests with his wife and children. I am proud to honor the life and legacy of Michael Ira Wiesner for his remarkable char-acter, love of country, and care for his fam-ily—which includes his wife Beth Wiesner, Oli-ver Schwab, my Chief of Staff, his wife Ana Schwab, Ashley Ellis, Amy Wiesner, Adam Wiesner, and Ben Wiesner. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GERALD KIRKE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Gerald Kirke of Des Moines, Iowa, for his induction into the 2017 Iowa Business Hall of Fame. The Greater Des Moines Committee found-ed the Iowa Business Hall of Fame in 1975 to honor Iowans who have helped to enhance the state’s business climate. Gerald is the Chairman and CEO of Kirke Financial Serv-ices, L.L.C., an investment, real estate and consulting firm he founded in 1999. His other business ventures over his long career include owning a company that manufactured patient fixation and tumor targeting software, a carbon fiber composite manufacturing plan, and an entertainment company that operates three casinos in Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Gerald on his induction into the 2017 Iowa Business Hall of Fame and commend him for his dedication to our great state. It is with great pride that I rec-ognize him today and I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating him for this out-standing achievement and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF FALCON STEEL AMERICA 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Falcon Steel America and its employees for their efforts to aid in the recov-ery and relief of Montgomery County in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey. In 1963, Falcon Steel America was founded as a small steel shop in Haltom City, TX. Since its creation, Falcon Steel has grown to be considered one of the most dependable suppliers of structural steel in Texas. Addition-ally, Falcon Steel serves as the only producer of high-voltage, steel-lattice towers in the United States. On August 25, 2017, Hurricane Harvey made landfall in Texas, carrying its wind, rains, and flooding across the state and dev-astating homes and families throughout the greater Houston community. As the flood waters receded, donations of food, water, clothing, toys, and necessities came pouring into the community from across the United States. To coordinate the distribu-tion of these supplies, Falcon Steel America partnered with Interfaith of The Woodlands and hundreds of local volunteers to organize a massive distribution center in its Conroe fac-tory. With over 225,000 square feet of life-sav-ing supplies, Falcon Steel’s willingness to do-nate its facilities allowed thousands of affected residents to receive much needed assistance. This effort has now become known as one of the largest distribution efforts Montgomery County has ever witnessed. Falcon Steel’s core values of ethical behav-ior, excellence, and teamwork were reflected in their actions after Hurricane Harvey. Through its willingness to come to the aid of our community, Falcon Steel provided an out-let for thousands of local residents to receive life-saving assistance. On December 21, 2017, Falcon Steel will complete the renovation of its new manufac-turing facility in Conroe, TX. I am proud to join the entire Eighth Congressional District of Texas to congratulate Falcon Steel on this achievement and thank them for their contin-ued commitment to serving our community. f 
TRIBUTE TO ROLLING HILLS BANK AND TRUST 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Rolling Hills Bank and Trust of Anita, Iowa, for cele-brating over 140 years in business. Founded in July of 1876, Rolling Hills Bank has re-mained dedicated to family traditions and com-mitted to making its community better. Their motto is: ‘‘A Homeowned Hometown Bank In-vesting in People.’’ Originally named the Anita State Bank, its name was changed in 1989 to Rolling Hills Bank and Trust. They have seen a lot during their time in operation, helping customers through the Great Depression and the Farm Crisis of the 1980s. The bank has expanded with branches in Iowa, Minnesota, and Wyo-ming. Bank officials are committed especially to helping students and families in agriculture through their Heifer program. Each year, they purchase ten heifers then select students to raise them so they can experience the respon-sibility of raising the heifers, maintaining records, and the cost associated with it. After five years, the students pay back the bank in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20DE8.039 E20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1743 December 20, 2017 
cash or with bred heifers that are passed on to the next year’s recipients. Mr. Speaker, I commend and congratulate Rolling Hills Bank and Trust for their many years of dedicated and devoted service to their customers. It is with great pride that I recognize them today. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in applauding their ac-complishments and in wishing them all nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. DARRELL SUPAK 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great re-spect and admiration that I rise today to rec-ognize the illustrious career of Mr. Darrell Supak on the occasion of his retirement. Mr. Supak is retiring after twenty-five years of ex-emplary service to Granite Associates, LP in Liberty, New York. I cherish the commitment of those distinct individuals who have tirelessly devoted them-selves to their community, and Mr. Supak is no exception. Mr. Supak exemplifies compas-sion and leadership as a dedicated man of faith, an advocate for the arts, and a fierce de-fender of health care. A valued member of his community, Mr. Supak’s regular involvement with numerous organizations and projects to further the causes he believes in, as well as to safeguard the wellbeing of his friends and neighbors, has set a high standard for others to follow. As a graduate of Texas A&M University’s ROTC program and a retired U.S. Army Colo-nel, Mr. Supak is a fervent patriot, actively committed to supporting his fellow veterans. I am fortunate to have him, a man of great wis-dom and experience, as a longtime member of our Congressional District’s U.S. service acad-emy panel. A true testament to his steadfast loyalty to country and community, Mr. Supak has re-ceived countless civil and military awards and decorations, including the prestigious Walter A. Rhulen Award for Business, Community and Humanity from the Sullivan County Part-nership for Economic Development. Mr. Supak’s legacy of hard work and philan-thropy is a source of inspiration, instilling the values of determination, confidence, and civil-ity in his community. I am grateful for Mr. Supak’s years of dedicated service to the 19th District and to New York state. I wish Mr. Supak continued happiness as he embarks on this new chapter, and I am confident that even in retirement he will continue to be actively in-volved in service to our nation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF OFFICER FREDDIE CRAWFORD 
HON. CHARLIE CRIST 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and public service of retired St. Petersburg Police Officer Freddie Crawford, one of the ‘‘Courageous 12,’’ who put his ca-reer and life on the line in the fight against dis-crimination and segregation. The Courageous 12 were the first African Americans employed by the St. Petersburg Police Department, who bravely served the residents of the city for many years. In the face of constant threats in the field and dis-crimination within their department, these 12 officers withstood both professional and phys-ical risk to keep the peace and ensure equality and justice in their communities. In the early 1960s, Officer Crawford and his fellow black police officers serving on St. Pe-tersburg’s police force were only permitted to police black neighborhoods. The segregation of authority even went so far as to mark patrol cars with a ‘C’ for ‘‘colored’’ to designate that it was a black officer inside. Officer Crawford and his colleagues attempted to express their grievances to the Chief of Police on multiple occasions, only to be ignored and swept aside. After persevering through years of seg-regation in both his civilian and professional life, Officer Crawford and his colleagues in the Courageous 12 took their fight to the judicial system. Despite the personal and professional risk, Officer Crawford and his fellow officers sued the city of St. Petersburg in 1965. Baker vs. the City of St. Petersburg did not initially receive a favorable ruling for the Cou-rageous 12. But in 1968, a federal appeals court overturned the decision. In one year’s time, Officer Crawford was patrolling a pri-marily white area in North-East St. Petersburg. The monumental efforts by Officer Crawford and his colleagues would inspire black officers in nearby areas, creating a domino effect of positive change in communities throughout the Tampa Bay region. Even after retiring from the St. Petersburg Police Department, Freddie Crawford contin-ued his efforts to address and eradicate seg-regation. He went to work for the Community Relations Services division at the U.S. Depart-ment of Justice where he used his experience with conflict resolution to resolve racial ten-sions in various communities across the coun-try. Mr. Speaker, please join me once again in commemorating Officer Freddie Crawford’s life, and thanking him for his contribution to the cause of justice. He leaves behind a leg-acy of tireless dedication to equality and serves as an inspiration to the city of St. Pe-tersburg and to our country. f 
TRIBUTE TO REGGIE GREENE 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, December 20, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Reginald Greene, a longtime and outstanding staffer for the Committee on Ways and Means, who passed away on December 11, 2017. Known around the halls of the Ways and Means Committee as simply ‘‘Reggie,’’ for four decades he held job titles ranging from staff assistant to documents clerk. But around the committee he was really Mr. Everything. He could make out-of-print documents appear out of thin air, and whether it was manning the doors, handling special requests, or enforcing committee procedures, you name it, Reggie did it. No one was fiercer than Reggie in pro-tecting our committee and making sure that everyone respected its rules and procedures. Reggie never condoned sloppiness and al-ways frowned on carelessness. He could be stern with staff—and more than a few Mem-bers—if they strayed from the rules. And he could silence disorderly conduct in our hearing room with a single look. So much so that you might think that the Ways and Means hearing room was really Reggie’s hearing room—and you would be right. There he was both re-spected and feared by staff, lobbyists, and even Members when they entered his domain. Any photographer who stayed too long, or Member or staffer who dared to cross the dais without proper attire, or drink from a can of soda with the logo visible to the cameras—a little-known violation of our committee’s rules—would soon hear about it. But underneath his outer tough-guy de-meanor, Reggie was also a friendly and warm soul with a generous laugh. He would always encourage children visiting the committee hearing room to sit in the chairman’s chair for a once-in-a-lifetime photo opportunity. Reggie had so many friends on the Hill, and he cre-ated a network of relationships to get our work done. He always had a kind word or joke at the ready when you needed it. His humor was dry, and legendary. If you asked him if he needed anything, he would say ‘‘a million bucks and a hot tub for my office.’’ At times like this, if you asked him when he thought Congress would complete its work for the year, he would say ‘‘not soon enough.’’ More than anything, Reggie’s career cele-brated his deep love for the Ways and Means Committee, its traditions, and its enormous re-sponsibilities to the American people. That is a love he surely inherited from his father, who preceded him on the committee staff. And like the proud grandfather he was at home, Reggie also prided himself on helping raise the next generation of staffers to share in and carry on his profound respect for the com-mittee. Whether through a gentle tug on the elbow or a low whisper, young staffers might get that day’s lesson in committee decorum, history, or tradition. On behalf of the entire Committee on Ways and Means, I offer our sincerest condolences to the Greene family on Reggie’s passing. And I thank them for sharing Reggie with us for so many years of outstanding service to the com-mittee, its Members, and our great country. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20DE8.043 E20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1744 December 20, 2017 
Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, De-cember 21, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M20DE8.000 E20DEPT1
D1348 Wednesday, December 20, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S8153–8186 Measures Introduced: Five bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2255–2259, and S. Res. 362–363.
                                                       Page S8181 
Measures Reported: S. 1827, to extend funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–197) S. 1333, to provide for rental assistance for home-less or at-risk Indian veterans, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–198) 
                                                                                            Page S8181 
Measures Passed: Freedom of the Press: Senate agreed to S. Res. 150, recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world and reaffirming freedom of the press as a priority in efforts of the United States Government to promote democracy and good governance.
                                                                   Page S8154 
San Antonio Rose 75th Anniversary: Committee on Armed Services was discharged from further con-sideration of S. Res. 326, recognizing the crew of the San Antonio Rose, B–17F, who sacrificed their lives during World War II, and honoring their memory during the week of the 75th anniversary of that tragic event, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S8154 
National Ernie Pyle Day: Committee on the Ju-diciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 345, designating August 3, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Ernie Pyle Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                                       Page S8154 
USS Jacksonville: Senate agreed to S. Res. 362, recognizing the service of the Los Angeles-class at-tack submarine the USS Jacksonville and the crew of the USS Jacksonville, who served the United States with valor and bravery.
                                           Page S8154 
Alex Diekmann Peak Designation Act: Senate passed S. 117, to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’, after agreeing to the committee amendment.                                                                                     Pages S8184–85 
East Rosebud Wild and Scenic Rivers Act: Senate passed S. 501, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System.
                Page S8185 
Rood Nomination-Agreement: A unanimous-con-sent-time agreement was reached providing that at a time to be determined by the Majority Leader, in consultation with the Democratic Leader, on January 3, 2018, Senate begin consideration of the nomina-tion of John C. Rood, of Arizona, to be Under Sec-retary of Defense for Policy; that there be 30 min-utes of debate, equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no intervening action or debate, and that no further motions be in order; provided further that notwith-standing Rule XXXI of the Standing Rules of the Senate, the nomination be held in status quo into the second session of the 115th Congress.
    Page S8183 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Bruce D. Jette, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army. James E. McPherson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army. Randall G. Schriver, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Defense. Thomas Harker, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy. John P. Roth, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of the Air Force.
                                           Page S8185 
Duane A. Kees, of Arkansas, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Arkansas for the term of four years. Stephen R. McAllister, of Kansas, to be United States Attorney for the District of Kansas for the term of four years. Ronald A. Parsons, Jr., of South Dakota, to be United States Attorney for the District of South Da-kota for the term of four years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20DE7.REC D20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1349 December 20, 2017 
Ryan K. Patrick, of Texas, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Texas for the term of four years. Michael B. Stuart, of West Virginia, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of West Virginia for the term of four years.
                  Page S8183 
44 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 2 Army nominations in the rank of general. 2 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S8183–84 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Susan Paradise Baxter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Pennsylvania. Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit. Colm F. Connolly, of Delaware, to be United States District Judge for the District of Delaware. Kari A. Dooley, of Connecticut, to be United States District Judge for the District of Connecticut. Gordon P. Giampietro, of Wisconsin, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Wisconsin. Marilyn Jean Horan, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Pennsylvania. Chad F. Kenney, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Maryellen Noreika, of Delaware, to be United States District Judge for the District of Delaware. 
                                                                                            Page S8185 Messages from the House:                                 Page S8181 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S8181 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S8181–82 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S8182–83 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S8179–80 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S8183 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 11 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:04 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, December 21, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S8185.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
FREIGHT MOVEMENT Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-committee on Transportation and Infrastructure con-cluded a hearing to examine freight movement, after receiving testimony from David Thomas, Maryland Department of Transportation Port Administration Deputy Executive Director, Baltimore; Tim Parker, Waterways Council, Inc., Tuscaloosa, Alabama; Chris Spear, American Trucking Associations, Arlington, Virginia; and Mark Policinski, Ohio-Kentucky-Indi-ana Regional Council of Governments, Cincinnati, on behalf of the Coalition for America’s Gateways and Trade Corridors. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4690–4705; and 1 resolution, and H. Res. 669 were introduced.
                          Pages H10344–45 
Additional Cosponsors:                                     Page H10346 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H. Res. 668, providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018 (H. Rept. 115–476).
                                 Page H10249 Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Rogers (KY) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                        Page H10249 
Recess: The House recessed at 9:11 a.m. and recon-vened at 10 a.m.
                                                      Page H10250 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 217 yeas to 194 nays with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 703.
                                                         Pages H10250, H10330–31 
Committee Election: The House agreed to H. Res. 669, electing a Member to a certain standing com-mittee of the House of Representatives.
      Page H10261 
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act: The House agreed to the motion to concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20DE7.REC D20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1350 December 20, 2017 
1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, by a yea-and-nay vote of 224 yeas to 201 nays, Roll No. 699.
               Pages H10252–H10312 
H. Res. 668, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 232 yeas to 190 nays, Roll No. 698, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 188 nays, Roll No. 697.
                                        Pages H10252–61 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Consideration began Monday, December 18th. United States and Israel Space Cooperation Act: H.R. 1159, amended, to provide for continuing co-operation between the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Israel Space Agency, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 411 yeas with none vot-ing ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 700.
                            Pages H10312–13 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:21 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:08 p.m.
                                                 Page H10329 
Motion to Fix Next Convening Time: Agreed by voice vote to the Yoder motion that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomor-row, December 21.
                                                 Page H10329 
Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act of 2017: The House passed H.R. 4015, to im-prove the quality of proxy advisory firms for the pro-tection of investors and the U.S. economy, and in the public interest, by fostering accountability, transparency, responsiveness, and competition in the proxy advisory firm industry, by a yea-and-nay vote of 238 yeas to 182 nays, Roll No. 702. 
                                                                                  Pages H10313–30 
Rejected the Sarbanes motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Financial Services with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with amendments, by a yea-and-nay vote of 189 yeas to 231 nays, Roll No. 701.
                        Pages H10328–30 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–46 shall be considered as adopted.
                                                                Pages H10313–29 
H. Res. 657, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 2396) and (H.R. 4015) was agreed to Wednesday, December 13th. Recess: The House recessed at 8:42 p.m. and recon-vened at 10:44 p.m.
                                               Page H10343 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H10251 . Quorum Calls Votes: Seven yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H10260, H10261, H10312, H10313, H10329–30, H10330, H10331. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 10:45 p.m. Committee Meetings 
SENATE AMENDMENT TO AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR RECONCILIATION PURSUANT TO TITLES II AND V OF THE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on the Senate amendment to H.R. 1, an Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018 [Tax Cuts and Jobs Act]. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a rule providing for the consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the motion. The rule provides that the Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The rule provides 20 minutes of debate on the motion equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule provides that clause 5(b) of rule XXI shall not apply to the motion. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1324) 
H.R. 228, to amend the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to inte-grate the employment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources. Signed on December 18, 2017. (Public Law 115–93) S. 371, to make technical changes and other im-provements to the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017. Signed on December 18, 2017. (Public Law 115–94) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20DE7.REC D20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1351 December 20, 2017 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, DECEMBER 21, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 4667, making further supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, for disaster assist-ance for Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and cal-endar year 2017 wildfires, and for other purposes; and continue hearing on the Senate amendment to H.R. 1370, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Blue Cam-paign Authorization Act of 2017’’ [Further Continuing Resolution], 8 a.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20DE7.REC D20DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1352 December 20, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Thursday, December 21 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will be in a period of morning business. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, December 21 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E1734 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1731, E1733, E1735, E1736, E1738, E1741, E1742, E1743 Crist, Charlie, Fla., E1743 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E1736, E1736 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1736 Faso, John J., N.Y., E1743 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E1731 Holding, George, N.C., E1734 Katko, John, N.Y., E1739 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1738 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1736, E1738, E1741 Perry, Scott, Pa., E1738 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1734, E1740 Price, David E., N.C., E1740 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1732 Schweikert, David, Ariz., E1742 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1732 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1731 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1732 Young, David, Iowa, E1731, E1732, E1732, E1734, E1736, E1738, E1740, E1740, E1742, E1742 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:47 Dec 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D20DE7.REC D20DEPT1