Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I honor His Divine Holiness Hariprasad Swamiji Maharaj, spiritual leader and founder of the Yogi Divine Society—a Hindu spiritual and humanitarian charitable organization—as he makes a historic visit to Yogi Divine Society members and devotees across North America. The Yogi Divine Society is a global not for profit organization founded in 1974 that encourages all races, religions, and genders to lead enriched and harmonious lives. With over 500 educational and cultural centers worldwide, the Yogi Divine Society is devoted to working on issues like the environment, youth development, spiritual education, and health care. His Divine Holiness Hariprasad Swamiji Maharaj has dedicated his life to the principle of Atmiyata (Spiritual Affinity with one and all). He became a Sadhu (religious devotee) in 1965 and was made diksha (being appointed saint) by his spiritual educator Guruhari Yogiji Maharaj. His drive for global harmony led him to found the Yogi Divine Society. Through his work, his Holiness strives to promote humanity, peace, and understanding amongst the people of the world. Every time I visit the volunteers and members of the Yogi Divine Society, I am reminded of the incredible virtues that the Society promotes not only to Americans but to people around the world. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support their work and their devotion to creating a more welcoming and understanding world. I honor His Divine Holiness Hariprasad Swamiji Maharaj, the spiritual leader and founder of the Yogi Divine Society, as he visits the Jain Temple of Metropolitan Chicago on August 12th. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to highlight Robert ‘‘Ian’’ Maloney, a May 2017 graduate of Georgetown Preparatory School and a newly accepted member of the Brown University class of 2021. Last year, I had the great pleasure of speaking at Georgetown Preparatory School about the call to serve and to give back to the community. I accepted the invitation to speak at that school because Ian reached out and asked me to do so. Ian is a remarkable young man whom I have known since his birth. Ian was President of the Black Student Association. He is also a member of the National Honor Society and a National Hispanic Scholar, and he is passionate about serving others and giving back. He is committed to social justice and drawing attention to the scourge of homelessness. Ian asked me to speak at Georgetown Preparatory School because he had made a promise to the school’s Headmaster, Mr. Jeff Jones. Mr. Jones was the school’s first AfricanAmerican Headmaster and Interim President, and a leader who fostered diversity. At the time that Ian requested that I speak, Mr. Jones was awaiting a heart transplant at CedarsSinai Hospital in my Congressional District. Sadly, Mr. Jones would die two months after I spoke. However, several days before he had passed, he called to wish Ian continuing success in his studies and called on him to carry the torch and to continue to serve others. Mr. Speaker, Ian wishes to honor the call and the memory of his Headmaster, Mr. Jeff Jones. Ian is a very special young man, and I wish him success in his academic endeavors. I truly believe that he has a very bright future ahead and that he will continue to give back to his community and make a positive difference in the world. f 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on July 28, 2017 I missed a series of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on Nos. 436, 437, and 438. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to commemorate the life of Mr. John Christopher LaMonica. Mr. LaMonica’s career in broadcast journalism is a catalogue of the major events of 20th century history. From Central Asia to the Middle East to Southern Africa; from the secret nuclear cities of Siberia to New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina; he used facts to tell stories with moral truths. Originally from Rye, New York, Mr. LaMonica attended Georgetown University’s School of Foreign Service. In 1979, he became an Adjunct Fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. He cut his teeth as a consultant for Henry Kissinger and became a newsman with Ted Koppel, working for decades as an investigative producer for ABC News Nightline. In 2006 he took the legacy of journalism from that program with him to Discovery, where he produced cuttingedge documentaries with Mr. Koppel on subjects ranging from the history of race relations in America to surviving cancer. Mr. LaMonica continued that work as an executive producer at Al Jazeera America. The sum total of years spent away from his family in Russia and Iran and some of the most dangerous places on earth rewarded Mr. LaMonica with numerous National Emmys, several DupontColumbia and Peabody awards, the Overseas Press Club Edward R. Murrow Award, and the Global Health Council Excellence in Media Award. In 1987, he earned the Benton Fellowship in broadcast journalism from the University of Chicago. But what meant the world to Mr. LaMonica was that it can be said of him that he was a great father, the best grandfather, and, quite simply, a good man. In addition to his journalistic endeavors, Mr. LaMonica continuously gave back to our community. His philanthropic efforts included his involvement with the Knights of Columbus, HOPE in Northern Virginia and the Zambia Orphans of AIDS, and the St. Peter Claver Society. Mr. LaMonica died peacefully in his bed at home in Virginia on March 13, 2016, after battling cancer for nearly a year. He is survived by his wife, Teresa; her son; their three children; and four grandchildren, who still miss the man they called ‘‘Papa Jay.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating the life of, and bidding farewell to Jay LaMonica. May he rest in peace, and his family be comforted. f 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I had to miss today’s votes on July 28, 2017, because I had a prescheduled meeting and briefing at the United States Air Force Academy. Also, I cast the same votes when each of these bills was considered under suspension on 7/24/17. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 437, and YEA on Roll Call No. 438. 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE AND SACRIFICE OF SERGEANT CHRIS REDMAN 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service and sacrifice of Sergeant Chris Redman, and to congratulate him for being inducted into the Honorary Rolls of the 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment, the ‘‘Blackhorse Regiment.’’ I believe that our nation’s men and women in uniform are America’s greatest assets. They have made incredible sacrifices for our country and deserve our utmost support and respect for their service. Sergeant Redman has dedicated his life to protecting all Americans through his service as a sergeant in the United States Army and as a police officer. He received numerous recognitions while in the Army and has continued to serve the Blackhorse Regiment since his retirement. In addition to his selfless service to our country, Sergeant Redman has also been a great leader and supporter of the Blackhorse Regiment in his community, coordinating reunions and raising money for scholarship funds. Our nation owes no greater debt of gratitude than the one we owe our veterans. They and their families should be commended. On behalf of the 4th Congressional District of Colorado, I extend my best wishes and deepest gratitude to Sergeant Redman. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Sergeant Chris Redman for his commitment to family, community, and the United States of America. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, July 27, 2017, I was unavoidably detained and thus missed roll call votes 430 through 435. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY Roll Call No. 430, NAY Roll Call No. 431, NAY Roll Call No. 432, NAY Roll Call No. 433, NAY Roll Call No. 434, and YEA on Roll Call No. 435. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the service and sacrifice of Marine Corporal Luke McDermott. Corporal McDermott was serving his second deployment in Afghanistan when on June 9, 2010, an improvised explosive device detonated underneath his vehicle during a routine security patrol. The damage caused by this explosion cost Corporal McDermott both of his legs, but it did not take away the fighting spirit which enabled him to persevere through the difficult recovery process. It is a true testament to Corporal McDermott’s character that these injuries have not prevented him from pursuing life to its fullest. In addition to actively training and traveling with the U.S. National Sled Hockey team, he has continued his service to the global community by participating in a volunteer trip to study social development in Morocco. Through the generous work of Homes for our Troops, Corporal McDermott will soon become a resident of New York’s 21st District, and we are proud to welcome him. Since 2004, the organization has built 236 adapted homes for veterans, and now Homes for our Troops is providing Corporal McDermott with an accessible residence in Clayton, New York. Here, he can live comfortably and pursue his dreams of working toward a law degree. I would like to thank Corporal McDermott for his service to our county and for the sacrifices he has made for our way of life. He is a deserving recipient of the incredible opportunity that Homes for our Troops provides. f 
Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Howard L. Chambers, City Manager for Lakewood, California in my Southern California district who is retiring after over 41 years of public service. Howard is concluding his career as the longest serving city manager with any single city in California, exemplifying his love and dedication towards the City of Lakewood and its people. Howard was born and raised in Lakewood, having attended Lakewood schools and working at the local YMCA and the City of Lakewood’s recreation program. As his life progressed Howard never strayed too far from his beloved city, attending college at nearby California State University, Long Beach where he received a Bachelor of Science degree. Howard became Lakewood’s top executive in 1976, after receiving a Master of Arts degree in Planning and Administration from Pepperdine University and serving as Executive Assistant to the Lakewood City Manager. During his tenure with the City of Lakewood, Howard always provided strong leadership and knowledgeable direction for major projects. While his accomplishments are far too numerous to name, I want to highlight the building of the Weingart Senior Center, The Centre at Sycamore Plaza, the S. Mark Taper Foundation Vista Lodge, the West San Gabriel River Parkway Nature Trail, and, most recently, the new Pumpkin Playground at San Martin Park. He also oversaw the renovation of the Veterans Memorial Plaza and Douglas jet plane at Del Valle Park. Over the past decades, Howard has worked tirelessly to ensure Lakewood operates on firm financial footing and never outside its fiscal means. During the recent economic downturn, Lakewood was able to maintain funding for all city services and avoid employee layoffs thanks to Howard’s budgetary foresight. Howard has also played an influential role amongst his peers in city management, through his leadership roles in League of California Cities, the California Contract Cities Association, the California Joint Powers Insurance Authority, the Gateway Cities Council of Governments, and the International City/County Management Association. Howard was recently honored by the League of California Cities with the 2017 Wes McClure Award of Distinction for outstanding career service, leadership, ethics, expertise and innovation as a city manager. I wish to commend Howard Chambers on his many years of outstanding public service and dedication to the City of Lakewood and its residents. I wish him the very best in retirement. f 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, due to an unavoidable conflict, I missed the following votes on July 28. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 437, and YEA on Roll Call No. 438. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask that the following exchange of letters be included in the RECORD on H.R. 2810: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION , Washington, DC, June 29, 2017. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. THORNBERRY : I am writing to you concerning the bill H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. There are certain provisions in the legislation which fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on House Administration. In the interest of permitting your committee to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this important bill, I am willing to waive this committee’s right to sequential referral. I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the bill the Committee on House Administration does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 2810 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have 
worked regarding this matter and others between our respective committees. Sincerely, GREGG HARPER , Chairman, Committee on House Administration. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. GREGG HARPER , Chairman, Committee on House Administration, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on House Administration has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on House Administration is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, June 30, 2017. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. DEARMR. THORNBERRY : I am writing concerning H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. This legislation contains provisions within the Committee on Agriculture’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Agriculture will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Agriculture with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on Agriculture has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Agriculture is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. MACTHORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I am writing regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, which the Committee on Armed Services ordered reported on June 28, 2017. The bill contains provisions that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Budget. In order to expedite House consideration of H.R. 2810, the Committee on the Budget will forgo action on the bill. This is being done with the understanding that it does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in H.R. 2810 or similar legislation and that the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that the Committee may address any remaining issues that fall within its jurisdiction. The Committee on the Budget also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation and requests your support of any such request. I also request that you include this letter and your response as part of your committee’s report on H.R. 2810 and in the Congressional Record during its consideration on the House floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. I look forward to working with you as this bill moves through the Congress. Sincerely, DIANE BLACK , CHAIRMAN , COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. DIANE BLACK , Chairman, Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MADAM CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on the Budget has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on the Budget is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. f 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask that the following exchange of letters be included in the RECORD on H.R. 2810: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  WORKFORCE , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to confirm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Education and the Workforce with regard to H.R. 2810 on those matters within the Committee’s jurisdiction. In the interest of expediting the House’s consideration of H.R. 2810, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will forgo further consideration of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this procedural route will not be construed to prejudice my committee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to my committee in the future. I respectfully request your support for the appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be considered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Committee Report on H.R. 2810 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, VIRGINIA FOXX, Chairwoman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. VIRGINIA FOXX, Chairwoman, Committee on Education and the Workforce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMADAM CHAIRWOMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on Education and the Workforce has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Education and the Workforce is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 2810, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018.’’ While the legislation does contain provisions within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee will not request a sequential referral so that it can proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Committee takes this action with the understanding that its jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or altered, and that the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as such legislation moves forward. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment to any HouseSenate conference on such legislation and requests your support when such a request is made. Finally, I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters be included in the Congressional Record 
during consideration of H.R. 2810 on the House floor. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. GREGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on Energy and Commerce has valid jurisdictional claims to ce1iain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, June 30, 2017. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I am writing to you regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. There are certain provisions in the legislation which fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Financial Services. In the interest of permitting your committee to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this important bill, I am willing to waive this committee’s right to sequential referral. I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the bill the Committee on Financial Services does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 2810 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this matter and others between our respective committees. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on Financial Services has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Financial Services is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, June 30, 2017. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, which contains substantial matter that falls within the Rule X legislative jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee. I appreciate the cooperation that allowed us to work out mutually agreeable text on numerous matters prior to your markup. Based on that cooperation and our associated understandings, the Foreign Affairs Committee will not seek a sequential referral or object to floor consideration of the bill text approved at your Committee markup. This decision in no way diminishes or alters the jurisdictional interests of the Foreign Affairs Committee in this bill, any subsequent amendments, or similar legislation. I request your support for the appointment of House Foreign Affairs conferees during any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. Finally, I respectfully request that you include this letter and your response in your committee report on the bill and in the Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 2810 on the House floor. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 5, 2017. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2810, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. I agree that the Committee on Foreign Affairs has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Foreign Affairs is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. Senate confirmed the nomination of Christopher A. Wray, of Georgia, to be Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4633–S4695 Measures Introduced: Eighteen bills and six resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1682–1699, S.J. Res. 48, and S. Res. 237–241.
Measures Reported: S. 504, to permanently authorize the AsiaPacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Program. (S. Rept. No. 115–140) S. 81, to establish an advisory office within the Bureau of Consumer Protection of the Federal Trade Commission to prevent fraud targeting seniors. (S. Rept. No. 115–141) S. 1311, to provide assistance in abolishing human trafficking in the United States, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1312, to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
Measures Passed: Authorizing the Production of Records by the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations: Senate agreed to S. Res. 237, to authorize the production of records by the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.
Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Reauthorization Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. 860, to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
Grassley Amendment No. 741, relative to the reauthorization and improvement of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974. 
                                                                                            Page S4651 Power And Security Systems (PASS) Act: Senate passed S. 190, to provide for consideration of the extension under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of nonapplication of NoLoad Mode energy efficiency standards to certain security or life safety alarms or surveillance systems.
Elder Abuse Prevention and Prosecution Act: Senate passed S. 178, to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
Portman (for Grassley) Amendment No. 742, of a perfecting nature.
READ Act: Senate passed H.R. 601, to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, after agreeing to the committee amendments, and the following amendment proposed thereto:
Portman (for Rubio) Amendment No. 743, to add provisions regarding the promotion of United States values and the reduction of childhood exposure to extremist ideologies.
Northern Mariana Islands Economic Expansion Act: Committee on Energy and Natural Resources was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 339, to amend Public Law 94–241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Islands, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
Portman (for Murkowski/Cantwell) Amendment No. 744, to permit the extension of 350 nonimmigrant permits for workers in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.
Sergeant Joseph George Kusick VA Community Living Center: Senate passed H.R. 2210, to designate the community living center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Butler Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Sergeant Joseph George Kusick VA Community Living Center’’. 
Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2288, to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
Portman (for Isakson) Amendment No. 745, in the nature of a substitute.
Office of Special Counsel Reauthorization Act: Senate passed S. 582, to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, after agreeing to the committee amendments, and the following amendment proposed thereto:
Portman (for Johnson) Amendment No. 746, to permit an Inspector General to withhold certain material from the Office of Special Counsel if the material is derived from, or pertains to, intelligence activities.
POWER Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. 717, to promote pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to empower survivors of domestic violence, and the bill was then passed.
National PostTraumatic Stress Awareness Month and Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 203, designating the month of June 2017, as ‘‘National PostTraumatic Stress Awareness Month’’ and June 27, 2017, as ‘‘National PostTraumatic Stress Awareness Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
World Elder Abuse Awareness Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 194, designating June 15, 2017, as ‘‘World Elder Abuse Awareness Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
Juneteenth Independence Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 214, designating June 19, 2017, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery legally came to an end in the United States, and the resolution was then agreed to.                                        Page S4695 
Collector Car Appreciation Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 215, designating July 14, 2017, as Collector Car Appreciation Day and recognizing that the collection and restoration of historic and classic cars is an important part of preserving the technological achievements and cultural heritage of the United States, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
National Whistleblower Appreciation Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 231, designating July 30, 2017, as ‘‘National Whistleblower Appreciation Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
Honoring July 2016 Dallas Police Shooting Victims: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 213, honoring the memory of Dallas Police Department Senior Corporal Lorne Ahrens, Sergeant Michael Smith, Officer Michael Krol, Officer Patrick Zamarripa, and Dallas Area Rapid Transit Police Officer Brent Thompson, who were killed during the attack in Dallas, Texas, that occurred 1 year ago, on July 7, 2016, and the resolution was then agreed to.
National Airborne Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 233, designating August 16, 2017, as ‘‘National Airborne Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
National Lobster Day: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 221, designating September 25, 2017, as ‘‘National Lobster Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
Congratulating the Pittsburgh Penguins: Senate agreed to S. Res. 239, congratulating the Pittsburgh Penguins for winning the 2017 Stanley Cup hockey championship.
Congratulating the University of Florida baseball team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 240, congratulating the University of Florida baseball team for winning the 2017 National Collegiate Athletic Association College World Series.
National Purple Heart Recognition Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 241, supporting the goals and ideals of National Purple Heart Recognition Day. 
Rapid DNA Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 510, 
to establish a system for integration of Rapid DNA instruments for use by law enforcement to reduce violent crime and reduce the current DNA analysis backlog, and the bill was then passed.
Measures Considered: FDA Reauthorization Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2430, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the userfee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilar biological products.
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board.
House Messages: VA Choice and Quality Employment Act: Senate concurred in the amendments of the House to S. 114, to authorize appropriations and to appropriate amounts for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve hiring authorities of the Department, to authorize major medical facility leases.
Washington Metrorail Safety Commission— Agreement: A unanimousconsent agreement was reached providing that the papers with respect to H.J. Res. 76, granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the establishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission, be returned to the House of Representatives at their request.
Kaplan Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 10 a.m., on Wednesday, August 2, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the nomination of Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees.
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the following nominations: By 92 yeas to 5 nays (Vote No. EX. 181), Christopher A. Wray, of Georgia, to be Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for a term of ten years.
                                                                        Pages S4644–49 By 66 yeas to 31 nays (Vote No. EX. 182), Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. 
Elaine McCusker, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense. Robert Daigle, of Virginia, to be Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, Department of Defense. Robert R. Hood, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. Richard V. Spencer, of Wyoming, to be Secretary of the Navy. Ryan McCarthy, of Illinois, to be Under Secretary of the Army. Lucian Niemeyer, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. Matthew P. Donovan, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Air Force. Ellen M. Lord, of Rhode Island, to be Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics.
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—182)
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 7:47 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, August 2, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4695.) 
MAGNUSONSTEVENS FISHERY CONSERVATION AND MANAGEMENT ACT Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard concluded a hearing to examine reauthorization of the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act, focusing on National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and Council perspectives, after receiving testimony from 
Chris W. Oliver, Assistant Administrator for the National Marine Fisheries Service, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Department of Commerce; and John M. Quinn, New England Fishery Management Council, Dartmouth, Massachusetts. SUPERFUND PROGRAM OVERSIGHT Committee on Environment and Public Works: Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Environmental Protection Agency’s Superfund program, after receiving testimony from Steven C. Nadeau, Honigman Miller Schwartz and Cohn LLP, Detroit, Michigan; Jeffery A. Steers, Association of State and Territorial Solid Waste Management Officials, Richmond, Virginia; and Katherine N. Probst, McLean, Virginia. AFFORDABLE HOUSING CRISIS Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine America’s affordable housing crisis, focusing on challenges and solutions, after receiving testimony from Daniel GarciaDiaz, Director, Financial Markets and Community Investment, Government Accountability Office; Grant Whitaker, Utah Housing Corporation, on behalf of the National Council of State Housing Agencies, and Granger MacDonald, National Association of Home Builders, both of Washington, D.C.; Katherine M. O’Regan, New York University Robert F. Wagner Graduate School of Public Service Furman Center for Real Estate and Urban Policy, New York, New York; and Kirk McClure, University of Kansas School of Public Affairs and Administration Urban Planning Program, Lawrence. NOMINATION Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Stephen B. King, of Wisconsin, to be Ambassador to the Czech Republic, Department of State, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Lance Allen Robertson, of Oklahoma, to be Assistant Secretary for Aging, Brett Giroir, of Texas, and Robert P. Kadlec, of New York, both to be a Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, and Elinore F. McCanceKatz, of Rhode Island, to be Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, who was introduced by Senator Whitehouse, all of the Department of Health and Human Services, and Jerome M. Adams, of Indiana, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Surgeon General of the Public Health Service, who was introduced by Senator Young, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 8 public bills, H.R.3633–3640, were introduced. 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Roger Williams (H. Rept. 115–271); and Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Ben Ray Luja´n (H. Rept. 115–272).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Long to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H6583 Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Skyline Wesleyan Church, San Diego, CA.
Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: Ms. Lori Schwartz of Omaha, Nebraska.
Election Assistance Commission Board of Advisors—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Election Assistance Commission Board of Advisors: Mr. Elliot Berke of Arlington, Virginia.
John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development—Appointment: The Chair 
announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees for the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development for a term of six years: Mrs. Martha Roby of Montgomery, Alabama.
Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy—Reappointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s reappointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Military Academy: Representative Womack.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yeaandnay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 11 a.m. and adjourned at 11:04 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: business meeting to consider the nominations of Rostin Behnam, of New Jersey, Brian D. Quintenz, of Ohio, and Dawn DeBerry Stump, of Texas, each to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi ness meeting to consider S. 374, to enable concrete masonry products manufacturers to establish, finance, and carry out a coordinated program of research, education, and promotion to improve, maintain, and develop markets for concrete masonry products, S. 754, to support meeting our Nation’s growing cybersecurity workforce needs by expanding the cybersecurity education pipeline, S. 1322, to establish the American Fisheries Advisory Committee to assist in the awarding of fisheries research and development grants, S. 1425, to reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009, S. 1532, to disqualify from operating a commercial motor vehicle for life an individual who uses a commercial motor vehicle in committing a felony involving human trafficking, S. 1536, to designate a human trafficking prevention coordinator and to expand the scope of activities authorized under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s outreach and education program to include human trafficking prevention activities, S. 1586, to require the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere to update periodically the environmental sensitivity index products of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration for each coastal area of the Great Lakes, S. 1621, to require the Federal Communications Commission to establish a methodology for the collection by the Commission of information about commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service, and the nominations of Ajit Varadaraj Pai, of Kansas, Jessica Rosenworcel, of Connecticut, and Brendan Carr, of Virginia, each to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission, David J. Redl, of New York, to be Assistant Secretary for Communications and Information, Peter B. Davidson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary for Economic Affairs, and Elizabeth Erin Walsh, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary and Director General of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service, all of the Department of Commerce, Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, Mark H. Buzby, of Virginia, to be Administrator of the Maritime Administration, and Ronald L. Batory, of New Jersey, to be Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration, all of the Department of Transportation, and Robert L. Sumwalt III, of South Carolina, to be Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water and Power, to hold hearings to examine increasing water security and drought preparedness through infrastructure, management, and innovation, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hearings to examine the Federal Bureau of Investigation headquarters consolidation project, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine assessing the Colombia peace process, focusing on the way forward in United StatesColombia relations; to be immediately followed by a full committee hearing to examine the nomination of Doug Manchester, of California, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on the Authorizations for the Use of Military Force, focusing on Administration perspectives, 2 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: busi ness meeting to consider the nominations of Lance Allen Robertson, of Oklahoma, to be Assistant Secretary for Aging, Brett Giroir, of Texas, and Robert P. Kadlec, of New York, both to be a Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, and Elinore F. McCanceKatz, of Rhode Island, to be Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, all of the Department of Health and Human Services, Jerome M. Adams, of Indiana, to be Medical Director in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, and to be Surgeon General of the Public Health Service, Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor, and Heather L. 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accompanying report. A total of 139 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 198 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through July 31, 2017 
Days in session .................................... 117 115 . . Time in session ................................... 744 hrs., 49 ′ 543 hrs., 38′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 4,631 6,582 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,104 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 14 29 43 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 177 432 609 Senate bills .................................. 25 11 . . House bills .................................. 17 281 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 7 5 . . House joint resolutions ............... 14 19 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 4 4 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 5 9 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 105 103 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *179 *268 447 Senate bills .................................. 133 1 . . House bills .................................. 21 195 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 2 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 3 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 23 67 . . Special reports ..................................... 12 2 . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 162 49 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 1,976 4,319 6,295 Bills ............................................. 1,671 3,632 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 47 116 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 22 76 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 236 495 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 3 1 . . Yeaandnay votes ............................... 180 206 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 231 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through July 31, 2017 
Civilian nominations, totaling 311, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 56 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 227 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 28 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 710, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 698 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 12 Air Force nominations, totaling 3,081, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,074 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 7 Army nominations, totaling 5,429, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 5,179 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 250 Navy nominations, totaling 2,091, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,671 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 420 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,311, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,310 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 12,933 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 11,988 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 917 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 28 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, August 2 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Marvin Kaplan, of Kansas, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 11 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 1 p.m., Friday, August 4 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 1 p.m. 
HOUSE Buck, Ken, Colo., E1108 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1107 Fortenberry, Jeff, Nebr., E1108 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1107 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E1107 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E1108 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1108 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1108 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E1108, E1109 Waters, Maxine, Calif., E1107 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1107 