Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of Mary Lee Alcock Pearson, the Dorchester County Treasurer since December 2006. She died March 27 at home in Summerville, South Carolina. Accordingly, I want to take a moment to offer my condolences to a host of family and friends she leaves behind. It was Ernest Hemingway who said, ‘‘Every man’s life ends the same way. It’s only the details of how he lived . . . that distinguish one man from another.’’ In that vein, Mary distinguished her life by serving others—her community, in particular. Indeed, she loved Dorchester County, and she was in turn loved back. Mary was loyal almost to a fault and certainly extended me grace in the ups and downs of my life, and for that, I am indebted. She also cared about conservative ideals and good government. It is for that reason that I appointed her Dorchester County Treasurer back during my time as governor. In short, she was a great friend, a real leader, and a committed participant in the Lowcountry who will be sorely missed. In her memory, I would ask that we take a moment today for reflection, and pause in asking how we can live up to the legacy of giving and care that Mary embodied. For those of us who knew her, she will be missed. I look forward to our reunion in the heavens above. Until that meeting, Godspeed. f 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Carol Stream on being named one of the safest cities in the United States. The Village of Carol Stream was named the eightyninth safest city on Neighborhood Scout’s list of America’s 100 Safest Cities. Working together, law enforcement, local officials, and the community have made Carol Stream a safer place to live, work, and raise a family. The residents of Carol Stream should never underestimate the impact each citizen’s positive actions can have. Everyday there are members of the community helping to change lives, while also inspiring their peers to do the same. I would be remiss to not also mention the wonderful job of the Carol Stream Police and Fire Departments. Day in and day out the men and women of the Carol Stream Police and Fire Departments risk their lives to protect our community. Their bravery and courage are very deserving of our recognition and admiration, and I am pleased to see their service has led to Carol Stream being named one of the safest cities in America. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the Village of Carol Stream, Illinois and congratulating them on being named one of the safest cities in America. f 
The Senate met at 4:31:02 p.m. in pro forma session, and adjourned at 4:31:44 p.m., until 7:20 p.m., on Thursday, April 20, 2017. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 3 public bills, H.R. 2101–2103 were introduced.
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Sensenbrenner to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Skyline Wesleyan Church, San Diego, CA.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 11 a.m. and adjourned at 11:03 a.m. Committee Meetings 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 7:20 p.m., Thursday, April 20 
Program for Thursday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 4 p.m., Thursday, April 20 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 4 p.m. 
HOUSE Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E511 Sanford, Mark, S.C., E511 