Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, when Queen Helen of Sparta was abducted by the Trojan prince Paris, Helen’s jilted husband convinced his brother, a Greek king, to lead an expedition to retrieve her. He was accompanied by a fleet of more than a thousand ships. They crossed the sea to Troy and demanded Helen’s return. The siege, punctuated by all sorts of battles and skirmishes, lasted more than 10 years until one day when Odysseus had a bright idea. He said: Hey, guys, let’s build a really massive wooden horse. Let’s pretend like we have given up and sailed our fleet behind some island, but really about 30 of us will hide inside the horse. We will have someone tell the Trojans that it is some kind of gift to Athena, the goddess of war, and they will haul it into their city. When they are asleep, we will all sneak out, open the gates for everybody else, and totally kill everybody in the city. And that is the legend of the Trojan horse. So what is the moral of that story and why am I reciting Greek lore on the floor of Congress today? Well, because history has a way of repeating itself. Today we have our own Trojan horse, a socalled GOP healthcare bill, TrumpCare, that professes to be about health care but, in reality, is a Trojan horse to give tax breaks to the wealthiest in the country. Let’s take a serious look at it. We are told that it is the replacement to the Affordable Care Act, a bill that has offered insurance to over 20 million people in this country. Now that replacement is supposed to fix the problems of the Affordable Care Act and ensure health care for everyone, as promised by President Trump. But the covert part of TrumpCare was that he got busted last week when the Congressional Budget Office, our nonpartisan agency that evaluates bills, said that, in reality, the bill does little to improve health care. In fact, it 
said 24 million people would lose access to health care, not gain it. And it said older Americans would pay more for health insurance than under the Affordable Care Act and get fewer subsidies, and that more people on Medicaid would lose access to health care as well. So how can a supposed healthcare bill actually reduce health care? Well, when it is only a pretend healthcare bill. And what else did the CBO say? Well, they said this bill also includes almost $600 billion in tax cuts for the wealthiest individuals in our country, insurance companies, and Big Pharma. It gets worse. Those tax cuts for the wealthy, just how bad are they? Well, the 400 richest families in the country making more than $300 million a year will get an annual tax cut of $7 million each. So Charles Koch and Betsy DeVos get $7 million a year while a retired farmer in Janesville, Wisconsin, in Speaker RYAN’s district, earning $26,000 a year may have to pay $14,600 for the same health care she got under the Affordable Care Act, but the old cost was only about $1,700. That is a 750 percent increase on lowincome, older Americans so the richest can bank millions. b1015 And the CBO said another tax cut in TrumpCare provides about $275 billion in tax breaks that only the top 2 percent of Americans can get, while 98 percent of us will never see a dime. And who else gets tax cuts? Insurance companies get a tax break of about $145 billion, drug companies get a tax break of $25 billion, and medical device companies get a break of about $20 billion. That is almost $600 billion worth of tax cuts for the wealthy, and what do we get? Less health care for more money. That is not a serious healthcare alternative. That is a tax cut for the wealthy disguised as health care, and you and I get to foot the bill. That is what is called a Trojan horse. And you have to be especially careful these days because Trojans are a little bit different than they used to be, and they are only used when you get—well, the same thing this will do to America, Mr. Speaker. 
IMPORTANCE OF CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, recently, the House Education and the Workforce Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education hosted a hearing to discuss the state of career and technical education in America, as well as changes that can be made to strengthen CTE and better prepare students of all ages for the workforce. One of the biggest challenges facing career and technical education is the stigma associated with it. Through the years, we have seen wrongheaded claims that students involved in the trades lacked ambition. Those misplaced assumptions are slowly subsiding, but not soon enough. CTE has established itself as a path that many highachieving students choose in pursuit of industry certification and handson skills that they can use right out of high school, in training programs, or in college. At this hearing, we heard from many knowledgeable witnesses, including Mike Rowe, the television host of the television show ‘‘Dirty Jobs.’’ Mike shared his experience as a young student who didn’t know what career path he wanted to follow. So, he looked no further than his local community college. His eyes were open to hundreds of courses that he could afford to study. And Mike said: ‘‘That experience opened doors I didn’t even know existed. But that same experience is precisely what thousands of kids are discouraged from pursuing every year.’’ Mr. Speaker, the reality is, a huge gap exists in communities nationwide. There are jobs out there, good family sustaining jobs, but the unemployed or underemployed are either illprepared or lack the appropriate training to fill these vacancies. The answer to this problem starts with career and technical education. That is why last Congress I introduced Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. This bill, which passed the House in the fall by a vote of 405–5, aimed to close the skills gap by modernizing the Federal investment in career and technical education programs and connecting educators with industry stakeholders—the job creators. I look forward to reintroducing similar legislation with my Career and Technical Education Caucus cochair, Congressman JIM LANGEVIN from Rhode Island, later this month. During the hearing, Mike Rowe described naysayers as viewing a job in the trades as a ‘‘vocational consolation prize.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, nothing could be further from the truth. We must change this stigma, this bias, and help encourage American students to study a career that they are interested in and that they are passionate about. The list is endless with career and technical education, and the jobs are out there. 
HEALTH CARE CONCERNS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, today, I celebrate the birth of my twin daughters, Sky and Sage as they turn 2 years old. Happy birthday, Sky; happy birthday, Sage. You both have made your mom, Monica, and me very, very happy. Because of you both, I am the happiest man on Earth. We love you very much, and I miss you very much when I am here in the people’s House and you are in California in our family’s house. The best feelings in the world are when I get home after a long week here and you two girls run up to me with open arms and you run into my arms screaming: Daddy, daddy, daddy. I will never forget those moments ever, and I thank you for them. Mr. Speaker, my daughters mean the world to me, and my daughters’ future and their health mean the world to me. And now, more than ever, I want to protect health care for Sky and Sage and for the millions of Americans across our great Nation. I am an emergency physician, and I have spent my career caring for patients across the Nation from Boston to Pittsburgh and to the Coachella Valley where I grew up and which I now represent. Many of my patients, far too many, didn’t have health insurance. And I have seen firsthand what it means for people when they don’t have health coverage and can’t afford care. I know what uninsured patients look like. They are the senior who comes in with emphysema and having to be intubated and put on a respiratory machine because they didn’t have health insurance to see their doctor. It is the diabetic who comes in in a diabetic coma and spends 2 months in the ICU because they couldn’t afford their insulin, or they couldn’t see their doctor. Or that 60yearold farmworker who had urinary problems and lower back pains, which scares me that he might have prostate cancer metastasized to the lumbar spine, and when asked when was the last time he saw a doctor, he said 6 years ago because that is when he lost his health insurance. This Republican plan should be called the pain and suffering act or the pay more for less act, because that is what it will do. This bill will add 14 million more uninsured people within 1 year and 24 million more over the next decade. We need to move beyond the Republican hyperpartisan ideology and listen to patients and their concerns. My patients in the emergency department ask me two of the most common questions, which are: Am I going to be okay? How much is this going to cost me? I have never cared for an uninsured patient who chose to be uninsured. They didn’t have health insurance because they couldn’t afford it. And that includes the young, healthy patient who was in an unfortunate car accident and was left paralyzed. I never met a doctor who preferred their patients to be uninsured. Yet, we know that the Republican bill’s age tax—huge cuts to Medicaid— will reduce coverage and make millions more uninsured, increase costs of uncompensated care, while giving tax breaks to millionaires, raising outof pocket costs, and raising premiums and deductibles. 
The age tax is astronomical. The CBO said that a senior at the age of 60, making about $26,000, would have to pay about $14,000 in premiums. That is nearly half of their income, leaving very little for food and housing and their other needs. This bill also will make it harder for doctors and hospitals to care for patients, due to the Medicaid block granting and the cuts. That is why the American Medical Association, the American Hospital Association, the AARP, and many major provider organizations oppose this bill, because they also know firsthand the harm it would cause to patients. That is why AARP opposes this bill, because they know the harm it is going to cause to the elderly in our Nation. Now, do PAUL RYAN and President Trump really know more about patient care and providing care than doctors, nurses, and hospitals? Do they know more about taking care of seniors than the AARP? No. We need to end this hyperpartisan, ideological charade that puts the cost of health care on the shoulders of working families in order to give tax breaks to multimillionaires. We need to come together as one body to provide true health care, reduce the healthcare costs for millions of Americans, and provide the care that is needed. 
REPEALING OBAMACARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. ROBY) for 5 minutes. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, 7 years ago this week, in this Chamber, the House gave final passage to the Affordable Care Act, better known as ObamaCare. I wasn’t in Congress then. Many of us weren’t. But for my fellow conservatives here today, that vote 7 years ago marked a decision point, or a moment of affirmation, to answer the call to public service and to help chart a better way for this country. And for 7 years, we have made the case against ObamaCare. As the law has been implemented, that case has been largely made for us. Millions have been forced away from the healthcare plan and doctor they liked, despite being told otherwise. This year alone, in Alabama, health insurance premiums are rising by 58 percent. That is on top of the already steep increases the past 2 years. Our average deductible for the supposedly affordable bronze plan is now $6,000. I have heard from countless constituents about the negative impact of ObamaCare. I have listened to their stories about how higher costs and fewer choices have made it that much harder to keep their families healthy and make ends meet. And in response, I made a promise— the same promise President Trump and every conservative in Congress has made over and over: Give us the majority in the House and the Senate, give us a Republican in the White House, and we will repeal ObamaCare and replace it with reforms that work. So, Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that we are finally in a position to deliver on that promise. The voters gave us what we asked of them, and it is only right that we keep our end of the bargain. With the American Health Care Act, we begin the process of repealing ObamaCare once and for all. This bill dismantles the taxes, mandates, and entitlement spending that make up the core of ObamaCare. It cuts taxes on prescription drugs, overthecounter medications, insurance premiums, and medical devices. It eliminates the individual and employer mandate penalties that have forced millions into expensive, inadequate plans. It replaces the ObamaCare entitlement with refundable tax credits so that people who don’t receive insurance through work can put their own tax dollars toward a health plan of their choice. Mr. Speaker, many people have asked why our plan to repeal and replace ObamaCare is a process. Why is this bill only one step and not the full package? It is an understandable question. For the last several years, Americans have been sold the false hope that government has a magic wand with which they can solve all of their problems. The truth is, of course, that it can’t. It never can. And the only proof you need is ObamaCare itself. That is why congressional Republicans and the Trump administration are taking a completely different approach than President Obama and the Democrats used 7 years ago. Instead of claiming we need to pass the bill so you can find out what is in it, we have worked in a transparent way. The bill text has been posted online for 3 weeks. It has gone through three separate committee markups, and will come to the House floor in regular order. Instead of one giant bill like ObamaCare, we are using a more responsible, threestep process. First, we will repeal ObamaCare with all its taxes, mandates, and spending through budget reconciliation. Next, the Trump administration will use executive authority to weed out the more intricate ObamaCare policies one by one to stabilize the market and lower costs. And finally, Congress will move forward with legislation addressing more specific policies, such as allowing individuals to purchase insurance across State lines. I believe this will ultimately lead to better, more stable healthcare policy that empowers patients, increases choices, and lowers costs. Mr. Speaker, no bill is perfect. I am sure if every Member of this body came up with their ideal health reform bill, they would each be pretty different. It is supposed to be that way, because we all represent different districts in different parts of the country with different needs. There may well be some changes made here in the House or in the Senate that can make the bill better. That is part of the process, so I certainly remain open to those. But, Mr. Speaker, I am confident this bill puts us on a path toward lower cost and better care, and away from governmentcontrolled health insurance. It represents our opportunity to undo the damage of ObamaCare and help American families like we said we would. For 7 years, we have been promising, and this is our chance to deliver. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the American Health Care Act and send it to the Senate, and get us one step closer to delivering on our promise. f 
b1030 LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE CONCERNING THE AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) for 5 minutes. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the American Health Care Act, or TrumpCare, does one simple thing: This shortsighted Republican plan forces Americans to pay more to get less. It is nothing more than a tax break for the wealthiest at the expense of the most vulnerable. Today, joining every major responsible group for providing health care to Americans—including the American Hospital Association, the AARP, the National Physicians Alliance, the American Medical Association, the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, and the National Nurses United—a group representing over 150,000 registered nurses wrote to Congress urging us to oppose the American Health Care Act. Registered nurses care for Americans in our most difficult hours. From our first breath of life to our final, nurses are integral to the delivery of health care in our country. More than any other profession, nurses see the personal effects of a flawed healthcare system in the hospital every single day. I know, Mr. Speaker, because I was the first former registered nurse in the House. I have a firsthand, valuable perspective and insight that nurses have into our healthcare system. We should take their heed alongside the public outcry about the danger of this so called replacement bill. These are not paid protesters going to townhall meetings across this country. These are our constituents, participating democratically, telling their Representatives that they want to keep and improve the current law, not repeal and replace. This proposed plan replaces nothing for the 24 million Americans who would lose coverage as a result of this illderived legislation. In my district alone, President Obama’s Affordable Care Act brought 
the uninsured rate down from 27.3 percent to 20.8 percent, and insured over 265,000 individuals who did not have coverage before. While the main safety net provider in my district, Parkland Memorial Hospital, provided $1 billion in uncompensated care in 2015, Parkland and the other safety net providers face severe financial burdens in the House GOP proposal. One of my main concerns with this bill is that it punishes people who get their coverage through Medicaid by capping and slashing the program. With 70 million Americans and 5.2 million Texans who currently rely on Medicaid, per capita caps on the program would not meet the needs of the population, and the people would suffer. People will live or die as a result of our decisions here on this floor, Mr. Speaker. There is no reason for the Republican leadership to rush this legislation without careful consideration, including the input of those who actually provide health care. We need to listen to our constituents, our nurses, our doctors, our longterm care aides, and our hospitals. We must listen to the people. This bill will force Americans to pay more for their premiums, more for their care, more for their medicine, more outofpocket expenses and deductibles, all the while giving tax breaks directly to the wealthy. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to consider the harmful effects of this bill. Your constituents are asking you to work with us to repair the Affordable Care Act, and we are ready to work. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  correspondence from National Nurses United. 
NATIONAL NURSES UNITED , Silver Spring, MD/Oakland, CA, March 21, 2017. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 150,000 Registered Nurse members of National Nurses United, we urge you to oppose the American Health Care Act when it comes to a vote on the floor of the House of Representatives. Registered Nurses care for Americans in their most difficult hours. More than any other profession, we see the personal effects of a flawed healthcare system in the hospital every single day. Our primary responsibility is to protect the health and wellness of our patients by providing care at the bedside. The American Health Care Act poses a mortal threat to the health and wellbeing of our patients, and to the health security of our country. Last week, the Congressional Budget Office reported that 24 million Americans will lose insurance coverage under the original legislative text. The plan would increase the number of uninsured people by 78% in 2020, and by 86% in 2026. This reality is in stark contrast to one of the key campaign promises made by the President this past year—instead of providing ‘‘insurance for everybody’’, this healthcare bill will dramatically reduce the number of insured Americans. The President also promised not to cut Medicaid or Medicare, but the AHCA includes drastic cuts to both programs. There is not a single aspect of this legislation that will benefit our patients who lack the health care services that they need. Specifically, the legislation will: Eliminate the Prevention and Public Health Fund, which will worsen the health of our communities, spread infectious disease, and increase health system costs; Phase out coverage for Medicaid expansion in Medicaid expansion states beginning in 2020, while preventing new states from receiving enhanced Federal Medical Assistance Percentage in order to expand Medicaid; Institute a per capita cap for Medicaid, along with the option for states to use a block grant instead. Both options will reduce coverage for the most vulnerable, shift care from clinics to emergency rooms, increase system costs for the chronically ill as they defer treatments because of cost, and unfairly shift the burden of costs to the states; Empower individual states to determine eligibility, scope and benefits for Medicaid as per their own discretion, but there will be no increase in federal monies to cover expanded eligibility; Eliminate funding to Planned Parenthood which will worsen women’s health, and create burdens for women, families and society from unsafe pregnancies and other health conditions no longer treated; Eliminate the definition of ‘‘essential benefits’’—a move that makes all patients vulnerable to the distortions and marketing games of insurance companies; Repeal the costsharing subsidies of the ACA, and destroy the ability of 80% of people currently buying insurance on the Exchanges to maintain coverage; Open the door for junk insurance. The bill includes a penalty for lack of continuous coverage, creating a big incentive for patients to buy lowcost, nocoverage plans; Fail to encourage lowcost coverage, because the legislation shifts thousands of dollars in spending from insurance company spending to the individual’s out of pocket costs; Reproduce the failed ‘‘highrisk pools’’ of the 1990’s and 2000’s, through the ‘‘Patient and Stability Fund’’. It is inevitable that the number of eligible patients will overwhelm the resources of these high risk pools; Repeal the Medicare Hospital Insurance Tax, which will reduce funding and destabilize for the Medicare program that our nation’s seniors rely on; Allow insurers to charge seniors five times the amount of a younger person. This revision will prove to be deadly for our nation’s seniors, and it reveals the extent to which this reform will benefit the profit margins of insurance companies, at the expense of patients’ lives. Our experience at the bedside, coupled with analysis from health policy researchers, confirm our conclusion that this bill does not address the primary concerns of our patients: getting the care they need when they need it, without overwhelming financial burdens. Over many years, with the notable exception of the passage of Medicare in 1965, the United States has built a patchwork health system around private insurance access, rather than genuine access to health care. This legislation, if enacted, will perpetuate this system while undermining gains made in the Affordable Care Act. Given the ultimate reductions in Medicaid, and the other reversals in the bill, there is literally nothing in this legislation that provides our patients with the care they need. In order to effectively address the health system problems in this country, legislators must move beyond a private health insurance company dominated system. Health policy research, and the experience of every other wealthy nation, shows that a single payer health care system is the most successful model to use. In the United States, Medicare is an example of how successful such a system can be. If the goal of our health system is to provide quality care for all Americans at the lowest cost possible, then we must transition to a single payer healthcare system—or Medicare For All. The principal effect of the American Health Care Act, on the other hand, will be the loss of existing health coverage for tens of millions of people without any restraints on healthcare industry pricing practices. This legislation will result in overwhelming health insecurity for the American people. On behalf of registered nurses across the country, we urge the rejection of this flawed, and deadly, proposal. We urge you to instead support guaranteed healthcare for all, through an improved, expanded Medicare for All program. Sincerely, DEBORAH BURGER , RN, President, NNU. JEANROSS, RN, President, NNU. f 
RECOGNIZING CAMPBELLSVILLE UNIVERSITY LADY TIGERS WOMEN’S BASKETBALL TEAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay special recognition to the Campbellsville University Lady Tigers women’s basketball team upon making the entire Commonwealth of Kentucky proud with another successful college basketball season. The Lady Tigers finished with a 28–7 record and appeared in their second NAIA Fab Four round in 3 years. In their final four game in Billings, Montana, against Oklahoma City, two girls from my home county of Monroe had career highlights. Madison Clements hit six 3pointers and Lauren Turner had nine assists. The Campbellsville University Lady Tigers are also coached by a Monroe County girl, Ginger High Colvin. The Campbellsville University Lady Tigers have been one of the most dominant college girls basketball programs in the NAIA over the past 20 years. Campbellsville University is one of Kentucky’s finest educational institutions, and I am very proud that Campbellsville is in the First Congressional District of Kentucky. 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT DOESN’T HELP MENTAL HEALTH PATIENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, a few months ago, a woman from my district walked into my office and told me about her daughter, a young lady diagnosed with acute mental illness at just 4 years of age. A decade later, the stories that that young mom shared would split your heart: stories of countless ER visits, endless fights with insurers and courts, 
a little girl being boarded at a hospital for 21 days while they searched up and down the East Coast to find a bed where she could stay. At 14 years old, she has now spent half of her life in residential care. But it was how her mother ended that story that has stuck with me. She looked me in the eyes and told me that: ‘‘Compared to other people I know, we have been lucky.’’ Mr. Speaker, that is not luck. This is a mental health system so broken that it is hard to recognize. And how have our Republican colleagues followed up in response? They have offered a piece of legislation that is one of the largest assaults on our mental health system in recent history. The GOP repeal bill will remove guaranteed behavioral health coverage for everyone covered under the Medicaid expansion. It will abandon those suffering from substance abuse disorder to fend for themselves in a country ravaged by opioid abuse. It will allow work requirements for care, forcing countless people to somehow choose between getting treatment and keeping their job. It will help insurers further skirt parity laws that require them to treat the mentally ill fairly. It will send outofpocket costs soaring for the most vulnerable among us. Mr. Speaker, one in five Americans today suffer from mental illness. These brave men and women and their families that love them deserve more than the cheap luck of a broken system. They deserve more than the empty rhetoric of a bill that ‘‘might’’ cover or ‘‘could’’ cover the care that they need. They deserve an ironclad commitment from their government that we will have their back. This bill does not do that. 
DON’T REPEAL AFFORDABLE CARE ACT—MAKE BIG FIXES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, the healthcare plan supported by President Trump and Speaker RYAN will raise premiums and deductibles. Let’s tell the truth here on the floor of the House of Representatives. It will raise premiums and deductibles. It will throw millions off of their insurance. It will shift the cost of health care to the States who are fiscally strapped today, causing a rationing of care at the State level. And, yes, it will cover less and less people and raise the insecurity that people have today about whether or not, if they get an illness or someone in their family does, they are going to have healthcare coverage. The result is that working people, older Americans, will pay more; and, in fact, with older Americans, it will impose an age tax. The irony of this is that working people and older Americans are going to be paying for the tax breaks in this bill, tax breaks to millionaires and to billionaires. I will explain. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office recently estimated that 14 million Americans will lose coverage in 2018; 24 million Americans will lose their insurance coverage by 2026. In my State of Connecticut, 220,300 individuals are projected to lose their health insurance by 2026. Again, older Americans will be hit the hardest. They will see their premiums spike. Yes, it is an age tax. And the reckless cuts in this bill rob, in addition to this, it robs the Medicare trust fund, which people rely on, of over $170 billion, shortening the life of that trust fund by years. Longterm care that older Americans rely on will be hurt, as well as folks who are disabled. And children will be hurt as well. Over the next 10 years—and again, these are not my numbers, but the Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that two of the tax breaks in the repeal bill will provide $275 billion in tax cuts to individuals who have an income over $200,000, and nearly $190 billion will go to tax cuts for health insurance companies. Do we believe that they are hurting? It is also going to provide a tax break for drug companies, for pharmaceutical companies. Are they hurting today? No. They are reaping profits every single day. That is the case with medical device manufacturers as well. While the wealthiest Americans and corporations reap the benefits of this Trump bill and Ryan bill, roughly 160 million households with incomes below that $200,000 level will pay for the repeal of these taxes. I have heard from thousands of my constituents about how the Affordable Care Act has positively impacted their lives. I have submitted testimony for the record from women in my district who depend on the Affordable Care Act to manage lifethreatening illnesses, get back to work, get them the mental health services that they need. Just think of that injustice when you think about Mnikesa Whitaker, whom I spoke to just 2 weeks ago. She has an autoimmune disease which is called scleroderma. I regret to say that this has put her life in danger, but she now has the protection because she is no longer threatened by preexisting conditions. In her words, she said: ‘‘I will die without the Affordable Care Act.’’ We have a moral obligation not to let Mnikesa or others down. We have an obligation to older Americans and to the middle class of this country, to working people. The Affordable Care Act needs to be changed in critical ways. Premiums and deductibles are way too high and are putting too much strain on families who barely make enough to live on. We know that because their wages have not kept pace with rising costs. There is not enough competition in the marketplaces. But instead of repealing the Affordable Care Act, we should be working our hearts out to make the big fixes that are necessary. But my friends, that starts with defeating this wrongheaded bill. f 
b1045 LET’S COME TOGETHER TO MAKE MEANINGFUL PROGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. LAWSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, the Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act is an exercise in smoke and mirrors. This proposal would give tax breaks to wealthy Americans by burdening hardworking families with higher healthcare costs. The Republican plan allows for soaring new healthcare costs for our seniors and shortens the life of the Medicare trust fund, endangering seniors and disabled Americans who depend on Medicare coverage. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that if the Republican proposal became the law of the land, some 14 million people will be without healthcare insurance in 2018, and up to 24 million could lose their healthcare coverage by the year 2026. The CBO also found that average premiums for people buying insurance on their own would be 15 to 20 percent higher in 2018 and 2019 than they would under current law. In my home district, the uninsured rate has gone from 18.7 percent to 14.9 percent since the Affordable Care Act was implemented, and 34,000 people have purchased coverage thanks to the ACA. Those people are now at risk of losing their healthcare coverage if the Republican plan becomes law. This is completely unacceptable to Floridians. We know that the Affordable Care Act is not a perfect law, and there is a lot of room for improvement. That is what we should focus on in Congress right now: coming together to figure out ways to bring down healthcare costs, stabilize the market, and help ensure that more people can have access to the affordable health care they need and deserve. We need to put aside the partisan bickering, roll up our sleeves, and get to work. It is a sad day in America when Members of Congress are unable to come together to do what is right for the American people. I will continue to fight to ensure that Floridians with preexisting conditions don’t have to worry about losing their healthcare costs, and that young adults can stay on their family’s insurance until they reach age 26. I urge my colleagues to remember that no roads or bridges were ever built by Democrats or Republicans. No war was ever won by Democrats or Republicans. From Social Security to Medicare, to putting a man on the Moon 
and tearing down the Berlin wall, none of these milestones in our history was accomplished by one particular political party. They are a result of public servants coming together to solve the great challenges of our time. This is the challenge that lies before us: we must find a way to come together to make meaningful progress for the American people. 
PEOPLE NEED BETTER HEALTH CARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, President Trump and Speaker RYAN have said that the Affordable Care Act that we have now is a disaster, that it is a calamity. There are problems with it. For some people in some plans, premiums are too high. So what do the Republicans want to do? Raise the premiums. For some people in some plans, deductibles are too high. So what do the Republicans want to do? Make the deductibles much higher. Let’s get away from the rhetoric about the Affordable Care Act and look at what the Republicans plan to do with the bill that we are going to be voting on presumably in the next few days: raise the premiums, raise the deductibles. They say that you will not be disqualified for preexisting conditions and that you will still be able to get insurance, but not if you let your coverage lapse in 6 months. If you are laid off from your job and you lose your insurance and 6 months later you get insurance, no, you are going to have to pay a 30 percent higher premium in order to get coverage. So their guarantee is worth nothing. What does the bill that we are going to be voting on do? This bill would throw 24 million people off of coverage. Twenty four million Americans would lose their health care, the security of mind that they have now. This bill would destroy about 2 million jobs. This bill would force families to pay higher costs, higher premiums, higher deductibles. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that a 50 or 60 yearold person making $26,000 and who, under ObamaCare, is paying, after the subsidies, out of pocket $1,700 a year for health insurance, will, under this new Republican bill, after the appropriate subsidies that this bill will give, pay not $1,700, but $14,000 on a pretax income of $26,000. So this bill will increase costs, throw 24 million people off of coverage, and impose an age tax. People above 50 years old will have to pay five times as much as younger people for insurance, a very crushing age tax. Why? Why do this? Because they say people need more freedom to choose their health care. People don’t need more freedom to choose their health care. People need better health care. They need coverage. They need security. They need coverage that will take care of their health needs at a low cost. That is what they need. The ObamaCare, the existing bill that we have, the Affordable Care Act, gives them that, not as well as it should. We should make improvements to it. It is not an improvement to throw 24 million people off of coverage, increase the cost, and institute a crushing age tax. Why? It is to give a tax benefit of $2.8 billion to the richest 400 families in the United States. This bill would be the largest transfer of wealth from low and mostly middleincome people to the top 1 percent in American history. Let me just address one last thing. People are being bribed to vote for this bill. People are being bribed legally. Provisions are being put in the bill to say: Hey, if you vote for this bill, you will benefit, your State will benefit. Okay. There is nothing wrong with that. It has been done before. Let’s take a look at one of those bribes, the socalled New York bribe. New York, along with 15 other States, takes advantage or utilizes a provision in the law that has been in the law since 1965 in Medicaid in which the State share of Medicaid is borne partially by the State and partially by local governments. Sixteen States have elected to do that. This bill says that New York State only will be prohibited from sharing the burden of Medicaid with local governments. So $2.3 billion will be shifted from various local governments onto the State’s taxpayers, except for New York City. Upstate counties will lose their share. New York City will have to keep it. The State will have to bear the burden. So it is a $2.3 billion increase for State taxpayers. Now, eight Republicans, we are told, from upstate New York are going to vote for this bill just because of that. They don’t like the bill in other respects, but because of that provision, which will relieve some of the burden from local counties, they are going to vote for the bill; and they say so. Representative COLLINS of New York said so. He would vote for that bill. He got a number of other people to agree. That is why the provision is in the bill. Okay. But it is not going to happen. It is flatly unconstitutional. They are selling their votes for something that is never going to happen, and that is just wrong. This bill should not be approved. It is a sellout to the people of the entire country. 
BUILD ON AFFORDABLE COVERAGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am here today on the floor of the House to speak out on behalf of my neighbors back home in the State of Florida. I represent a district in the Tampa Bay area. Let me tell you, they are very concerned about the impact of this Republican healthcare bill. What we know about the bill so far, based upon the report of the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, is that the Republican bill will rip coverage away from at least 24 million Americans. This is at a time when we have made such progress since the adoption of the Affordable Care Act. Under the Affordable Care Act, about 20 million Americans have gained coverage, including about 1.7 million of my neighbors in Florida that went shopping on healthcare.gov and found an affordable option. The Republican bill would take us backwards. It would also impose huge cost increases on everyone. Let me tell you, most people in America have their insurance through their employer. And under the Affordable Care Act—it hasn’t been perfect—what we have seen in the State of Florida between the years 2010 and 2015 is the rate of increase for my neighbors who have their insurance through their jobs has been kept in check. The rate of increase has only been 1.3 percent. Before the adoption of the Affordable Care Act, the rate of increase was well over 8 percent. Why is this happening? If you have insurance through your job, you want other people to have insurance coverage. That is very important because, if more Americans don’t have insurance coverage, they show up in the emergency room and that cost is passed along to those who have coverage or those on Medicare, or the hospital has to take on bad debt, or local governments have to raise taxes to cover that care. Under this Republican bill, hold on to your wallet because that insurance coverage now will be unaffordable for millions of more Americans. If you have insurance through your job, like most people do, you are now going to end up picking up the cost of people that can no longer afford coverage. If you are a little bit older, easing into Medicare—maybe you are 50 to 64—hold on to your wallet. There is a huge age tax in this Republican bill. I will give you an example from a neighbor of mine back home. Her name is Kathy Palmer. She lives in Tampa. She works two parttime jobs. She works for an accountant. It is a small business. They cannot afford to provide insurance through their small business. She is also working to get her degree in accountancy from the University of South Florida. Kathy has two part time jobs. She is age 60. She is going to school to get a degree. She has a teenager in high school. She couldn’t afford insurance coverage before the Affordable Care Act. When the Affordable Care Act was adopted, she could go 
shopping on healthcare.gov and get some tax credit help to help afford coverage. Here is what happened to Kathy in December. She had heart pains. She thought she was having a heart attack. She went to the emergency room of one of our great local hospitals. Thank goodness, she did not have a heart attack. Kathy almost had a heart attack, however, when she got the hospital bill later. The hospital bill was $70,000. That would bankrupt her. Fortunately, she had coverage through the Affordable Care Act at healthcare.gov, and ultimately what she paid on that hospital bill was only $179. This story is repeated over and over again, and I simply do not understand why my Republican colleagues think it is wise to make coverage unaffordable and increase cost on all Americans. Mr. Speaker, the other part of this bill that is kind of flying under the radar, but is quite insidious and rather unconscionable is the hatchet it takes to the 50year guarantee that is provided to Americans under Medicaid. Medicaid serves our neighbors with Alzheimer’s. It pays about twothirds of the cost of longterm care and skilled nursing, the cost of care for the disabled, many children, many pregnant women. It has been the law for about 50 years to ensure that, in the United States of America, if you have a child born with a complex medical condition or you have a parent or grandparent that has to go into a nursing home, that your family is not going to be impoverished. That is a valued decision we made 50 years ago. In this bill, the Republican leadership intends to go back on our values and pull the rug out from under our families who rely on Medicaid services. They say: Oh, the States will be able to do this. The States will have all the flexibility in the world. Well, flexibility is a canard for they are going to have less, and we are going to ration care. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Republican colleagues to pull this bill, to build on affordable coverage, to build on the cost savings that we have made and the progress we have made for these families. 
b1100 HEALTH CARE OUGHT TO BE A RIGHT AND NOT A PRIVILEGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS) for 5 minutes. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, let me thank you for giving me the opportunity to once again express my opposition to the repealand replace healthcare bill before us. You know, it is my position that health care ought to be a right and not a privilege, especially in a country where we have the skill, the knowledge, and the technology to provide it. Medicare and Medicaid opened up new opportunities for health care for seniors and large numbers of lowincome, poor people in this country in the mid1960s. As a matter of fact, before Medicaid and Medicare, some of them had never ever been able to acquire any professional medical help. As a matter of fact, they lived off remedies and concoctions and things that they had learned how to put together. Now we come along with some help— Medicare, Medicaid—and the next big move was the Affordable Care Act, which was a long time coming, but it helped us move to the point where more than 20 million people were able to get health insurance who had never had it before, whose only outlet was to go to the emergency room of public hospitals and oftentimes sit sometimes for 2 or 3 days before they got service, before they got attention. Now, here we come with something talking about repealing it, taking it away. How could we possibly want to go backwards, back to where millions of people are wondering every day whether or not they are going to be able to go to the doctor and get serviced if they are sick? And so I say to my colleagues, especially those who have never had the experience of knowing hundreds of people with no care like I have, let’s say: No, no, no. Forward ever, backwards never. f 
DON’T WALK THE PLANK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, it was 7 years ago today that the Affordable Care Act passed and changed the lives of so many millions of Americans who previously couldn’t get health care. But I think we knew even at the time that a big bill like this, a transformative piece of legislation like this, over time would require some changes, just as Social Security and Medicare have done. The truth of the matter is, for 7 years, as we heard Republicans complaining about what was happening, we said: Let’s sit down together, as Members of Congress, representatives of the people, and fix what we have got and build on the things that have made it possible for all these millions of people to have not only health care, but better health care. Instead, what we heard over and over again is: Repeal ObamaCare; repeal ObamaCare. And I kind of feel like today what we have is, because they said that, then they feel like they have to fulfill a promise. But if you look at what they are offering, it really hurts so many Americans. What I hope the American people will understand is that the socalled repeal andreplace bill raises the cost of premiums and outofpocket costs. People are going to pay more and get less. Twentyfour million people—that is just a start; it ends up being some 50 million people after some years—will lose their coverage altogether. It represents the single largest transfer of wealth to the top richest Americans and corporations. We are talking about $600 billion in tax relief. There is not a lot of talk about that. In many ways, this is a tax cut for the richest being masked as a healthcare bill. Finally, I want to really focus in on what we call the age tax. Well, before I was a senior citizen myself, I have worked with older Americans in the State of Illinois, where I am from, and here in Congress as well. So what is this age tax? This bill says that people who are between the age of 50—not very old—and 64, in other words, preMedicare, will be allowed to be charged five times more than young people for their health care. Actually, it allows the States even to go more than five times more for their health care. It will lower the subsidies. As has been said many times, here is just an example. If you are 64 years old with an income of around $26,500— which, by the way, is the median income for people that age, certainly not a wealthy person—you would pay, under this bill, the Republican bill, $14,600 for premiums—think of that—as compared to $1,700 today, an increase of $12,900. So it is not surprising that the Congressional Budget Office predicts that many of those people will simply have to give up their health care. The reason they want to charge them more is to entice younger people, who will then pay lower premiums, to actually get on the program. We are all for that. We want to make sure that young people get on. But people who are 50 to 64 are very likely, or more likely than young people, to have healthcare issues. It is absolutely no wonder that so many organizations and forces are lining up in the United States to oppose this bill: The American Medical Association, the doctors, and all the different subgroups of doctors, have written letters saying no to this repealandreplace. The American Hospital Association, not only urban hospitals and hospitals in medically underserved areas, rural hospitals could go under. The AARP, 35 million members strong, is absolutely dead set—they are running ads; some people may have seen them on television—against this legislation. The American Nurses Association, conservative think tanks are against it, and many Members of Congress are against it—and for good reason. One of our Republican Senators said to House Republicans: Don’t walk the plank. I would suggest they take that advice and vote ‘‘no.’’ 
KEEPING PROMISES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is about keeping promises and being worthy of the American people’s trust. We, for the third time in American history, have unified Republican control of the government: a Republican in the White House and Republican control of the House of Representatives and of the Senate. In the last five campaigns, one out of every four ads was about health care, so it is our turn to lead. Here is what we know: ObamaCare today is failing. It is failing to meet the promises that were made that people could keep their doctor or keep their plan. It is failing to be affordable for those who see rising premiums, rising deductibles, no choices, no health care at all, and limited access. As Republicans leading in this Chamber, we are on a rescue mission to save the American people from this disaster and to replace this law with something that works and gets us away from governmentcentered health care and moves us to patientcentered health care, doctorcentered health care. You know, we believe in ownership societies where you ought to be able to own your own healthcare plan, own your own decisions about education and how you choose to prosper. Today, the Rules Committee is contemplating amendments that should excite conservatives with generational changes that will unlock the potential of this great country. State flexibility, for the first time, we really see the option for States like mine in Florida to step up and say we don’t want the Federal Government involved in health care anymore. We want to take control over those who are vulnerable in our communities, and we want to innovate and come up with solutions that meet those challenges. Work requirements, hardworking people in my district don’t understand why they go to work every day but too often they are paying for entitlements for people who are ablebodied, childless, can work, and choose not to. That is wrong. We are going to take up, on this floor, legislation that I suspect will have a work requirement for ablebodied, childless adults for those States who choose to implement this bold conservative reform. We also expect that there will be an end to the disaster of Medicaid expansion. Today in America, one out of every four people is on Medicaid. That is absolutely unsustainable. It means three of us have got to pay for the cost of our own health care and then a substantial portion of the cost of someone else’s. By ending Medicaid expansion for nonexpansion States, we put the country back on a path to prosperity—not governmentcentered health care, individual patientcentered health care where people can choose the plans that best meet their needs. If we do this, if we meet this challenge with our historic opportunity to lead, then the American people will know that we are worthy of their trust. We are keeping our word, and we will repeal and replace health care. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Dr. Tom Smiley, Lakewood Baptist Church, Gainesville, Georgia, offered the following prayer: In the name that is above every name, in the name of the One by whom all things were created and by whom all things created are sustained, in the name of the One who was crucified for the sins of all people, raised on the third day, and who, upon His return, every knee will bow and every tongue confess is Lord, in the name of Jesus, my Savior and my Lord, today, I ask: Draw near unto thyself the heart of any in this body who still remain far from You. Give confidence and courage to all who govern from this House, to be unashamed of the JudeoChristian ethic, which has led this Nation to prominence and prosperity above all other nations. And Father, remind all, who by faith trust You that Your love wants what is best for us, Your wisdom knows what is best for us, and Your power will accomplish what is best for us. In Jesus’ name and God’s people. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. JEFFRIES led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. WELCOMING DR. TOM SMILEY The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Tom Smiley, whose compassion and character have made him a true leader in Gainesville and northeast Georgia. Dr. Smiley grew up in Gumbranch, Georgia, where he received his call to preach. After graduating from Blue Mountain College in Mississippi, Pastor Tom attended Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary and Columbia Theological Seminary, where he obtained his doctorate in ministry, with an emphasis on marriage and family ministry. As senior pastor of Lakewood Baptist Church, Dr. Smiley has led the congregation—including my own family— for over 25 years. The vision for Lakewood is to be a regional church that raises up fully devoted followers of Christ who are trained and equipped to love and reach lost people, locally and globally. In addition to his work at church, Pastor Tom has established himself as a successful writer, authoring three books: ‘‘Runaway Lives,’’ ‘‘Angels All Around,’’ and ‘‘Uncommon Common Sense.’’ Dr. Smiley is engaged with the Gainesville community at every level, and our neighbors have enjoyed his contributions as a Little League baseball and basketball coach, as well as the work that he does at the community YMCA branch. Dr. Smiley is my pastor and friend, and in every aspect of his life, he leads with grace and devotion. I am proud to welcome him here to our Nation’s Capitol in Washington, D.C. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, Republicans are planning to vote tomorrow to pass TrumpCare. This bill is a great deal for the superrich, it is a great deal for insurance companies, and it is a great deal for drug companies. But it is a bad deal for working men and women across our country. TrumpCare will raise premiums, increase deductibles and outofpocket expenses. TrumpCare ends coverage for 24 million people. TrumpCare destroys 2 million jobs. TrumpCare imposes an age tax on older Americans. And TrumpCare cuts Medicaid by $880 billion to give corporations and the wealthiest Americans a $600 billion tax cut—the single largest transfer of wealth from working people to the rich in history. This is wrong. The American people do not want this bill. They don’t want to pay more for less. Donald Trump promised that he would be a great champion for the middle class. It only took him 2 months in office to break that promise and sell out to the wealthy and the special interests. Shame on him and shame on anyone who votes to take away health coverage from working men and women to fund a big tax cut for folks who don’t need it. The working people of this country deserve better. 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT BRINGS MEDICAID ACCOUNTABILITY (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the American Health Care Act and, specifically, the critically important reforms to Medicaid, in addition to the other great reforms that will bring costeffective health care to this country. For 50 years, Medicaid has been a blank check to the States with little accountability and rampant fraud. During my time in the North Carolina Senate, we found as much as 20 percent waste, fraud, and abuse in Medicaid. In response, I have worked with SAS, a major technology firm, to develop accountability and oversight. North Carolina is now a leader in Medicaid fraud recovery. Under the American Health Care Act, Medicaid replaces an open blank check with commonsense per capita or block grant allotments for each State. This incentivizes States to follow North Carolina’s lead and clean out the bad actors exploiting eligibility and the providers taking advantage of Medicaid at the expense of America’s most vulnerable. Conservatives have championed these reforms for decades. Now is our opportunity to bring accountability to Medicaid. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this great reform. f 
UNAMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT TAKES US BACKWARD (Mr. HECK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, let’s make this clear. The UnAmerican Health Care Act doesn’t just repeal advances with ObamaCare, it takes us backward to a point worse off than we were before the Affordable Care Act. It guts Medicaid, and will fail to meet existing needs, hurting vulnerable children, pregnant women, people with disabilities, and seniors needing longterm care, hurting them all. It abandons Planned Parenthood services. Women with nowhere else to turn will lose access to critical services like pelvic exams and pap tests. I am here today speaking on behalf of single mom Sherry, cancer survivor Marty, star student Kelty, and little Gracie and her devoted grandmother Donna. We are all one voice saying we cannot afford to make the American healthcare system even worse than it was before ObamaCare. That is the path the unAmerican Health Care Act will carve. My friends, let’s not go down that path. Vote ‘‘no.’’ 
REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE BILL (Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, Republicans rushed their pay more for less healthcare bill through committees before CBO even had a chance to score it. And then, once they realized that 24 million people would lose coverage, they made late night additions just 2 days before the House is scheduled to vote. Americans’ health care is too important to be done on an artificial deadline. It is too important for people in my district like Rachel. Rachel is a hairdresser in her midthirties, who was finally able to get health coverage for her husband and three children, thanks to the ACA. But under the Republican plan, their coverage will be replaced by tax credits that don’t even come close to meeting the healthcare costs for a family of five. And there are millions just like her struggling to make ends meet. Instead of abandoning people like Rachel to give tax breaks to the wealthiest few, I urge Republicans to do what even Trump promised—provide health insurance for everybody. That starts with rejecting this bill. f 
PAY MORE AND GET LESS WITH TRUMPCARE (Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, under the Republican healthcare plan, TrumpCare, hardworking Americans will pay more and get less. Your premiums will increase. Your copays will increase. Your deductibles will increase. Your outofpocket costs will increase. But the quality of your health care will go down. Tens of millions of Americans under TrumpCare will also lose their entire health coverage. And under the Republican healthcare plan, it will impose a draconian age tax on people between 50 and 64, some of whom will be forced to pay approximately $14,000 per year. Trump has said he is going to do health care in three phases. I have finally figured it out. Phase one, disease. Phase two, disaster. Phase three, destruction. Vote ‘‘no’’ against this reckless plan. 
HARDWORKING AMERICA NEEDS A TAX BREAK (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow House Republicans will perpetrate a careless financial assault on good, hardworking America in exchange for a massive payoff to greedy insurance executives and their cronies. Yes, this vote is rigged against the good. If you are 50 to 64 years old, you and your family get clobbered. More doughnut holes, more premiums, and less health care. UnitedHealthcare, one of America’s largest private insurers, is today under investigation for defrauding the Medicare program of billions of dollars. Your bill, in 17 words on page 67, rewards UnitedHealthcare, their executives and cronies, with a massive tax cut. UnitedHealthcare made $83 billion last year, and their CEO was compensated with $66 million. They don’t need a break. Hardworking America does. 
Your bill also allows UnitedHealthcare to charge five times more for older Americans, and imposes a 30 percent unemployment tax on the unemployed, all going to more profits for them and less health care for America. 
STANDING AGAINST TRUMPCARE (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, during the last few weeks, my office has heard from literally hundreds of concerned Illinoisans about TrumpCare. I have heard from a heart attack survivor, whose prescription medication would go from affordable to $1,000 a day under this plan. I have heard from Americans ages 50 to 64—I happen to be in that group— who are worried about paying an age tax of five times more than others. Just in the last 24 hours, I have heard from two more groups that are standing against TrumpCare. And, no, they are not partisan political groups. The first is the Illinois Health and Hospital Association, which represents more than 200 hospitals in the State of Illinois. They oppose TrumpCare because it means taking health coverage away from hundreds of thousands of Illinoisans, while killing the jobs of another 60,000 hardworking people in my State. The second group is the National Farmers Union. They understand that TrumpCare’s drastic cuts could force hundreds of rural hospitals to close their doors. So I am left wondering, who exactly supports TrumpCare? Instead of throwing 24 million Americans off their coverage, let’s work across the aisle to improve health care for all, not just the richest among us. 
b1215 AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT IS BAD FOR NEW YORK HOSPITALS (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, the GOP’s awful, irresponsible healthcare bill will impose an age tax on older Americans, it will raise your premiums, and it will be absolutely disastrous to our Nation’s hospitals. In my district in New York, our hospitals serve millions of people every day, and their budgets are already stretched. The GOP healthcare bill will rip away health insurance for over 24 million Americans, forcing more people to get care in highcost emergency rooms while, at the same time, cutting billions in Federal funding hospitals need to survive. New York’s hospitals will lose over $1 billion in 2018 alone. With uncompensated care already skyrocketing, the 27 New York hospitals that are already on a financial distress watch list tell me they may not even be able to survive. That is why the Greater New York Hospital Association, the Healthcare Association of New York State, and other New York health groups are urging all of us to vote ‘‘no’’ on this terrible GOP bill. f 
OPPOSING THE GOP AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT REPEAL BILL (Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I know that I am new to the House, but I was elected by my constituents to reach across the aisle and get things done. Sadly, instead of reaching across the aisle to work on commonsense fixes to the Affordable Care Act, some of my Republican colleagues have decided to push through a healthcare bill that, instead of increasing health coverage, actually takes it away from more than 24 million people and imposes an age tax. In my State alone, this bill will cut Medicaid coverage for 60,000 individuals and result in a $170 million loss of Federal funds at a time when my State is facing a major budget shortfall. Additionally, almost 22,000 individuals in my State will lose access to employer sponsored insurance, and more than 6,000 individuals who are currently receiving coverage through our healthcare exchange will lose coverage as a result of this bill. Mr. Speaker, given its impact on our Nation’s working families and our most vulnerable citizens, I believe passage of this bill would be an act of medical malpractice—pun intended. So I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 1628. 
WILL THOSE CHAMPIONING TRUMPCARE TRADE PLACES WITH THOSE WHOM IT HARMS (Ms. PINGREE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, since the Republicans in Washington have not held a single public hearing on TrumpCare, I asked my constituents directly for feedback at a Maine healthcare townhall. Not one of the hundreds of constituents spoke in support of the legislation. Instead, many said they will be among the millions of Americans who will lose their coverage under this bill. One of those voices was Ed Saxby of Cape Elizabeth, pictured on the board next to me. Ed stood beside his wife and granddaughter as he bravely spoke about his own battle with cancer. He said that the odds of survival are against him because TrumpCare will take away the tax credits he needs to afford healthcare coverage as a retiree living on a fixed income. Ed’s wife, Jill, asked me if those who are championing TrumpCare would be willing to trade places with those whom it will harm. I pose that question today to my Republican colleagues. If you can’t answer in the affirmative, you should not be voting for this terrible bill. f 
TRUMPCARE BENEFITS THE SUPERRICH (Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, the GOP’s disastrous healthcare proposal is really just the largest transfer of wealth to the superrich in this Nation’s entire history. In fact, it gives the top 1 percent of earners a windfall of tax breaks and subsidies. The superrich are going to be able to buy a lot of things with this new money. It has been estimated they could buy: one Lamborghini, 26 Rolex watches, or 44 sets of Super Bowl tickets. Thanks to this tax cut, in effect, you are shifting wealth from Main Street to MaraLago, from middle America to MaraLago, from my district to Mara Lago. Fortyfour thousand people in my district in southern Nevada will lose their health insurance according to the Center for American Progress. Our President said, well, he didn’t know—not our President. He is not my President. Anyway, he said he didn’t know health care could be so complicated. Well, if you look at this bill, it is really not very complicated. It is quite simple: Premiums go up, benefits go down; deductibles go up, coverage goes down; prices go up, healthcare for women goes down. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. 
RECOGNIZING FIREFIGHTERS AND FIRST RESPONDERS IN OVERLAND PARK, KANSAS (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to shed light on a recent eight alarm fire in my district and to thank the firefighters and other first responders for making sure that no one was seriously hurt. The fire on Monday destroyed an apartment complex and 22 neighboring homes. Amazingly though, no one was killed or seriously injured. Three firefighters were treated for their injuries while fighting the fire, and we wish them a speedy recovery. It is a reminder of the risks that our first responders take every day, not knowing when they will have to answer the call, placing their lives on the line to protect us and our community. We pray for the families who are displaced right now, who came home from work on Monday to find their homes 
gone. We also thank the Christ Lutheran Church and many other community organizations and partners that have come together to assist these families who have lost so much so unexpectedly. Finally, Mr. Speaker, thank you to Overland Park Fire Department Chief Bryan Dehner and all of the firefighters in Kansas who came together to contain the largest fire in Overland Park history. 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT MAKES US INSECURE (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the American Health Care Act and the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act 7 years ago, in my district, the uninsured rate has dropped from 19 percent to 9 percent. In my district, there has been the creation and the funding of 6,500 jobs in local hospitals and rural healthcare clinics. Yet, despite this progress in my community and across our country, the majority wants to replace the ACA with a quickly and carelessly crafted AHCA. If the AHCA becomes law, in my district, 56,000 people will lose their healthcare coverage. In Salinas, hardworking families will pay more than $3,000 for healthcare coverage; and in Santa Cruz, lowincome senior citizens will be stripped of $10,000 worth of subsidies. Yes, the ACA does have its faults, but we should come together to thoughtfully fix it. But it is not just about money; it is about people. And it is not just about people; it is about the security that the ACA provides people to live their daily lives. Mr. Speaker, the AHCA makes us insecure, and that is why I am voting against it. 
ACA AND THE STRONGER GENERATION (Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, the President and I do agree on one thing: designing a healthcare system is complicated. But the effects of TrumpCare are as simple as they are devastating: 24 million hardworking Americans will lose their coverage; your healthcare costs and premiums will go up, and your coverage will go down; and for those of us between the ages of 50 and 64, we are about to be hit with an age tax just when we need coverage the most, just when we are trying to help with college tuition and save for our retirement. As we face an opiate crisis in this country that takes 120 American lives a day, TrumpCare will close the door on treatment for over 1 million Americans. Our President tells us that he is a dealmaker. This is the ultimate bad deal for the American people, and we should reject this bill. f 
STAND AS PATRIOTS AGAINST TRUMPCARE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this morning I came in contact with two mothers of two young boys who are homebound with catastrophic illnesses. My heart broke as I listened to them say: The only way that I survive to see their happy face and I can work is because they have insurance through extensive Medicaid. And so I come today to ask my friends on the other side of the aisle not to worry about threats about losing your office or your job. This is about patriotism and being an American. Vote against this horrible TrumpCare debacle that will create higher cost, less coverage, and an age tax that will hurt the old and devastate the young. This is a time for the flag to be waved and for patriots to stand and to be heard across America. Vote down TrumpCare not for self and selfishness, but really to be able to stand with those who cannot help themselves. I wanted to embrace those mothers as a mother, as a grandmother, because we are giving life to those beautiful children, now 9 and 10, living because they got health care under the Affordable Care Act. Stand as a patriot against TrumpCare. 
WINNERS IN TRUMPCARE BILL (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I understand that major laws often have winners and losers. Unfortunately, I am struggling to figure out who wins under this healthcare plan. We have seen who stands to lose: 24 million fewer people will have insurance; States will lose billions, forcing painful cuts to education and other services; California, alone, will lose $6 billion in 2020 and much more in the years that follow; hospitals and clinics will have to cut back on services and investments. So, who are the winners? It is hard to find any, except, of course, for insurance companies and millionaires who will get almost all of the tax relief included in this package. Do Americans really think that we should pass a bill that cuts coverage in order to give millionaires an average tax cut of $49,000? We can do better. I hope we will. BEWARE OF TRUMPCARE (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I stand here with this simple explanation about what TrumpCare really means for Americans: You pay more for less care. Twentyfour million Americans will lose the access to health care by losing their insurance. It is an age tax on older Americans; and it guts Medicaid that not only goes to seniors now, it goes to young people as well, young families. But it is also a huge tax cut for millionaires. If you look at TrumpCare, you realize the great supposed negotiator actually has a great reputation of being the great bankrupter. What this TrumpCare will do: It will affect tens of millions of Americans, and it will put them into misery, take away the dignity of health care and put them in a place that no one should ever have to be: lacking the dignity of being able to see a doctor. This is going to send us back to the Dark Ages. You probably think I am exaggerating, but when you look at these facts, you realize that is just the truth. These are the facts. Beware of what you are being sold. This is not going to help America. f 
b1230 COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on March 22, 2017, at 11:22 a.m.: That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 1228. That the Senate passed with amendment H.R. 244. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 1302, the Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2017. Every day, communities across this country are confronted by evolving threats. Since the beginning of the year, we have seen a number of bomb threats against Jewish Community Centers. A year and a half ago, a 21 yearold White gunman hoping to start a race war opened fire at the Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, South Carolina, killing nine of its parishioners. The year 2015 went on record as the year with most threats, reports of harassments, and vandalism against mosques in the United States. In light of the emboldened White nationalist, antiSemitic, and antigovernment movements, as well as ongoing threats from abroad, we must ensure that our first responders are prepared to respond to the evolving threats to our great country. This bill will direct FEMA’s national exercise program to design scenarios that include emerging terrorist threats. To be clear, the legislation does not require FEMA’s national exercise program to focus exclusively on terrorist threats, but, rather, seeks to ensure that FEMA continues to develop exercises that are responsive to threats as they may emerge. The bill also requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to carry out exercises related to terrorist threats domestically and abroad. H.R. 1302 was passed unanimously and approved by the Committee on Homeland Security earlier this month and the full House in the last Congress, in July 2016. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1302 is commonsense legislation that will prepare first responders, as well as State and local government partners, for the challenges that lie ahead. At this time, when first responder programs are slated for the chopping block under the administration’s budget blueprint, it is more important than ever that Congress stand together to support them. Exercises like the ones authorized under this legislation contribute to our preparedness. As such, I urge Members to support this bill once again. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ) on the Committee on Homeland Security for supporting this bill, and I urge the rest of my colleagues to support H.R. 1302. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security I rise in support of H.R. 1302, Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2017 to require an exercise to terrorist and foreign fighter travel. This bipartisan bill would expand the scope of the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Exercise Program by requiring additional scenarios to address emerging terrorist threats. Among the scenarios to be included are those involving U.S. citizens enlisting with or providing support to terrorists organizations abroad, as well as terrorist infiltration in the United States. A nationwide exercise would be held within a year of enactment to evaluate the threat of individuals traveling from the United States to join a terrorist organization. The exercise would also test scenarios involving terrorist infiltration into the U.S. by United States citizens and foreign nationals. DHS would coordinate with other federal departments, foreign governments, state and local governments, and the private sector to conduct the exercise. The growing complexity of the threat may be creating unseen gaps in our defenses, yet it has been years since any largescale ‘‘stress test’’ has been conducted against terrorist travel. Federal officials suspect that Todd Wolfe, an American citizen from Texas, planned to fly his family to Europe where he would meet up with an ISIS handler and take them all to Syria. In March of 2014, Hanad Abdullahi Mohallim, an American from Minnesota, entered Syria at Tel Abyad and recruited other fellow SomaliAmericans in Minnesota to leave the United States and join ISIS. Also in 2014, Abdi Nur left the U.S. for Syria to join ISIS. He was later reported to have attempted to recruit other men here in the U.S. to join the terrorist organization. We need to be gravely concerned about Americans leaving the country to train overseas with terrorist organizations who then return to the United States as foreign fighters. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1302. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1302. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
SECURING OUR AGRICULTURE AND FOOD ACT Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1238) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security related to food, agriculture, and veterinary defense against terrorism, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1238 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing our Agriculture and Food Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 1238, the Securing our Agriculture and Food Act, introduced by Congressman DAVID YOUNG of Iowa. This bill seeks to authorize the Department of Homeland Security’s food, agriculture, and veterinary defense program within the Office of Health Affairs. Last year, the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications held a hearing to examine the potential devastating impacts of an intentional attack on, or a natural disruption of, U.S. agricultural or food production systems. The food and agriculture sector is critically important to our Nation’s economy. U.S. food and agriculture accounts for roughly onefifth of the Nation’s economic activity, and contributed $835 billion to the U.S. gross domestic product in 2014, and is responsible for 1 out of every 12 U.S. jobs. Coming from Iowa and as a member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, Congressman YOUNG of Iowa knows all too well the importance of protecting this sector, which is vital to the economy and our way of life. I appreciate him introducing this bill of which I am pleased to be an original cosponsor. I thank Chairman WALDEN of the Energy and Commerce Committee and Chairman CONAWAY of the Agriculture Committee for working with us to advance this bill. Mr. Speaker, we also look forward to working with our Senate colleagues, who recently approved companion legislation without amendment in the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. This bipartisan legislation passed the House last September by voice vote, and I urge all Members to join me once again in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, March 16, 2017. Hon. MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write in regard to H.R. 1238, Securing our Agriculture and Food Act, which was referred in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I wanted to notify you that the Committee will forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Committee on Energy and Commerce takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1238, the Committee does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward to address any remaining issues within the Committee’s jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate your response confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1238 and ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in your committee’s report on the legislation or the Congressional Record during its consideration on the House floor. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, March 16, 2017. Hon. GREGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 1238, the ‘‘Securing our Agriculture and Food Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Energy and Commerce will forego consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Energy and Commerce does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Energy and Commerce for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the report or in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, March 10, 2017. Hon. MICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for the opportunity to review H.R. 1238, ‘‘Securing our Agriculture and Food Act.’’ As you are aware, the bill was primarily referred to the Committee on Homeland Security, while the Agriculture Committee received an additional referral. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House in an expeditious manner and, accordingly, I agree to discharge H.R. 1238 from further consideration by the Committee on Agriculture. I do so with the understanding that by discharging the bill, the Committee on Agriculture does not waive any future jurisdictional claim on this or similar matters. Further, the Committee on Agriculture reserves the right to seek the appointment of conferees, if it should become necessary. I ask that you insert a copy of our exchange of letters into the Congressional Record during consideration of this measure on the House floor. Thank you for your courtesy in this matter and I look forward to continued cooperation between our respective committees. Sincerely, K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, March 10, 2017. Hon. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 1238, the ‘‘Securing our Agriculture and Food Act.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Agriculture will forego consideration of the bill. The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Agriculture does not 
waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Agriculture for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL. 
Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 1238, the Securing our Agriculture and Food Act. Mr. Speaker, U.S. agriculture and agriculturerelated business represents about 6 percent of our gross domestic product as of 2014. Protecting this industry, which contributes $985 billion to our economy, from international and naturally occurring biological events is critical not only to the stability of our national economy, but also to the security of our national food supply and our human health. This bill would clarify the responsibilities of the Department of Homeland Security’s Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs as they relate to the DHS’ responsibilities under the Homeland Security Presidential Directive 9, entitled: ‘‘The Defense of U.S. Agriculture and Food.’’ The bill includes language offered by Representative DONALD PAYNE , Jr., my colleague on the committee, directing the Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs to coordinate with all departmental components with responsibilities related to food and agriculture security and screening procedures. Such coordination will include Customs and Border Protection, which has historically struggled to maintain agriculture inspection staffing levels at ports of entry. Mr. Speaker, agriculture and agriculturerelated businesses constitute a major portion of California’s economy. Agriculture plays an integral role in industries ranging from transportation and warehousing to finance and insurance, to accommodation and food services. b1245 The cascading effects of national and international outbreaks compromise agriculture, food, and could have devastating effects on the State’s economy. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill to ensure the integrity of our agriculture industry and food supply. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman of the subcommittee for shepherding this through the committee as well as being a cosponsor. I appreciate that. Mr. Speaker, in 2015, our Nation experienced the worst animal disease outbreak in our history, as highly pathogenic avian influenza wreaked havoc on turkey farmers and egg producers in the Midwest. This naturally occurring outbreak revealed significant vulnerabilities and coordination challenges between Federal, State, and local stakeholders in responding quickly to prevent the spread of avian influenza. It also demonstrated the importance of having mitigation and response strategies and processes in place to ensure any naturally occurring outbreak or coordinated attack against our Nation’s agricultural sector can be prevented quickly and be contained. Maintaining the integrity of our agricultural and food supply system is imperative. The folks I talked to have great concerns about the safety and security of our homeland and our people, and their concerns are warranted. The reality of living in this day and age is that it is just not the big cities that have to be prepared for a terror attack. All counterterrorism measures must reflect a universal understanding of potential vulnerabilities, which includes our agriculture and rural communities. Farming and agriculture are not only the backbone of the Iowa economy, but of the entire Nation. Any attack on our food supply could have devastating consequences on our economy and our communities. It is essential that we take the proper steps against potential threats. Now, the reality is agroterrorism and other highrisk events pose serious threats to our food, agriculture, and livestock industries across the United States. For that reason, I introduced, in a bipartisan fashion, the Securing Our Agriculture and Food Act together with Congressman DANDONOVAN and Congressman DONALD PAYNE , Jr., the chairman and ranking member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, to ensure our Nation has a plan and strategy to prepare for and respond to any highrisk event threatening our agricultural sector, our food supply, and, ultimately, our people. The Securing Our Agriculture and Food Act requires the Secretary of Homeland Security, through the Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs, to lead the government’s efforts to secure our Nation’s food, agriculture, and our veterinary systems against terrorism and highrisk events. This bipartisan bill also authorizes the Secretary to collaborate with other agencies to ensure food, agriculture, and animal and human health sectors receive the attention and are integrated into the DHS’ domestic preparedness policy initiatives. I appreciate the support of Subcommittee Chairman Donovan—thank you—and Ranking Member PAYNE as we work to better secure our agriculture and food sectors. I thank you both for elevating the importance of this issue. I also want to thank the chairman and ranking members of the full committee and all their staff for their assistance in bringing this bill to the floor today in the House. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Securing Our Agriculture and Food Act passed the House in September of 2016, and the Senate companion bill was reported out of committee last week. Passage of this measure will send a strong message about our commitment to protecting our Nation’s food and agricultural sectors. As such, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1238. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume, and I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1238. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1238, ‘‘Securing Our Agriculture and Food Act.’’ This bipartisan bill amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the efforts for the DHS related to food, agriculture, and veterinary defense against terrorism. The coordination program under the measure would include: 1. Overseeing and managing DHS’s responsibilities under the presidential directive; 2. Integrating activities related to veterinary public health, food and agriculture security; 3. Leading the department’s policy initiatives relating to food, animal, and agriculture incidents, as well as domestic preparedness for and collective response to agricultural terrorism; and 4. Coordinating with other parts of the federal government. Agroterrorism is defined as the deliberate introduction of an animal or plant disease for the purpose of generating fear, causing economic losses, or undermining social stability. Killing livestock and plants or contaminating food can help terrorists cause economic crises in the agriculture and food industries. Agriculture comprises the largest single sector in U.S. economy, making agroterrorism an attractive opportunity for many terrorist organizations. Attacks directed against the cattle, pork, or poultry industries or via the food chain pose the most serious danger for latent, ongoing effects and general socioeconomic and political disruption. Food availability becomes a matter of immediate life and death in such circumstances, and significant national and global resources need to be dedicated to emergency relief efforts. Any attacks of agroterrorism would be particularly devastating for the citizens of Texas. In Texas, the largest source of agricultural revenue comes from the sale of beef cattle. Texas produces roughly 20 percent of the nation’s cattle and ranks first in the country in the value of cattle raised. It is crucial that we have preparedness policies in place to quickly respond to events 
threatening U.S. agriculture or food production systems. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1238. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support to H.R. 1238, the Securing Our Agriculture and Food Act of 2017. Our nation’s agricultural sector comprises a substantial portion of our economy. In my home state of Georgia, eggs, beef, poultry, peanuts, onions, and many other agricultural commodities allow for agriculture to be an almost $14 billion industry. Furthermore, the food and fiber industry directly and indirectly results in a total economic impact of tens of billions of dollars annually and the creation of hundreds of thousands of jobs in Georgia. Moreover, agricultural industries serve as a vital backbone to the nutrition and nourishment of both America’s citizens and consumers abroad. Naturally, an industry as critical to the United States’ stability as the country’s food production must not be compromised by threats of sabotage or acts of terrorism. Passing this bill will amend portions of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (HSA) to allow the Department of Homeland Security to better protect America’s agricultural sector. The reorganization of DHS resources outlined in this bill ensure that proper oversight and management of our nation’s agriculture necessary to prevent a devastating attack on our agricultural sector. The level of bipartisan cooperation and support for the Securing our Agricultural and Food Act reflects the importance of this bill to security and economic interests of American’s citizens. The security of our nation’s food supplies is not an issue defined by political party, nor is the concern only relevant to rural populations. All American’s will suffer if we are unable to ensure the safety of the country’s agricultural sector. This bill provides security to a fundamental and often. overlooked area of our economy and existence. We as lawmakers must ensure the preparedness of our Federal government to react to events of ecological sabotage and terrorism. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote YES on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1238. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY ACQUISITION INNOVATION ACT Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1365) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require certain acquisition innovation, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1365 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Acquisition Innovation Act’’. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1365, the Department of Homeland Security Acquisition Innovation Act. The bill allows DHS to designate a senior official to manage acquisition innovation efforts; test, develop, and distribute acquisition best practices throughout the Department; and establish performance metrics to evaluate the effectiveness of these efforts. Republican amendments at the committee markup strengthened the underlying bill by encouraging DHS to obtain feedback from the private sector and incorporate this feedback into future efforts. As we have seen from numerous watchdog reports, the Federal Government’s acquisition and contracting process is broken, cumbersome, and bureaucratic. DHS must continue to innovate to ensure the private sector can best support our critical homeland security needs. The Department has recently taken positive steps in using new contracting tools and collaborating with industry. This legislation supports those efforts and encourages their continued use. I commend Oversight and Management Efficiency Subcommittee Ranking Member CORREA for all of his hard work on this legislation. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 1365, the Department of Homeland Security Acquisition Innovation Act. When the Department of Homeland Security was established in 2002, it was understood that the mission of safeguarding the American people would be 
a complex one. Today, 15 years later, the everchanging nature of the terrorist threat and its landscape has demanded that DHS be more innovative. In the past 3 years, the Department has actively worked to carry out its procurement process in new and innovative ways. The Acquisition Innovations in Motion program, launched in 2015, is a framework for coordinated industry engagement in which opportunities, challenges, and strategies are discussed to identify acquisition solutions and foster greater efficiency and effectiveness. A key component of this program is a Procurement Innovation Lab called PIL. PIL is a virtual testing environment that experiments with innovative techniques to assess whether they can be effectively integrated into DHS’ procurement process. To date, PIL is credited with reducing award times, the integration of existing flexibilities that are in use in other portions of the Federal Government, and improved acquisition training. Results, case studies, and lessons learned from the PIL process are regularly shared throughout DHS through webinars and the internal web portal. These activities facilitate a continuous learning culture that enhances the DHS mission of support. I introduced this bill, H.R. 1365, to institutionalize DHS’ acquisition innovation efforts by authorizing such activity by the Under Secretary of Management. Specifically, my legislation authorizes robust testing, development, and distribution of best practices and acquisitions throughout the Department, as well as performance metrics to measure the effectiveness of such efforts. Enactment of this bill will help ensure that this successful acquisition management technique continues. This bill was unanimously approved by the Committee on Homeland Security earlier this month. Mr. Speaker, DHS’ approach to acquisitions not only accommodates the Department’s unique mission, but it supports our responsibility to the management of taxpayer dollars. This bill codifies a pathway to developing and implementing innovative approaches that serve the Department’s acquisition challenges through collaboration and efficiency. To that end, it is vital that DHS continue to drive towards a more effective procurement process in support of its vital mission. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 1365, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1365, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the cost estimate on H.R. 1365: 
MARCH 22, 2017. Hon. MICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 1365, the Department of Homeland Security Acquisition Innovation Act. If you wish further details on this estimate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Mark Grabowicz. Sincerely, KEITH HALL. Enclosure. H.R. 1365 
ACQUISITION INNOVATION ACT  As ordered reported by the House Committee on Homeland Security on March 8, 2017 H.R. 1365 would authorize the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to promote the use of innovation in its acquisition programs. The legislation would direct DHS to provide information annually to the Congress on activities related to innovative acquisition practices. Based on information from DHS, CBO estimates that implementing H.R. 1365 would cost less than $500,000 annually; such spending would be subject to the availability of appropriated funds. Enacting the legislation would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay asyougo procedures do not apply. CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 1365 would not increase net direct spending or onbudget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10year periods beginning in 2028. H.R. 1365 contains no intergovernmental or privatesector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act and would not affect the budgets of state, local, or tribal governments. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Mark Grabowicz. The estimate was approved by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee, I rise in support of H.R. 1365, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Acquisition Innovation Act’’ which authorizes the DHS to expand the use of acquisition innovation. This bipartisan bill will guarantee new acquisition methods and practices are considered to ensure taxpayers get the most for their money. This bill would permit DHS’s undersecretary for management to: 1. Designate an official to manage acquisition innovation; 2. Test and develop best practices that are consistent with acquisition rules and directives; 3. Measure how innovation in acquisition processes have affected cost, operational efficiency, the timeframe for executing contracts, and collaboration with small businesses and other privatesector companies; and 4. Obtain and incorporate feedback from the private sector. From fiscal 2018 through 2022, DHS would provide Congress with information on acquisition innovation activities during the previous fiscal year, including: 1. Best practices that were tested, used and distributed, including through webbased seminars, trainings and forums; 2. Effects on the private sector, including small businesses; 3. Criteria to indemnify acquisition programs that would be appropriate for innovation; and 4. Recommendations for enhancing innovation at DHS. Innovation is the American way and this bill makes sure the Department of Homeland Security finds new ways to do its job effectively and efficiently. At the Tenth Annual Border Security Expo in Texas, officials from the Department of Homeland Security observed some of the latest innovations that can help to protect our border. This included 3D holographic images, portable biometric testing kits, and underground seismic signal detectors. In Texas, U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents deter, detect, and interdict smuggling along the Texas/Mexico border through the deployment of an integrated network of detection and communication technologies. In 2016, the Texas of Department of Public Safety provided direct assistance to U.S. Customs and Border Protection in the arrest of over 37,000 criminals deemed a high threat risk. Frontline personnel securing our borders, protecting our airports, and defending our shores must have the tools to successfully accomplish their mission. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1365. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1365, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
b1300 RAISING A QUESTION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I have a privileged resolution at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the resolution. The Clerk read as follows: Whereas, in the United States’ system of checks and balances, Congress has a responsibility to hold the executive branch of government to the highest standard of transparency to ensure the public interest is placed first; Whereas, according to the Tax History Project, every President since Gerald Ford has disclosed their tax return information to the public; Whereas, tax returns provide an important baseline disclosure because they contain highly instructive information including whether the candidate can be influenced by foreign entities and reveal any conflicts of interest; Whereas, Article I, section 9 of the Constitution states that no person holding any office of profit or trust under them, shall, without the consent of Congress, accept any present, emolument, Office or Title, of any kind whatever from any King, Prince, or foreign State; 
Whereas, disclosure of the President’s tax returns is important towards investigating Russian influence in the 2016 election, understanding the President’s financial ties to the Russian Federation and Russian citizens, including debts owed and whether he shares any partnership interests, equity interests, joint ventures, or licensing agreements with Russia or Russian nationals, formally or informally associated with Vladmir Putin; Whereas, The New York Times has reported that President Trump’s close senior advisers, including Carter Page, Paul Manafort, Roger Stone, and General Michael Flynn, have been under investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for their ties to the Russian Federation; Whereas, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told Interfax, a Russian media outlet, on November 10, 2016, that ‘‘there were contacts’’ with Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign, and it has been reported that members of President Trump’s inner circle were in contact with senior Russian officials throughout the 2016 campaign; Whereas, General Michael Flynn, former national security adviser of President Trump, received almost $68,000 in fees and expenses from Russian entities in 2015, including by an entity recognized by U.S. intelligence agencies as an arm of the Russian Government; Whereas, FBI Director Comey stated in the Select Intelligence Committee hearing on the Russian interference with the November 2016 election that ‘‘there is no information to support those tweets,’’ relating to President Trump’s allegations that President Obama illegally wiretapped the Trump campaign; Whereas, distracting investigators with deadend leads and outrageous statements is a common tactic from those with a guilty conscience or in a deliberate effort to throw off investigators; Whereas, according to his 2016 candidate filing with the Federal Election Commission, the President has 564 financial positions in companies located in the United States and around the world; Whereas, according to The Washington Post, the Trump International Hotel in Washington, DC, has hired a ‘‘director of diplomatic sales’’ to generate highpriced business among foreign leaders and diplomatic delegations; Whereas, the chairman on the Ways and Means Committee, Joint Committee on Taxation, and Senate Finance Committee have the authority to request the President’s tax returns under section 6103 of the tax code; Whereas, the Ways and Means Committee used IRC 6103 authority in 2014 to make public the confidential tax information of 51 taxpayers; Whereas, the American people have the right to know whether or not their President is operating under conflicts of interest related to international affairs, tax reform, government contracts, or otherwise: Now, therefore, be it resolved that the House of Representatives shall: One, immediately request the tax return information of Donald J. Trump for tax years 2006 through 2015 for review in closed executive session by the Committee on Ways and Means, as provided under section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, and vote to report the information therein to the full House of Representatives; Two, support transparency in government and the longstanding tradition of Presidents and Presidential candidates disclosing their tax returns. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentleman from Colorado wish to present argument on the parliamentary question whether the resolution presents a question of the privileges of the House? Mr. POLIS. Yes, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Colorado is recognized. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, under rule IX, clause 1, questions of the privileges of the House and those affecting the rights of the House, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings, that is the section we are talking about here today when we are talking about privilege. Mr. Speaker, truly, there is nothing more of a threat to the very integrity of the legislative branch in the House than ignoring our duty to provide a check and balance on the executive branch. To restore the dignity of the House inherent in rule IX, clause 1, we absolutely must use our authority to request that President Trump’s tax returns are given to the American people. The American people demand to know the full scope of the President’s financial background because there are legitimate concerns which, frankly, were worsened this very week by the hearing in the Select Intelligence Committee where the FBI and NSA testified there is an ongoing investigation to determine if there was coordination between the President’s campaign and Russia. The Internal Revenue Code already has language that lays out a path for the Ways and Means Committee to obtain those tax returns and review them in a respectful manner; and, frankly, there is precedent for that provision being used. Fiftyone tax returns of Americans were requested the last time they used it. The House needs to demonstrate that our Members are listening to the valid concerns about the integrity of the Republic. The House needs to show that we care about protecting our Constitution and our system of checks and balances. When I look at the language, the privileges of the House, those affecting the rights of the House collectively, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings, I can see nothing that fits that language more than this motion before you today. Let’s shine a light on the President’s conflicts so we, as a Congress, and the American people can judge what is occurring, where the conflicts lie, whether his decisions are being made for himself or his business interests or foreign interests or for the greater good of the American people. I call upon the Speaker to rule in favor of allowing this privileged resolution to move forward and for the President to disclose his tax returns immediately. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the question of order? Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I do. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, on a question of the privileges of the House under rule IX, clause 1, questions of the privileges of the House are those affecting the rights of the House collectively, its safety, dignity, and the integrity of its proceedings. Congressional oversight is a power granted by the Constitution in public law and in House rules. Mr. Speaker, just 2 days ago, FBI Director James Comey confirmed that there was an investigation of Donald Trump’s campaign’s ties to the Russian agents. We know that, following six bankruptcies, Donald Trump had trouble getting loans and financing for his real estate businesses. We know that German Bank Deutsche stepped in when Wall Street stopped lending, giving at least $300 million in loans for those properties and, more personally, to his daughter, Ivanka, and soninlaw. We know that Deutsche Bank has been fined for criminally transferring $10 billion out of Russia. We also know that Donald Trump, Jr. said that the Trump organization saw money ‘‘pouring in from Russia’’ and that ‘‘Russians make up a pretty disproportionate crosssection of a lot of our assets.’’ We know that Donald Trump repeatedly attempted to secure trademarks in Russia—the record is the record—to develop real estate in Russia—the record is the record—and to sell products in Russia—the record is the record. We have seen how just two pages summarizing the President’s 2005 tax returns, which many laughed off, showed that he paid a low rate of 25 percent. He has proposed tax changes that would significantly lower his own personal tax bill. We need to see how the President—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will suspend. The gentleman’s remarks must be confined to the question of order. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, nothing could be more of a threat to the integrity of this House than ignoring our duty to fully examine the personal financial entanglements any President, 
and this President, may have had with Russian entities and individuals. If and when such conflicts are revealed, I do not want to say to our constituents that we had the power to review these conflicts, but, instead, we sat on our hands and did nothing. I, for one, do not want my integrity or the integrity of my colleagues in this body on both sides of the aisle to be demeaned by such a shameful failure. To restore the dignity of the House, we must use our authority to request President Trump’s tax returns to give the American people—the 75 percent who say ‘‘give it up,’’—75 percent of the American people, the transparency they deserve. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman’s remarks must be confined to the question of order. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentleman from Tennessee wish to be heard on the question of order? Mr. COHEN. Yes, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Tennessee is recognized. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, Mr. POLIS and Mr. PASCRELL have made the point, and it is the same point I want to make. There is a shadow hanging over the United States of America, over our government, and over this House; and only we can lift it. The Trump campaign said that if Hillary Clinton was the President with a Federal investigation overlooking her, which it looked like there was with Mr. Comey’s comments before the election, that it would be unheard of, unprecedented, and the Government couldn’t go on. Well, there is a Federal investigation of the present President of the United States—something that has never happened before—and that has put a dark cloud that can only be lifted by showing in the light of day what the President’s involvements were with his income taxes, whom he owes money to. And if he doesn’t owe money to people that have a conflict, that is good for the government because it relieves the President of any suspicion. Like Caesar’s wife, he should be beyond suspicion and beyond reproach, and, right now, there is a serious cloud. So I would ask the Chair to rule in favor of this motion so we can do our job to make the light shine on this government and on this House and give more respect for us. I thank the Speaker who is an honorable man and I am proud to say is my friend. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the question of order? 
Mr. POLIS. Point of parliamentary inquiry, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, how many Members must come before the Speaker establishing that this qualifies under the privileges of the House affecting the integrity of the House until the Speaker rules in our favor? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is prepared to rule. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I hope that the Chair will rule favorably on behalf of the American people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Colorado seeks to offer a resolution as a question of the privileges of the House under rule IX. As the Chair ruled on February 27, 2017; March 7, 2017; and March 15, 2017, the resolution directs the Committee on Ways and Means to meet and consider an item of business under the procedures set forth in 26 U.S.C. 6103 and, therefore, does not qualify as a question of the privileges of the House. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House? MOTION TO TABLE  
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Cheney moves that the appeal be laid on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to lay the appeal on the table. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the motion to lay the appeal on the table will be followed by 5minute votes on the motion to recommit on H.R. 372 and passage of H.R. 372, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 230, nays 189, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 9, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch 
Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bishop (UT) Blackburn King (IA) Payne Rush Shuster Sinema Slaughter Tsongas 
b1336 Mr. CRIST changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. HUNTER changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to table was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
COMPETITIVE HEALTH INSURANCE REFORM ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 372) to restore the application of the Federal antitrust laws to the business of health insurance to protect competition and consumers, offered by the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. ROSEN ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the motion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 189, nays 233, not voting 7, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—7 
King (IA) Maloney, Carolyn B. Payne Rush Sinema Slaughter Tsongas 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 416, noes 7, not voting 6, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway 
Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Fudge Gallego Hastings Heck Smith (WA) Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, during rollcall Vote number 184 on H.R. 372, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘nay’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I cast a vote in error. On the rollcall Vote No. 184, I had intended to vote in the follow manner: rollcall Vote No. 184—Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act of 2017—‘‘yes.’’ 
SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH FAIRNESS ACT OF 2017 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 210, I call up the bill (H.R. 1101) to amend title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to improve access and choice for entrepreneurs with small businesses with respect to medical care for their employees, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 210, in lieu of the amendment recommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–9 is adopted and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 1101 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SERVICES SOLELY ON BEHALF OF THE SPONSOR .— Officers or employees of a sponsor which is a service provider (other than a contract administrator) to the plan may be members of the board if they constitute not more than 25 percent of the membership of the board and they do not provide services to the plan other than on behalf of the sponsor. ‘‘(III) TREATMENT OF PROVIDERS OF MEDICAL  
‘‘811. State assessment authority. ‘‘812. Definitions and rules of construction.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and 
ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. After 1 hour of debate, it shall be in order to consider the further amendment printed in House Report 115–51, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered read and shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent. The gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1101. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, this week marks 7 years since ObamaCare was signed into law. We all remember the promises former President Obama and Washington Democrats made at the time. Families were promised that their healthcare costs would go down. They were promised more choices and more competition. Small businesses and their employees were promised greater access to affordable health care. But for 7 years, we have watched as all of those promises were broken. For 7 years, we have heard from families and small businesses across the country that have seen their healthcare costs skyrocket and their choices diminish. Members of the House Education and the Workforce Committee recently heard from Scott Bollenbacher, an Indiana smallbusiness owner with 11 fulltime employees. The company has been forced to switch healthcare plans twice now under ObamaCare, and their only viable option this year was a plan with a 78 percent premium increase. Mr. Bollenbacher is one of countless smallbusiness owners struggling to make ends meet under a failed government takeover of health care. Because of ObamaCare, 300,000 smallbusiness jobs have been destroyed, including nearly 8,000 in my home State of North Carolina. b1400 Additionally, an estimated 10,000 small businesses nationwide have closed their doors, and small business employees have lost $19 billion each year in wages. It should come as no surprise that, since 2008, the share of small businesses with fewer than 10 employees offering health coverage has dropped 36 percent. It is not that they don’t want to; it is that onerous mandates and regulations have made it simply unaffordable to do so. Fortunately, relief is on the way. This week we are not only moving to repeal ObamaCare, we are also advancing positive reforms that promote affordable coverage for working families, including the Small Business Health Fairness Act. As its title implies, this important legislation is about fairness for small businesses and their employees. Today, small businesses are on an unfair playing field with larger companies and unions when it comes to health care. Large businesses have the ability to negotiate for more affordable healthcare costs for their employees, but small businesses do not have the same advantage. Because of their size, small businesses have limited bargaining power, which means their employees can end up paying more for health insurance. With millions of Americans employed by a small business, it is long past time to level the playing field. That is exactly what this commonsense legislation is about. This bill would empower small businesses to band together through association health plans, or AHPs, to purchase highquality health care at a lower cost for workers. This bill represents a first step toward a more competitive health insurance market that crosses State lines. Under H.R. 1101, small businesses in different States could join together through a group health plan. These plans would have strong protections and solvency requirements to ensure workers can count on healthcare coverage when they and their families need it. What does all of this mean: more choices, more freedom, and more affordable health care for working families and smallbusiness owners like Scott Bollenbacher. This is a better way, one that stands in stark contrast to ObamaCare’s failed approach. Instead of more mandates, this bill empowers individuals to access the high quality, affordable healthcare plan that meets their needs. I want to thank my colleague Representative SAMJOHNSON for championing, for years, the positive reforms in this bill. I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1101 so we can level the playing field for small businesses and expand affordable health coverage for working families. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we are considering a bill that purports to make it easier for small businesses to obtain coverage, and tomorrow we will vote on a bill that will take away health insurance coverage for 24 million Americans and force everyone else to pay more for less. So not only are we considering a bill today that will make things worse, we are considering it a day before we vote on ruining health security for working families in order to provide tax cuts for the wealthy. As we debate the possible replacement of the Affordable Care Act, I think it is instructive that we look back at what the situation was before the ACA passed. Listening to some, you would think that the costs weren’t going up at all. In fact, costs were going through the roof before the ACA, and small businesses, particularly, were having spectacular cost increases—and that is until somebody got sick. At that point, you were unlikely to be able to afford any insurance at all. Every year before the ACA, small businesses were dropping insurance right and left, particularly after somebody got sick. Also, before the Affordable Care Act, people with preexisting conditions couldn’t get insurance. Women were paying more than men. Millions of people were losing their insurance every year. Since then, the costs have continued to go up, but at the lowest rate in the last 50 years. People with preexisting conditions can get insurance at the standard rate. Small businesses can cover their employees through the Affordable Care Act at the average cost, whether or not anybody in their small business has cancer or diabetes. Women are not paying more than men. Instead of millions of people losing their insurance every year, 20 million more people have insurance. In addition to that, families now enjoy strong consumer protections. The full name of the Affordable Care Act is the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Now there are no caps on what an insurance company pays, and they can’t cancel your policy for anything other than nonpayment. Preventive services such as cancer screenings are available with no copay or deductible. Those up to 26 can stay on their parents’ policy, and the doughnut hole is being closed. The ACA did not cure every problem, but it went a long way to making Americans healthier and giving them some economic security. It could have gone further if, in the past 7 years, Republicans would have been willing to work with Democrats to build on the progress instead of forcing over 60 votes to repeal all parts of the Affordable Care Act. If we do anything now, we ought to improve the situation, not make it worse. The Republican plan makes things worse. The CBO analysis concluded that 24 million fewer people will have insurance, and most of those that get insurance in the future will be paying more for policies that don’t deliver as much. For seniors, particularly, the costs will skyrocket. And, in fact, the prediction that the rates will go down in 
the future are a result of the conclusion that so few seniors will be able to buy insurance that they will no longer be in the insurance pool. The insurance pool would be younger, and, therefore, the costs would go down. But that is only because seniors won’t be able to afford the insurance. Therefore, the insurance pool will be younger and cheaper for those who can actually afford it, but that is not a good thing for seniors who need the insurance and can’t afford it. So today we are considering another failed policy. The association plan ideas have been studied for years, and it has been concluded that it is a bad idea. Under the Affordable Care Act, essentially everybody pays average. If you change that arithmetic so some can pay a little less, then arithmetic matters. Everybody else is going to pay a little more. In the association plans, quite frankly, I will admit, they will always work for the few that can get into them. That is because, if you can draw out your own group, if they are healthier than average and can pay less, they will pay less and the association will work. But if you pull out a group and it turns out they are a little sicker than average and the bids come in above average, then the association will dissolve and everybody will go back into the insurance pool. So if you can pull out a group, they will always pay less until somebody gets sick, and then everybody jumps back into the insurance pool. The higher cost groups will be left behind. The lower cost groups will segment out, and then the rates will go down for a few and up for everybody else. This is exactly why the American Academy of Actuaries has said that expanding association plans ‘‘could result in unintended consequences such as market segmentation that could threaten . . . viability and make it more difficult for highcost individuals and groups to obtain coverage.’’ One of the other problems is a lack of regulation. If a group is allowed to circumvent State regulations, that policy may be cheaper because the policy is not as good. There are a lot of ways that you can save money. You can pull out a group of just young men and save on maternity benefits. That would be cheaper for them but more expensive for everybody else. And what happens when a new spouse needs coverage and tries to get it as an optional benefit? They won’t be able to afford it. Workers and businessowners are likely to get fewer benefits under the association approach and will be disadvantaged compared to those in the regular pool getting comprehensive benefits. This is exactly why Consumers Union has stated that the legislation is ‘‘likely . . . to provide minimal and nonuniform benefits.’’ Mr. Speaker, this bill will make it easier to set up these kinds of associations and let them avoid State regulations, which could require solvency, nice solvency requirements, and consumer protections. The protections in this bill are not sufficient to protect consumers, and most States would require stronger capital requirements than the bill requires. Much like the Republican replacement bill, this bill goes in the wrong direction, so I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SAMJOHNSON ), the author of the bill. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I would like to start off by thanking Chairwoman FOXX and Chairman WALBERG for their strong support of my bill, the Small Business Health Fairness Act. Mr. Speaker, the legislation before us today is on an issue that has long been near and dear to my heart: association health plans. Association health plans would allow small businesses to join together and provide healthcare coverage just like large corporations and unions do today. Association health plans are also a central part of replacing ObamaCare with commonsense solutions. You know, ObamaCare has been an absolute disaster. My constituents in Collin County, Texas, have shared with me their negative experiences with it since it became law nearly 7 years ago. One of the groups hardest hit by ObamaCare is small businesses, the backbone of our economy. Since 2008, over onethird of businesses with fewer than 10 employees offering health insurance have dropped insurance; and, you know, that is just wrong. Because ObamaCare is failing, we need to repeal it and replace it with better solutions for the American people. One of these solutions is my association health plan bill. What my bill does is simply allow small businesses to join together through trade or professional organizations. As we all know, the basic rule of insurance is the bigger the risk pool, the lower the cost. Furthermore, my bill allows small businesses to join together across State lines. My bill would also free small businesses from costly and burdensome State and Federal requirements. This isn’t anything different from what large employers and unions already do. My bill is simply about leveling the playing field for small businesses and their hardworking employees. This bill also has wide support from the business community, including the United States Chamber of Commerce, the National Federation of Independent Business, the National Retail Federation, and the International Franchise Association. Not everyone knows this, but I was a smallbusiness owner myself between my time in the Air Force and coming to Congress. In fact, I established a home building business in north Texas from scratch, so I can understand where small businesses are coming from. For example, Bob Gibbons and his wife own a commercial real estate business in my hometown of Plano, Texas. They have had a tough time obtaining good, affordable health insurance, a problem that has gotten worse since ObamaCare. Bob sums up this entire issue pretty well in two sentences: ‘‘Why should someone’s status as an employee give them preferential right to decent group health coverage? Entrepreneurs are penalized when they start a small business because they can’t get comparable coverage.’’ b1415 Bob’s experience underscores the entire point behind the Small Business Health Fairness Act. Mr. Speaker, I include Bob’s letter in the RECORD , along with letters from the cities of Frisco, Richardson, and Anna in my district. 
REATA C OMMERCIAL REALTY , INC., Plano, TX, March 2, 2017. Re Association Health Plans. Hon. SAMJOHNSON , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE JOHNSON : I would like to register my support of your recently introduced bill, H.R. 1101, which would provide for association health plans. I am a small business owner in your district in Plano, Texas. My wife and I have been on a roller coaster of health coverage over the years. We were covered by employer plans when I was an employee (preACA). Then we had to negotiate for an individual plan when I started my own business (preACA). Then we were again covered by an employer plan when my wife went to work (postACA). And now that she works with me, we must navigate the purchase of an individual plan again, but in the postACA failure environment. I have always thought it was ridiculous that the only decent health coverage was available to employees of companies that provided it. Why should someone’s status as an employee give them a preferential right to decent group health coverage? Entrepreneurs are penalized when they start a small business because they can’t get comparable coverage. I was thrilled when I ran into Gabi Pate at a Plano Chamber of Commerce Public Policy Committee meeting yesterday and heard you were trying to help. Association health plans would be a step in the right direction. At least then I could get in on a group plan through trade associations, a chamber of commerce or another qualified group. I truly hope that the bill will allow for portability of that health coverage, however, so I can leave the association if I choose and still have coverage. Thank you for your leadership in this area. Please don’t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions. Sincerely, BOBGIBBONS . 
FRISCO CHAMBER OF COMMERCE , Frisco, TX, March 22, 2017. On behalf of the Frisco Chamber of Commerce in Frisco, Texas, I write in strong support of the Small Business Health Fairness Act. The Frisco Chamber of Commerce provides advocacy support for over 1,300 businesses of all sizes. We consistently hear from our small business members about the hardship in providing appropriate and adequate healthcare for their employees at an affordable price. This legislation will increase small businesses’ bargaining power with health insurance providers and ensure a level playing field for smaller entities that want to help their workers and families with healthcare costs. Locally owned small businesses are a huge contributor in the fabric of a business community. It is through the small and medium businesses that we see the greatest job growth. It is through the small and medium businesses that we see the greatest increase in retail spending in the local communities. However, while many see the benefit of a strong small business community, they have been neglected in being able to negotiate for competitive pricing in healthcare costs. For these reasons, the Frisco Chamber of Commerce strongly supports the Small Business Health Fairness Act, which will allow small businesses the opportunity to band together to provide their employees with better, more affordable health insurance coverage. With rising medical costs being a top concern of both individuals and employers, the impact of this increased availability of affordable insurance would be significant. Sincerely, TONYFELKER , President/CEO. 
RICHARDSON , TEXAS , CHAMBER OF COMMERCE , Richardson, TX, March 21, 2017. Re Association Health Plans. Hon. SAMJOHNSON , House of Representatives, Washington DC. DEARCHAIRMAN JOHNSON : On behalf of the Richardson Chamber of Commerce, a 5star chamber, I write in strong support of the Small Business Health Fairness Act. This legislation will increase small businesses’ bargaining power with health insurance providers and ensure a level playing field for smaller entities that want to help their workers and families with health care costs. The Richardson Chamber of Commerce commends you for your longstanding leadership on this important issue to the small business community. With more than 650 member organizations, the Richardson Chamber of Commerce continues the goal of its founding fathers to serve as the cornerstone of economic and community development for the city of Richardson. In order to continue that growth, our small businesses must be allowed to offer affordable healthcare to their employees. While the small business community’s economic output is great, its negotiating power in the health care market is at a competitive disadvantage. The federal Employee Retirement Income Security Act, which currently permits large corporations and labor organizations to ‘‘selfinsure’’ and offer insurance with certain exemptions from state law, does not provide small business with the same advantage. The law must be reformed to empower small employers with the ability to obtain and offer competitively priced health insurance. For these reasons, the Richardson Chamber of Commerce and our member companies, strongly support the Small Business Health Fairness Act, which will allow small businesses the opportunity to band together to provide their employees with better, more affordable health insurance coverage. With rising medical costs being a top concern of both individuals and employers, the impact of this increased availability of affordable insurance would be significant. The Richardson Chamber commends your efforts to provide small businesses with health care options in a thoughtful and constructive manner. We look forward to working with you on this key legislation. Sincerely, WILLIAM C. S PROULL , President and CEO. 
GREATER ANNA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE , Anna, TX, March 21, 2017. Hon. SAMJOHNSON , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE JOHNSON : On behalf of the Greater Anna Chamber of Commerce and our more than 200 members, including a majority of small business, I would like to show our support of the H.R. 101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act. There are many small businesses in our community that cannot currently economically and efficiently afford healthcare for their employees. We hope this legislation will help ease that affordability on both our businesses and employees. With better access to healthcare, employees could be more willing to work at these smaller businesses instead of only working for larger corporations. This will help our local community by keeping our employees closer to their home, families and children’s schools. Again, we support for Small Business Health Fairness Act and look forward to a better solution to our current healthcare problem. Best Regards, KEVIN HALL, Executive Director, Greater Anna Chamber of Commerce. 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, by allowing small businesses to band together, they can collectively purchase more affordable health insurance for their employees. Let’s get this commonsense plan passed. Let’s help those who power our economy be able to get the health care they want, need, and deserve for themselves and their workers. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 1101. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ). Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act. Mr. Speaker, the concept of association health plans, AHPs, is nothing new. Versions of this bill have been around for many years. They don’t work. Currently, AHPs are regulated by the States, ensuring the ability to protect consumers. H.R. 1101, however, will yank association health plans from the realm of State oversight by federally certifying them and holding them to few, if any, regulatory requirements. This would strip the States of the ability and fidelity to regulate beneficiary protections that exist to protect their citizens. Federally certifying AHPs will allow selective choice of which benefits are provided and which persons can enroll. This is a complete and total disservice to all individuals and citizens in a State’s health insurance market. Association health plans currently exist and operate in New York State, serving many thousands of beneficiaries and avail New Yorkers’ protections, benefits guarantees, and avenues for appeal through the Department of Financial Services. This bill does nothing to offer guaranteed affirmative coverage. It would permit preexisting conditions as a legitimate reason to exclude individuals. It has no minimum threshold for anything resembling essential health benefits, and it fails to offer a requirement for the actuarial value of the insurance product to cover total health costs. What then remains is not a health plan. In fact, what remains is strikingly similar to what the American Health Care Act purports to offer millions of Americans: less coverage for those enrolled and more expense for those who are too sick, too old, and too poor to be approached by an AHP. AHPs would lead to higher costs for seniors and individuals who are sicker and will dilute the risk pool of entire States, leading to higher premiums and outofpocket expenses. Where the American Health Care Act will unilaterally hurt all Americans, H.R. 1101 would accomplish the same harm directed at the sickest and most underserved in a more prejudicial manner. Mr. Speaker, I offered an amendment to this bill, which was germane, yet not made in order. My amendment would have protected the rights of the States to regulate association health plans, to include regulation of benefits, consumer protections, and rating restrictions. The goal of my amendment was to ensure that all States and their constituents have the same security and protections that my constituents have benefited from over the past 7 years: consumer protections against surprise billing and adverse selection, provider protection for prompt claim payment and preauthorization, protection for local and regional insurers so that large national insurance companies cannot cherrypick the good risk. I certainly believe and would hope that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle support program integrity and protecting our constituents, which is what my amendment would have made clear. Lastly, I would like to be clear that I am supportive of increasing access to health care that is comprehensive and affordable for all Americans. The bill before us does not do that. The American Health Care Act certainly does not do that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to strongly oppose this rolling back of health care. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act, a bill that will help people in Michigan and across the country by expanding affordable coverage for workers and their families. I thank our colleague, Representative SAMJOHNSON of Texas, for introducing this legislation. I really enjoyed hearing the gentleman from Texas and his comments about this being common sense. Representative SAMJOHNSONof Texas defines common sense and patriotism. He has tirelessly championed this bill for years, and it is a pleasure to join him in pushing for these positive reforms. Mr. Speaker, health care in this country has become simply unaffordable for far too many small businesses and working families. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act has proved to be an utter failure for most people in the United States. It is snowballing out of control and rolling over working families and small businesses. Ninetyfive percent of small businesses have reported increased health insurance costs over the past 5 years. A 2015 study by the National Federation of Independent Businesses found that the cost of health insurance is the principal reason that small businesses do not offer coverage. As a result, since 2008, 36 percent of small businesses with fewer than 10 employees have stopped offering healthcare coverage to their employees. It is not that they don’t want to offer healthcare benefits. The truth of the matter is that small businesses have been hit especially hard by the government takeover of health care. Under ObamaCare, the working families I speak to in my district are paying more for less and finding they have fewer options for coverage. H.R. 1101 is a key part of the third phase of our efforts to reform our healthcare system so it works for all Americans. It aims to increase the negotiating power of small businesses so they can bring down health insurance costs for their employees. Right now, small businesses are often on an unequal playing field with larger companies and unions. Because they have few employees, small businesses have limited bargaining power when it comes to negotiating for lower insurance costs for their workers. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky). The time of the gentleman from Michigan has expired. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, this bill levels the playing field for small businesses, allowing them to band together through association health plans and negotiate the best deals to provide health care at a lower cost. It also represents an important step toward purchasing health insurance across State lines. Today’s vote is an immediate first step to help job creators provide affordable healthcare options to their employees and a transition toward a patientcentered healthcare system. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, again, as someone who was a smallbusiness employer for 27 years and provided health benefits for my staff, I am acutely aware of the challenges in the smallbusiness market which long predate passage of the Affordable Care Act and which is still something that we can do better in terms of helping folks deal with this issue, which, again, is so important because small businesses are the job creators in the American economy. What I want to sort of point out is that this legislation, in my opinion, is just a complete misfire. Let’s, first of all, remind everyone that there are over 670 association health plans existing in America today. The notion that the Affordable Care Act somehow is smothering or stifling association health plans is, in fact, just factually false. There are many that are in business, providing coverage, as has been said by some of the prior speakers, for people in industries like restaurants, et cetera. Again, we are not talking about some existential threat that is out there in terms of association health plans today. The guts of this bill—and it is quite extraordinary coming from, again, the Republican Party—is to preempt State Governments from having any say over the solvency and the benefit design of plans that operate under association health plans. Back in the 1990s, there was a spate of problems with association health plans going belly up because, again, there was no State insurance solvency standards to make sure that there were funds set aside to pay the bills of people who were employed in the businesses that these plans were set up to serve. As a result, Congress acted. We basically said that the Federal Government was doing a lousy job in terms of protecting patients. And we gave States the ability, through their State insurance departments, to make sure that certain solvency standards were met and, as was stated earlier, that they weren’t able to cherrypick just the healthiest and leave the rest for the other segments of the health insurance industry. As a result of the fact that we made this change, again, the State insurance commissioners all across America, Republican States and Democratic States, have weighed in. They sent a letter on February 28 pleading with Congress not to do this, not to pass this bill which eliminates their ability to protect the citizens of their States. So this bill is actually an antistates’ rights bill because it is basically saying the Federal Government is just going to step in and wipe out the way in which these plans operate and just lead, again, a race to the bottom, the lowest threshold of protections for patients; and that is considered healthcare reform or somehow advancing the ball in terms of helping small businesses. There are many other ways to deal with this issue, and this is not the right one. Again, this is not some new idea that we are debating. This has been back and forth over the years, in the 1990s and the early 2000s. It predates the Affordable Care Act by decades, and it is just an old chestnut that is being thrown out in the floor in the name of some idea to sound like we are doing something for small businesses. Again, under the Affordable Care Act, we set up a 50 percent tax credit for businesses that qualify for it to make health insurance affordable. I did two townhalls back in my district. I had a plumber from the next town over who, again, took advantage of that 50 percent tax credit. He saved thousands of dollars in terms of providing health benefits for his small business. We can expand that tax credit to get a wider universe of small businesses, and that is what we should be doing. We should be building on what is successful, again, not watering down existing patient protection and consumer protection laws that ensure that plans are actually going to have enough funds to pay the bills when people get sick or go to the hospital and certainly not be able to cherrypick what benefits are considered essential or not. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman from Connecticut has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, we should not be allowing health plans to decide we are not going to cover maternity or that they can pick and choose what essential benefits that, again, the rest of the universe of businesses have to provide now under the Affordable Care Act, which are, again, based on sound medical research, not political decisions or not just the whims of people who are running health plans, like association health plans. Again, this is the wrong approach. This is, again, turning the clock backwards. It is not going to provide any protections, and it certainly is not responding to some existential threat of association health plans. There are 672 in operation today. Let’s help them with programs like tax credits. Let’s not just sort of turn that whole sector of the health insurance marketplace into the Wild West because it is patients who are going to lose. Our citizens are going to lose. We can do better than that as a Congress. Mr. Speaker, again, I strongly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this measure. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE), a distinguished colleague, a member of the committee, and the chair of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. b1430 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act, sponsored by my good friend and true American hero, SAMJOHNSON . I encourage all of my colleagues to do the same. This bill is an important tool to help empower small businesses to offer more affordable healthcare options to their employees. Mr. Speaker, as a former smallbusiness owner myself, I know that most smallbusiness owners want to do the right thing and offer health insurance to their employees. We did so in my practice. But many of these businesses are struggling with the cost and complexities of offering health insurance to their employees. ObamaCare has exacerbated this problem for small businesses. Thousands of jobs and thousands of small businesses have closed. We have a better way. We are going to start by passing the American Health Care Act, which will repeal many of ObamaCare’s taxes and mandates and replace it with free market reforms. But there is much more that can be done. Perhaps the only thing that has prevented ObamaCare from causing even more widespread damage was the success of ERISA, employersponsored health insurance. We believe small businesses deserve the same protections that large businesses do, and that is why we are passing this legislation today. The Small Business Health Fairness Act takes positive steps toward creating a more competitive healthcare marketplace, lowering insurance costs for many small employers. Mr. Speaker, why would anybody care if association health plans got together and allowed me to purchase insurance across a State line? I have a community in my district where the State line on one side of the street is Bristol, Virginia, on the other side is Bristol, Tennessee. Why would it matter? Why couldn’t I purchase that insurance across the State line if it helped my employees and lowered costs? And, by the way, Mr. Speaker, the Affordable Care Act is working so well for consumers that 18 out of 23 of the coops went broke, leaving hundreds of thousands of people to search for insurance coverage. For the past 8 years, House Republicans have engaged the administration and encouraged them to work with us to implement a more patientcentered healthcare system; but, instead of working with us on a common goal, they have layered on additional costs for small businesses. I again want to encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 1101. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, would the Chair advise us how much time is available on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia has 141⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentlewoman from North Carolina has 16
3⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to point out a few letters that we have received, one from the Diabetes Association, which includes, in part: ‘‘The Association has serious concerns that AHPs would lead to a twotiered market, in which AHPs offer inadequate coverage to healthy groups only, while State regulated plans provide adequate coverage with consumer protections but at an increasingly higher premiums. For these reasons, we urge you to oppose the Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017, H.R. 1101.’’ We have also received a letter, Mr. Speaker, from the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. They said in their letter: ‘‘The legislation as written would eliminate all State consumer protections and solvency standards that ensure consumers receive the coverage for which they pay their monthly premium. These protections are the very core of a State regulatory system that has protected consumers for nearly 150 years . . . history has demonstrated that AHPtype entities have done more harm than good to small businesses.’’ Mr. Speaker, we also received a letter from The Main Street Alliance, which said: ‘‘In short, H.R. 1101 would result in higher premiums and poorer coverage for the most vulnerable small business owners, would destabilize the small group market, and would lead smallbusiness owners and employees to assume unnecessary financial risks.’’ We also heard from the Consumers Union: ‘‘Consumer’s Union has long raised the inadequacies of AHPs . . . and urges Congress to reject them as likely to fragment the insurance risk pool and provide minimal and nonuniform benefits exempt from State benefit mandates.’’ We also heard from a long coalition of consumer groups, providers, and labor unions which said that this bill would just move backward to a two tiered system that makes it harder to purchase comprehensible, affordable coverage for all but a minority of small businesses. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  these letters. 
AMERICAN DIABETES ASSOCIATION , March 21, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : On behalf of the nearly 30 million Americans living with diabetes and the 86 million more with prediabetes, the American Diabetes Association (Association) is writing to express our strong opposition to the Small Business Health Fairness Act (H.R. 1101). This legislation is nearly identical to legislation considered by previous Congresses and that last passed the House of Representatives in 2003. The Association opposed that legislation and writes now to express our strong concerns with this bill and the impact it will have for people with, and at risk for, diabetes. The legislation would create federally certified association health plans (AHPs) with the goal of making coverage more affordable for small businesses by allowing them to band together to purchase coverage on behalf of a larger insurance pool. We share the goal of making coverage more affordable, but not at the expense of required consumer protections, signed into law in 47 states, which ensure people with diabetes have access to the services and financial protection they need. H.R. 1101 would broadly exempt AHPs from critical state benefit standards, solvency rules, and consumer protections, including requirements to cover health services essential to those with diabetes. Specifically, H.R. 1101 would confer on AHPs wide authority to: Determine benefits to be covered: Other than requiring AHPs to meet limited federal requirements for ERISAgoverned plans, H.R. 1101 would give AHPs broad discretion to omit important health benefits. Determine eligibility for coverage: While H.R. 1101 would require AHPs to comply with ERISA nondiscrimination provisions, the AHP board would retain sole discretion to approve applications for participation in the plan and to set premiums based on an employer’s health care claims experience. Maintain inadequate reserves: H.R. 1101 applies federally determined solvency standards that are weaker than state standards, exposing plan members to the risk of insolvency and unpaid medical bills. Because AHPs would compete with state regulated plans on an uneven playing field, they would likely cherrypick healthy small employer groups, making the risk pool in the stateregulated market less healthy and more costly. In addition, those who obtain coverage through an AHP would likely have benefits that lack coverage for essential services and would expose them to higher outofpocket costs and potential plan insolvencies. In fact, numerous AHPs offered in the past have gone insolvent and left consumers uninsured and with unpaid medical bills. The Association has serious concerns that AHPs would lead to a twotiered market, in which AHPs offer inadequate coverage to healthy groups only, while stateregulated plans provide adequate coverage with consumer protections but at increasingly higher premiums. For these reasons, we urge you to oppose the Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017, H.R. 1101. If you have questions or would like to discuss this issue, please contact Rob Goldsmith, Director, Federal Government Affairs. Sincerely, LASHAWN MCIVER, MD, MPH, Senior Vice President of Advocacy, American Diabetes Association. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF INSUR ANCE COMMISSIONERS & THECENTER FOR INSURANCE POLICY AND  RESEARCH , February 28, 2017. Hon. VIRGINIA FOXX, Chair, Committee on Education and the Workforce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. ROBERT C. S COTT, Ranking Member, Committee on Education and the Workforce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMADAME CHAIRWOMAN AND MR. RANKINGMEMBER : The U.S. House Education and the Workforce Committee is once again scheduled to consider legislation that would allow a new category of health insurance company, ‘‘Association Health Plans (AHPs),’’ to form and operate outside the authority of state regulators and beyond the reach of proven state consumer protections and solvency laws. This bill, H.R. 1101, would adversely impact consumers and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) urges you to oppose it. The NAIC, which represents the nation’s insurance regulators, shares the sponsors’ concern for the growing number of small business owners and employees who cannot afford adequate coverage. However, the root cause of this problem is the steadily rising cost of healthcare merely reflected in premiums, and this legislation would do nothing to address that reality. In fact, we fear the legislation could actually increase the cost of insurance for many small businesses whose employees are not members of an AHP. Even more troubling than prescribing a treatment that does not address the underlying disease, the legislation would actually harm consumers by further segmenting the small group market, eliminating critical state consumer protections, and could lead to increased fraud and plan failures. This legislation would encourage AHPs to ‘‘cherrypick’’ healthy groups by designing benefit packages and setting rates so that unhealthy groups are disadvantaged. This, in turn, would make existing state risk pools even riskier and more expensive for insurance carriers, thus making it even harder for sick groups to afford insurance. In addition, the legislation as written would eliminate all state consumer protections and solvency standards that ensure consumers receive the coverage for which they pay their monthly premium. These protections are the very core of a state regulatory system that has protected consumers for nearly 150 years. As we have already seen in the past when such plans were allowed under federal law, consumers will be left with unpaid claims and nowhere to turn when they are harmed. A prior law along the lines of H.R. 1101 was repealed because it was found to harm consumers; the same mistake should not be made again. We recognize that supporters of AHPs are well intentioned, looking for solutions to the same problems we are seeking to address, but history has demonstrated that AHPtype entities have done more harm than good to small businesses. A far broader approach to the existing problems—one that addresses healthcare spending, allows more innovation, and permits more state flexibility—is necessary to bring real relief to small businesses. The federal government and the states need to work with healthcare providers, insurers and consumers to implement effective reforms that will curb spending and make insurance more affordable to small businesses. Rehashing strategies that have failed would not be a step forward. It is time to move on and find more effective solutions. Sincerely, TEDNICKEL , NAIC President, Commissioner, Wisconsin Office of the Commissioner of Insurance. ERICA. C IOPPA , NAIC Vice President, Superintendent, Maine Bureau of Insurance. JULIE MIXMCPEAK, NAIC PresidentElect, Commissioner, Tennessee Department of Commerce & Insurance. DAVID C. M ATTAX , NAIC SecretaryTreasurer, Commissioner of Insurance, Texas Department of Insurance. 
THEMAINSTREET ALLIANCE , Washington, DC, March 8, 2017. Chairwoman VIRGINIA FOXX, Washington, DC. Ranking Member BOBBY SCOTT, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRWOMAN FOXX, RANKING MEMBER  SCOTT, AND MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE EDUCATION AND WORKFORCE COMMITTEE : On be half of the Main Street Alliance, I write to express opposition to the ‘‘Small Business Health Fairness Act’’ (H.R. 1101). The Main Street Alliance is a national network of small business owners across the country. Access to affordable, highquality health coverage has been a core concern for small businesses for years, and slowing the skyrocketing rate increases continues to be a top priority for our membership. Unfortunately, the proposed legislation would erode important gains in premium stabilization while causing our business owners to assume unnecessary financial risks. As you may know, prior to the Affordable Care Act (ACA) small business owners paid substantially more on average for health coverage and received fewer comprehensive benefits than larger companies. They also experienced broad unpredictability in costs, with premiums varying wildly from year to year. One employee’s expensive illness could cause the insurance rates for the whole firm to spike in subsequent years. Critical market reforms instituted through the ACA addressed many of these concerns. Insurance companies in the individual and smallgroup market—including association health plans—can no longer charge small firms higher premiums based on their business sector, an employee’s health status, age, or gender. Nor can they offer subpar plans that exclude essential services, such as maternity care or pediatric care. Instead, they must now base their pricing on the cost of covering all individuals in the market, not just one firm. Participating in this larger risk pool means that small business owners, like their larger counterparts, are no longer vulnerable to sharp swings in their rates based on the health of a few employees. It also means that they can expect a basic quality assurance with any health plan they select. H.R. 1101 would undermine these protections by allowing small employer groups and individuals to join together to obtain health insurance through an unregulated association health plan (AHP). These plans would be exempt from the ACA reforms identified above, along with any state laws. This would allow them to ‘‘cherry pick’’ good risk through the design of the benefit package or choice of service area. AHPs could also have limited risk simply due to the types of businesses that belong to the association. While AHPs may save money in the shortterm by avoiding costs of consumer protections, enrollees would receive less robust coverage and may be left without important protections right when they need them the most. Furthermore, the bill would destabilize the small group and individual market by exacerbating adverse selection, driving up costs for the most vulnerable enrollees. Under the proposed legislation, AHPs would compete with other small group and individual market plans. The proposed legislation would allow employers with younger, healthier workforces to withdraw their employees from a state’s small group market thus leaving behind small businesses with older and sicker employees. While the rates may drop for those businesses that belong to associations, which offer health coverage, premiums will increase for the remaining. This adverse selection would make it harder for higher cost individuals or groups to obtain coverage. Finally, the proposed legislation could expose employers and employees to financial ruin. The proposed legislation would allow certain AHPs to selfinsure and accept insurance risk. Because of the current regulatory void, AHPs are not subject to state solvency requirements that are in place to ensure insurance companies have sufficient resources to avoid financial failure. As with unregulated multiple employer welfare arrangements, AHPs could experience bankruptcies—leaving millions of small employers and workers without health coverage due to insolvencies. In short, H.R. 1101 would result in higher premiums and poorer coverage for the most vulnerable small business owners, would destabilize the small group market, and would lead small business owners and employees to assume unnecessary financial risks. The Main Street Alliance strongly urges you to oppose the legislation. Please feel free to contact Michelle Sternthal, Policy Director for the Main Street Alliance, with any questions. Sincerely, AMANDA BALLANTYNE , National Director. 
CONSUMERS UNION, March 21, 2017. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : We are writing today to oppose the Small Business Health Fairness Act (H.R. 1101) and the proposed rules for association health plans. Today, small businesses are already able to join together to purchase coverage through Association Health Plans (AHPs). These AHPs are currently regulated by the states, just like other insurance in the small group market. H.R. 1101 would allow an AHP to be entirely exempt from state regulation by being selfinsured or following the rules of a single state nationwide. ConsumersUnion has long raised the inadequacies of AHPs as a solution to improving access and strengthening the health of insurance markets, and urges Congress to reject them as likely to fragment the insurance risk pool and to provide minimal and non uniform benefits exempt from state benefit mandates. These plans would split the healthy from the sick and drive up costs for those who do not enroll in them. As a nonpartisan, independent organization that has advocated for the best consumer products and policies for more than 80 years, we believe that altering the rules for AHPs as proposed in this bill would undermine consumers’ access to fairly priced, quality health coverage. Our objections are that: AHPs would be offered alongside other small group and individual market plans. 
However, they would operate under different rules. Past experience shows this is likely to lead to cherrypicking, adverse selection, and increased costs for sicker individuals and small businesses. Put another way, this would lead to health risk being segmented with the less healthy consumers excluded from the AHP risk pool. A core, longheld ConsumersUnion principle is to support broad pooling of risk as fairer and more cost effective for consumers. We do not support lower rates for healthiest consumers at the expense of older or sicker consumers. This Act would undermine state consumer protection laws by restricting the ability of states to regulate AHPs. This loss of protections could lead to increased fraud, inadequate coverage and consumerunfriendly benefit designs. In July 2003, Consumer Reports profiled similar plans in a story entitled Phony Health Insurance. The story noted that fraudulent sales and financial instability stiffed consumers for $65 million in unpaid medical bills. This Act would give AHPs sole discretion to select what type of care they will and will not include in their products; this is a departure from current policy, which only permits AHPs that meet insurance standards set for the individual and small group market. Consumers who buy into these plans will lose the guarantees of care created by the ACA’s essential health benefits and actuarial value requirements—likely unknowingly—and will have difficulty knowing what AHPs cover. It is unlikely that these AHPs will be able to attract enough members to be able to negotiate more effectively with providers, compared to large insurers already operating in these states. Consequently, we do not believe that these designs will lower costs for consumers. Multiple Employer Welfare Arrangements (MEWAs) once operated in a regulatory vacuum similar to the one proposed through H.R. 1101. Selffunded MEWAs had no clear regulatory authority, as initially it appeared that ERISA exempted them from statelevel regulatory oversight. Multiple MEWA bankruptcies resulted, and consumers had limited avenue for redress. In the absence of clear regulatory authority over AHPs, insolvencies could leave millions of small employers and workers without health coverage or redress. Current state solvency standards have a 150 year track record of protecting consumers and should not be undermined. We believe there are much better, time tested ways to increase the availability, affordability, and accessibility of health insurance for consumers—approaches that rely on the wise and accepted insurance principles of broad pooling of risks and avoidance of risk selection—without resorting to the detrimental effects of H.R. 1101. We note that the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, as well as the American Academy of Actuaries, has similar, grave concerns about this Act. Sincerely, LAURA MACCLEERY , Vice President, Consumer Policy and Mobilization, Consumer Reports. LYNNQUINCY , Associate Director, Health Policy, Consumer Policy and Mobilization, Consumer Reports. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I now yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), the distinguished chairman of the Small Business Committee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for her leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise to voice my strong support for H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act. I thank my colleagues from Ways and Means and from the Education and the Workforce Committee for getting this great idea onto paper and moving this bill forward today. As chairman of the House Small Business Committee, I am always very appreciative to see Members from across this body find solutions for small businesses. That is exactly what this bill is. For virtually any one of us in this Chamber, it can be said that hundreds of thousands of our constituents depend on small businesses for their livelihoods. They have been looking to those same small businesses for options, as ObamaCare has done the opposite of what it was supposed to do and it has diminished choices for workers. By allowing small businesses to join together through association health plans, the Small Business Health Fairness Act would give small business employees at least as many choices as those who happen to work for larger companies. Association health plans have long been a solution suggested by small businesses that share their views with me and other members of the Small Business Committee. This bill puts that idea finally into action. Mr. Speaker, in our current state of affairs, there are fewer and fewer healthcare options available for hardworking Americans. This bill addresses that problem for our hardest hit small businesses and communities. While we begin the hard work of making health care not only affordable but worth buying at all, this bill is an important step in giving Americans the certainty and choices that they want. I would urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ), a member of our committee. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for her leadership on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act. Since 2008, the number of small businesses offering health insurance to its employees has dwindled nearly 36 percent. The culprit? Well, ObamaCare. You know, the American people deserve choice. I have lived this reality. I owned and operated a small business for over 40 years back home in Georgia. I know how ObamaCare premium increases hurt and, in some cases, affect a business’ ability to provide health care for its employees. I believe the greatest gift God gave me as a smallbusiness owner was the ability to give others a good job along with the dignity and respect they deserve to provide for their family, their community, their church, and, yes, this Nation. All hardworking American small business owners should be able to give their employees these same opportunities. For this reason, I am a strong supporter of the Small Business Health Fairness Act legislation, which would allow small businesses to band together and purchase health care for workers and their families at a lower cost. Folks, this is innovation. This is what the small business community does. Small businesses are the backbone of America. I will fight for their strength and their survival. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I now yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ), a member of the committee. Mr. MITCHELL. I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Small Business Health Fairness Act. We have all talked a lot about our plan to repeal and replace ObamaCare. This legislation is a key component of our rescue mission for health care in America. Small businesses have been hit particularly hard by ObamaCare’s mandates, skyrocketing costs, and limited choices. Smallbusiness owners, many of whom want to provide health care for their employees, have told me that they are struggling to do so because of ObamaCare. This legislation would level the playing field for small businesses by allowing them to band together to increase bargaining power to lower costs. It would expand affordable care for families trying to secure health insurance through their employer and lower costs for small businesses with limited resources. In addition, this bill includes strong protections for patients with preexisting conditions, a top priority of mine and many of my colleagues as we work for healthcare reform in America. Today we are acting on our promises to deliver relief from ObamaCare. We are returning power where it belongs, choice where it belongs: to patients and doctors, not Washington. I urge you to support the Small Business Health Fairness Act. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the bad idea in this plan has been exposed in one of the letters that I mentioned. I said there are a lot of consumer groups, and I just want to name the groups that signed the letter. The American Nurses Association; the Alliance for Retired Americans; the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network; the American Diabetes Association; the American Federation 
of State, County and Municipal Employees; the Association of Reproductive Health Professionals; Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law; Community Catalyst; Consumers Union; Families USA; International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America— the UAW; NARAL ProChoice America; the National Council of La Raza; the National Education Association; the National Institute for Reproductive Health; National Partnership for Women and Families; National Women’s Health Network; Raising Women’s Voices for the Health Care We Need; and the Service Employees International Union all oppose this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS), a member of our committee. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for her leadership here and on the committee as well. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act. It is amazing as a freshman in this body to watch this debate over what we are trying to do on this side when we know what has already transpired, what has been done: The Affordable Care Act was going to lower our premiums $2,500. That is what the President said. But they went up by $4,800. In my home State of Minnesota, we have seen backtoback increases of 55 and 67 percent, 100,000 people thrown off their plan. We have got 1,000 counties in this country with just one insurer. The exchanges are imploding. As young, healthy people can’t afford the premiums, they drop out, and the pools only have the older and the sicker. We have job lock, where people trying to start a small business can’t get the same tax advantages or purchasing power as those in big companies. So what to do? We are going to stabilize the insurance markets through choice and competition, and that is what H.R. 1101 does. It lowers premiums. It enlarges pools. We do that. We must do that to save the health insurance markets and health care in America. That is the agenda of H.R. 1101. That is the agenda of what we are trying to do in global healthcare reform. So today, as we debate how to fix health care in America, let us not forget the status quo and the debacle it is. So I stand and I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I further urge my colleagues to finish the job over what we are starting on real healthcare reform. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I just want to quote from another letter that we received from Blue Cross Blue Shield Association. They say: ‘‘We have very serious concerns that H.R. 1101 would create preferential rules that would allow an AHP to be entirely exempt from State regulation by being selfinsured or follow the rules of a single State nationwide. Research clearly shows that creating special rules for AHPs and exempting them from State regulation would lead to major problems, including . . . increased insolvency risk . . . increased costs for older, sicker workers.’’ Therefore, they are also in opposition to this legislation. I include in the RECORD the entire letter. 
taxpayers nearly 1.9 billion and forcing patients to find new insurance; $53 billion in new regulations requiring more than 176,800,000 hours of paperwork. ObamaCare regulations are driving up healthcare premiums and costing smallbusiness employees at least $19 billion annually. As I said in the hearing that we had on this bill, the Democrats want a coercive system. Republicans want a system based on freedom. Today we have an opportunity to make a real difference in the lives of hardworking men and women who are employed by small business. We have an opportunity to deliver muchneeded relief to smallbusiness owners who are trying to do the right thing and provide highquality healthcare coverage for their employees. This legislation represents a truly positive reform that will help lower healthcare costs for working families and put small businesses on a fair and level playing field. Small businesses are the backbone of our Nation’s economy, and there is no reason why they should be at a disadvantage when it comes to finding an affordable healthcare plan. They should be treated in the same fashion as larger businesses and have the ability to craft healthcare plans that meet the needs of their employees. If we want to encourage small businesses to offer health care at a lower cost to workers, this is one commonsense step we can make. Again, I thank our colleague, Congressman SAMJOHNSON , a true patriot and servant of this country, for his longtime support of this legislation. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1101, the Small Business Health Fairness Act, which will help more Americans access highquality, affordable health care. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . HERRERA  
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 210, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman FOXX and the Committee on Education and the Workforce for their work on this important bill that will benefit small businesses and the families who work for them. My amendment to the Small Business Health Fairness Act provides a straightforward clarification to ensure that existing association health plans can continue to operate and provide highquality, affordable care to as many people as possible. This amendment safeguards association health plans that have been successfully operating under State and Federal law—many of them for decades. We will be making certain that they would not inadvertently be disadvantaged by new Federal legislation or regulation or vulnerable to efforts to restrict access and limit choices. Why do we need this amendment? Because I fear what happened in my State will happen in others, where the insurance commissioner attempted to reject 42 out of about 60 association health plans. His office interpreted ObamaCare as giving him a mandate as justification for attempting to eliminate virtually all of these popular plans. By adopting my amendment, it will make crystal clear in the underlying bill that this won’t be tolerated, and it will support both existing and future association health plans. Talk to one of the nearly 400,000 individuals in my home State of Washington who get their care from an association plan, and you will find out why so many Washington businesses renew their plans every year. Our State has been fortunate to have a robust AHP market that has become essential to providing costeffective choices to smallbusiness employers, thanks to bipartisan legislation enacted in the mid1990s. In the case of one association plan operating in my State, roughly 40 percent of participating smallbusiness employers did not previously offer health coverage. My amendment is supported by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. In its letter to me, which I include in the RECORD , the U.S. Chamber indicated that it shares my interest in making sure that Statebased association health plans that currently exist are able to continue operating in accordance with existing State and Federal law. My amendment is also supported by the Association of Washington Business. 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF THE  UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , Washington, DC, March 20, 2017. Hon. JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSWOMAN HERRERA BEUTLER : Thank you for your attention to the concerns raised by the Association of Washington Businesses regarding H.R. 1101, the ‘‘Small Business Health Fairness Act.’’ The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has several state chambers of commerce members that provide statebased quality health care coverage to their member companies. The Chamber shares your interest in making sure that the statebased Association Health Plans that currently exist are able to continue to operate in accordance with existing state and federal law without being disadvantaged by this new federal legislation. The Chamber appreciates your commitment to small businesses and to ensuring that current affordable coverage options continue to be available alongside new options in a nondiscriminatory and fair environment. Thank you for your dedication and efforts, and we look forward to continuing to work with you to advance the priorities and interest of business. Sincerely, RANDEL K. J OHNSON . 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I am confident that the underlying legislation before us today will improve the ability of small businesses to access affordable, highquality health coverage in every State across the country. However, first, this body should, as clearly as possible, ensure that those States that already have successfully operating association health plans are not disrupted, which is what my amendment would do. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I thank the chairwoman for her work on this. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the intent of the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington, which seems to allow health association plans that are currently in existence to continue to operate under existing State and Federal law. In fact, giving States the ability to regulate association plans is very important. That is why I oppose the underlying bill. The amendment also points out another interesting fact, and that is associations currently exist under current law, and the underlying bill simply unravels most of the regulations that apply to them, and this amendment would at least maintain State regulations. We know that this bill creates winners and losers. The winners are those who are young and healthy enough to be invited into an association. The losers are small businesses and employers who are older, sicker, or just have more costly health bills. There is no guarantee that plans under this legislation will have the standard level of benefits or consumer protections, and that is why I am disappointed that the majority failed to rule any Democratic amendments submitted to the Rules Committee in order, although each and every one was germane. The gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ), who is a member of the committee, offered an amendment that 
would have protected the ability of the States to regulate any association health plan, including regulation related to benefits, consumer protections, and rating restrictions. Representative TORRES from California offered an amendment to ensure that association plans cover 10 essential health benefits under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. One amendment was offered by Representatives SUSAN DAVIS of California and SUZANNE BONAMICI from Oregon— both committee members—would have required association plans to provide for women’s health benefits, including maternity care. Representatives BONAMICI , DAVIS, and WILSON also offered an amendment to prevent this legislation from taking effect if it would lead to increased premiums for older workers. These older workers will not be able to get into the associations because they would increase average costs of the association, and the point of the association is to get away from highcost enrollees like older Americans. So these older people will be left out of the pool with other older and sicker workers where they will necessarily be paying more. It is simple arithmetic. Their amendment would have been particularly important because we know that the Republican replacement plan contains an age tax that will severely disadvantage older populations. None of the Democratic amendments, although germane, were allowed under the rule, and there does not seem to be any earnest attempt to look to try to correct the shortcomings of the bill. So while I do not intend to oppose this amendment, I do not think the amendment is enough of an improvement of the bill, nor does it change the underlying fact that the legislation does not adequately protect small businesses, workers, and their families, nor does it help those left behind who are not invited into the association who will necessarily be paying more. Mr. Speaker, if those on the other side of the aisle want to go on a rescue mission, they ought to improve things, not make things worse. For most Americans, this bill will make things worse, and, tomorrow, 24 million Americans will be left out while many others will be paying more for less while millionaires get huge tax cuts. That is not an improvement. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to say that part of the reason this underlying bill is so critical is because we just don’t believe one size fits all. When it comes to health coverage, we need to make sure that there are many different options for families, individuals, and businesses. We are clarifying basically a technical change here that allows continued existing plans to operate. Who can be opposed to existing plans operating and offering more options and more plans? This is exactly what Republicans are doing right now. We are fighting to make sure that the families and the people we represent have those options and their choices, that they can keep their doctor, that their health premiums will come down, that they can maybe get a plan through their work, or maybe they will be able to get into the individual market and selfinsure— options—because one size does not fit all, which is why this bill is crucial and why my amendment to this bill makes it better. That is why we are going to move forward and make sure that more Americans have access to care—not just on paper—but care that gets them to in to the doctor, that gets them the care that they need, whether it is a specialist or a primary care doctor. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I would point out that when one size fits all, everybody can benefit; but when you start picking and choosing winners and losers, some will benefit and many others will lose. Under this bill, a fortunate few who get into association plans will benefit; everybody else loses. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER ). The question is on the amendment by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER ). The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. b1500 
Ms. SHEAPORTER. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. SHEAPORTER. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, insurance must now cover treatment for behavioral health and substance use disorder, just the same as it would cover any other medical service. These parity protections mean insurers must cover treatment for substance use disorder with comparable costsharing, with no surprises like annual visit limits, higher copays, or frequent preauthorization requirements and medical necessity reviews. Badly needed facilities are opening because plans now cover these services. I recently visited a recovery home for pregnant women and new mothers in my district. They were able to open the doors this year in my hometown only because it could rely on Medicaid expansion. Legislation like H.R. 1101 would cause fewer people to have this coverage, meaning fewer facilities can open and treat. Many of you know that my home State of New Hampshire is on the front lines of the heroin, fentanyl, and prescription opioid crisis. Our communities are struggling, and helping people get treatment is key to turning the tide. I have met people who couldn’t be in a recovery facility without Medicaid expansion. Today, Members of Congress can say to my constituents in New Hampshire and their constituents across this great Nation: we hear you. We know your sons and daughters, your nieces and nephews, your neighbors and friends are struggling, and we have your back. We believe all Americans deserve good health insurance they can count on when they need it most. We aren’t going to pull the rug out from under people who are about to turn their lives around. I urge my colleagues to support this motion, which would not delay passage of the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from North Carolina is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, this motion is nothing more than a lastditch attempt to defeat a commonsense bill that will help expand access to affordable healthcare coverage for working families. In fact, this motion represents the same failed approach to health care we have experienced in recent years. We have seen what happens when the Federal Government dictates the kind of health insurance individuals can and cannot buy. Healthcare costs skyrocket and patients have fewer choices. While our Democrat colleagues offer a motion that doubles down on a failed approach to health care, my Republican colleagues and I are offering the American people a better way. The Small Business Health Fairness Act is about empowering individuals, families, and smallbusiness owners so more Americans have access to affordable healthcare coverage. By rejecting this motion and supporting the underlying bill, we can take an important step in keeping our promise to deliver freemarket, patientcentered healthcare solutions. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit and ‘‘yes’’ on the Small Business Health Fairness Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. SHEAPORTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered; and the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 1238. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 179, nays 233, not voting 17, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Bass Brown (MD) Carson (IN) Clyburn Larson (CT) Lawrence Lieu, Ted McEachin Moore Nunes Payne Richmond Rush Sinema Slaughter Takano Tsongas 
b1530 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Ms. GRANGER, Messrs. GOSAR, and YOUNG of Alaska changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on March 22nd, 2017—I was not present for rollcall vote 185. If I had been present for this vote, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 236, noes 175, not voting 18, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—175 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bass Brown (MD) Carson (IN) Clyburn Fortenberry Graves (GA) Hudson Lawrence Lieu, Ted Moore Payne Richmond Rush Sinema Slaughter Takano Tsongas Yoho 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 186. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I was inadvertently detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 186. f 
SECURING OUR AGRICULTURE AND FOOD ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1238) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for coordinating the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security related to food, agriculture, and veterinary defense against terrorism, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 406, nays 6, not voting 17, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Farenthold 
Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—6 
Bass Brown (MD) Carson (IN) Clyburn Higgins (LA) Lawrence Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lynch Moore Payne Richmond Rush Sinema Slaughter Takano Tsongas 
b1547 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY  PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
CONGRATULATIONS TO ORONO GIRLS BASKETBALL (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the Orono girls basketball team for recently winning the Minnesota High School State Championship. After falling short of high expectations to win it all last year, the Spartans bounced back this season with an impressive 27–4 record and the top seed, despite many thinking that they had missed their window. That didn’t stop these girls though. They were determined to finish the job this season as they stormed through the playoffs. Led by senior Tori Andrew, the team played selflessly. Andrew, the only returning starter from last season, made it a point to give her teammates the recognition that they deserved. The Spartans went on to beat Winona 65–47 in the State title game. Orono’s resilience, Mr. Speaker, in response to the previous season, speaks highly of their character and their program led by Coach Lavesa Glover in her very first season with the team. These girls showed that they give their all in everything they do, whether it is for their team, their school, their families, or their community. Mr. Speaker, we are so proud of the Orono girls basketball team. Congratulations on the State title. 
RUSSIA AND TRUMP, SUBTLE ENTRAPMENT (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, years from now, history books could well describe entrapment of a United States President by a foreign adversary. Allow me to update my colleagues on the Trump administration’s foreign policy. Recently, the State Department avoided committing Secretary Rex Tillerson to a NATO meeting next month with our tried and true allies in Europe. Yet, the administration has no problem flying Secretary Tillerson to Moscow to meet with Putin in April. This is no April Fools’ joke. Since when is the Kremlin more important than our NATO partners? Never. Several reports now say Trump’s former campaign chair, Paul Manafort, secretly worked for a Russian billionaire to advance Putin’s interests and undermine antiRussian opposition across Europe. This contradicts assertions by the Trump administration and Manafort that he never worked for Russian interests. Congress needs to get to the bottom of these shady connections, and Paul Manafort should testify to the House Intelligence Committee, under oath. Russia has consistently and unabashedly attempted to disrupt Democratic elections and promote propaganda in order to strengthen its own strategic interests. The Trump administration is pushing our Nation to the verge of a national security crisis. How much leverage does Putin have over Trump and his associates? Our great Nation can’t be their collateral damage. 
BRAIN INJURY AWARENESS DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today is Brain Injury Awareness Day, and I welcome those who are in Washington today to share their stories. This is near and dear to my heart. I spent nearly 30 years in healthcare rehabilitation services, and this was one of my areas of practice and expertise. I served as a board member for the Brain Injury Association of Pennsylvania, and I helped form a brain injury support group for the patients and their families that I served. The theme for this year’s campaign is ‘‘Not Alone.’’ This is a platform for educating the general public about the incidence of brain injury, and the needs of people with brain injuries and their families. The campaign also works to destigmatize the injury, empower those who have survived, and promote the many types of support that are available. The need to raise awareness is great: more than 3.5 million children and adults sustain an acquired brain injury each year, but the incidence is unknown. Mr. Speaker, everyone recovers at a different pace, but the support the patient receives can actually let them know that they are not alone in this fight. f 
OPPOSING AMERICANS LOSING THEIR HEALTH CARE (Mr. CRIST asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to 24 million Americans losing their health insurance, including 60,000 residents in my home of Pinellas County, Florida. Florida is the number one State with Affordable Care Act enrollments—number one. We stand to lose the most with this repeal. But what we are debating this week is far worse than just a repeal. It is how the new bill treats the least among us. Medicaid, which the poor and disabled depend on, would be devastated, leaving an estimated 3.5 million children and 720,000 disabled Americans without care. There are a lot of people here today in the Nation’s Capital in wheelchairs, trying to make this point to all of us. What could be more cruel than taking away health care for all of them? This is a misguided proposal. We must work together to improve health care, bring down costs, expand access, and protect the most vulnerable in our society. Mr. Speaker, people’s lives are on the line with this vote tomorrow. Let’s do the right thing. Reject this bill. 
TAKE YOUR CRIMINALS BACK OR LOSE VISAS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Florida Police Officer Andrew Widman was murdered, shot in the face while trying to resolve a dispute. His death was preventable, however. The murderer of Officer Widman was an illegal immigrant and convicted felon. He did not belong here. He should have been sent back home to his native country, Cuba, after he served his sentence, but Cuba would not take him back. Cuba is one of about 30 countries that refuse to take back their convicted citizens after they are legally ordered deported. Then, unfortunately, they are released back on our streets to commit more crimes. These days need to end. No more getoutofjailfree cards. There must be consequences to these nations that flaunt our laws. My bill, the Timely Repatriation Act, restricts diplomatic visas to countries that deny or delay the repatriation of a foreign national whose removal has been legally ordered. Take your criminals back or lose diplomatic visas. And that is just the way it is. f 
SALUTING UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE ACTION NETWORK (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute the Universal Health Care Action Network, also known as UHCAN, for their energy and advocacy to protect the Affordable Care Act. I was honored to join UHCAN in a town hall where we presented our message to men, women, families, and children from across central Ohio who were eager to organize. Do you know why? To save the health care for more than 22 million newly insured Americans, including nearly 1 million Ohioans, who gained coverage under the Affordable Care Act. We heard personal stories, stories from Laura, Mindy, Rachel, and Kevin Rhodes—who was my guest at the joint session of Congress right here—on how the Affordable Care Act was saving their lives. Mr. Speaker, yet, here we are tomorrow, on the seventh anniversary of the Affordable Care Act, preparing to repeal and replace it with Republican care; legislation which would push 24 million Americans off their healthcare coverage, and give massive tax breaks to 400 superwealthy families, while the rest of us, we pay more for less. Mr. Speaker, I join my constituents and Americans across the country who oppose Republican care. Join me tomorrow and say ‘‘no.’’ 
b1600 OPPOSE THE EFFORT TO REPEAL AND REPLACE (Mr. SWALWELL of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition of the effort to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. Simply, my constituents will be stuck paying more. And if they are not losing their coverage, they will know somebody who is going to lose their coverage. And if they are over the age of 50 and not on Medicare yet, they are going to suffer a very cruel age tax. I think not of politics when the President said some are going to pay a political price if they don’t support this, I think about what they are going to pay at the doctor’s office. John Cameron of Dublin, California, told me that, before the Affordable Care Act, he could not get the double hip surgery that he needed. Because of it, he was able to get it last week. We need hardworking smallbusiness owners like John to keep working and have affordable insurance. 
Mr. Speaker, when this President put his name on a casino, he left its workers in the dust. When he put his name on a university, he left its students out in the cold. And when he puts his name on this healthcare plan, TrumpCare, he is going to leave all of us sicker and poorer. 
ACCESS TO AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, 7 years ago today, President Barack Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law. Since then, the ACA has helped millions of Americans gain access to affordable healthcare insurance. We all know what is at stake in this Republican bill. It is a bill that actually has a big old tax in it called the age tax that makes our seniors pay more. In addition to that, it prohibits Medicaid reimbursement for Planned Parenthood, and Republicans are actively working hard to make access to reproductive care even tougher for lowincome women. Let me tell you this about Texas: In 2014, Planned Parenthood had 34 centers that served over 120,000 women. Additionally, these centers in my home State of Texas provided birth control to over 93,000 women, conducted over 134,000 STD tests, 16,000 pap smears, and 16,000 mammograms. These crucial services allow women across Texas to take control of their own health care and help them plan for a family when they are ready. Republicans claim that their replacement plan puts patients first, but limiting a woman’s ability to seek care when she seems fit directly contradicts that goal. 
COMPOUNDING DEVASTATING CUTS AND ACCESS TO HEALTH CARE (Mr. SUOZZI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Republicans’ American Health Care Act and specifically the provision that purports to shift billions of Medicaid costs from New York’s counties to the State. In addition to the AHCA’s age tax, increasing premiums, and millions losing their insurance, this provision will compound the devastating cuts and leave countless New Yorkers without access to health care while decimating New York State’s finances. This amendment requires the State to shoulder an additional $2.3 billion on top of the $1 billion cut proposed in the AHCA. Meanwhile, this proposal excludes New York City and only gives New York State 2 years to assume this burden. As a former mayor, county executive, and former chairman of the New York State Commission on Property Tax Relief, I understand that New York counties shoulder a larger share of the Medicaid burden than in any other State. Asking the State to relieve some of this burden from the counties that they bear from the Medicaid cost is a worthwhile idea that should be further explored, but in conjunction with State officials. The short turnaround time in the current proposal would cripple the State’s budget, resulting in catastrophic cuts, and leaves countless New Yorkers without access to health care. Additionally, marrying this proposal to the misguided Republican AHCA plan and excluding New York City prevents bipartisan cooperation. Rushing this amendment without debate or full consideration of the consequences and without a plan for implementation will negate any positives. I call upon my Republican colleagues to work in a bipartisan manner on this critical issue. f 
HEALTH MATTERS (Mr. CLEAVER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I spoke with a dynamic, impressive young woman, Maryn White, from Lee’s Summit, Missouri. Maryn is a 16yearold sophomore at Lee’s Summit West High School. When she was 10 years old, she was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis. Despite a lot of pain and a number of major surgeries, Maryn is active in her high school and is raising money for a cure. Maryn was the winner of the Dream Factory of Kansas City. Instead of going on a cruise ship or some tour to an exotic place, she came to Washington to talk to people who are about to vote on her health. She is absolutely infuriated that money is not going to the NIH to continue to do research for a cure. There are thousands of similar stories all over the country. This is not a political matter, this is a matter of life and death for people all over this country. Yes, I am saying that TrumpCare will make America ache again. 
FOCUS OUR ATTENTION ON MAKING A DIFFERENCE (Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, there was a television program some years ago that Monty Hall had: ‘‘Let’s Make a Deal.’’ Well, up in the Rules Committee, we are acting out a congressional version of ‘‘Let’s Make a Deal.’’ People aren’t dressing up like radishes and jumping up and down, but they are trying to contort the flawed Republican repeal of the Affordable Care Act into something that can somehow thread the needle and get votes through the House of Representatives. Well, Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate. This week we are commemorating the seventh anniversary of the passage of the Affordable Care Act. We don’t need costumes and jumping up and down. It has reduced the uninsured rate to the lowest in our history. It has strengthened rural and small town hospitals across the country. It has extended coverage to people who otherwise would not have it. Repeal of this amazing accomplishment would be unprecedented. It would be sad, and it would be wrong. I sincerely hope that we are going to be able to focus our attention on something that will make a difference, not forcing Americans to pay more for inferior coverage and deny it to many others. f 
OPPOSING TRUMPCARE (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak against TrumpCare. TrumpCare will take health insurance away from 24 million Americans. That is basically the amount of people that live in the State of Texas. For the lucky ones who don’t have their health care ripped away, TrumpCare forces families to pay increased outofpocket costs and higher deductibles and cuts the financial assistance they get today to afford their insurance. It has a crushing age tax. TrumpCare forces Americans who are aged 50 to 64 to pay premiums five times higher than younger people pay for health insurance. This, combined with a slash in financial assistance to help people pay for coverage, will literally mean that there will be people who now have to pay more for their premiums annually than they actually earn in a year. That is unacceptable. TrumpCare cuts Medicare and will shorten the life of the program by 3 years. It is hard to find someone this bill helps, but the people that it will hurt can be counted in the millions. I urge my colleagues to vote against this horrible plan and to work with us to expand access and lower cost. 
THE IMPACT OF TRUMPCARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Washington? There was no objection. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow we will be voting on the American Health Care Act. We are doing this in spite of the fact that we just found out that there is an even more dire and harsh plan. We still have not received the Congressional Budget Office’s estimates of what that plan will do, but we do know that TrumpCare will throw at least 24 million people off of their health care. Tonight, for the next hour, I am proud to help lead our Congressional Progressive Caucus Special Order hour with my distinguished members from the caucus. I yield to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ). Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, as the gentlewoman from New Jersey said, my colleagues and I will show and prove our true intentions in occupying our seats here in Congress. We will have the chance to stand with the 24 million Americans who have health coverage thanks to the Affordable Care Act or cosign billiondollar tax cuts to the wealthy. We will have the chance to reject the attacks on the health of women and older Americans or force Americans to pay more for less. We will have the chance to choose between what is best for all or what is best for some. We will choose between right and wrong. Changes to the current law proposed in the unAmerican Health Care Act, also known as TrumpCare, could result in cuts to benefits, increased costs, or reduced coverage for older Americans. According to the 2016 Medicare Trustees Report, the Medicare part A trust fund is solvent until 2028. This is 11 years longer than predicted in 2009, due in large part to the changes made in the ACA. Repealing the additional 0.9 percent payroll tax on highincome workers, as proposed in this new bill, would remove $117.3 billion from the Hospital Insurance Trust Fund over the next 10 years. It would hasten the insolvency of Medicare by up to 4 years and diminish Medicare’s ability to pay for services in the future. Additionally, provisions of the un American Health Care Act that create a per capita cap financing structure in the Medicaid program is equally dangerous. These provisions would endanger the health, safety, and care of millions of individuals who depend on the essential services provided through Medicaid. The CBO found that the bill would cut Medicaid funding by $880 billion over 2017 to 2026. Medicare and Medicaid must be protected and strengthened for older Americans and future generations. Any healthcare legislation presented must take into consideration future generations of men and women who will take our seats in this Chamber, future generations that will produce our first woman President, future generations of women that hopefully will not have to fight against men meddling in their healthcare decisions. This bill is a war on women, and, quite frankly, there is nothing prolife about it. This bill attacks women’s access to reproductive health care from every angle, undermining not just contraception access and abortion coverage, but also making it much harder for women to receive maternity coverage when they do give birth. The abortion rate is at a historic low, and most analysts say the principal reason is that the ACA made contraception cheaper and easier to obtain. The CBO report was allencompassing, but most strikingly pointed out a provision that would undermine Planned Parenthood, a critical provider for women’s health care. b1615 This provision would bar women on Medicaid from using their coverage to go to Planned Parenthood, immediately resulting in many of these women losing access to contraception and leading to closing of clinics nationwide. The CBO estimated that 15 percent of women living in lowincome and otherwise underserved areas would lose their access to services to prevent pregnancy. In short, local access to reproductive health care dries up. In short, this is unacceptable. Just as I opened, I am going to close. Tomorrow my colleagues and I will show and prove our true intentions in occupying our seats here in Congress. We will have the chance to stand with the 24 million Americans who have healthcare coverage thanks to the Affordable Care Act, or cosign billiondollar tax cuts to the wealthy as proposed under the Trump healthcare bill. We will have the chance to reject the attacks on the health of women and the working families or force Americans to pay far more for far less, and we will have the chance to choose between what is best for all or what is best for some. Tomorrow, with the votes cast on this bill, we will get the chance to choose between right and wrong. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN for her excellent statement. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to yield to the distinguished gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. In a very short number of weeks here in Congress, she has already made her mark as a passionate advocate not only for her State, but in this important fight to protect access to affordable, quality health care, and she has been an extraordinary member of the Judiciary Committee. It has been an honor to serve with her, and I thank her for yielding and thank her for her great leadership. Mr. Speaker, we are here to continue our fight to protect access to quality, affordable health care and to defeat TrumpCare. TrumpCare will produce higher costs for our constituents, forcing families to pay higher premiums, higher deductibles, and higher outofpocket expenses. It also will provide less Americans coverage. According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, 24 million Americans will lose their health insurance when TrumpCare becomes law. Thirdly, it imposes a crushing age tax. TrumpCare allows individuals age 50 to 64 to pay premiums five times higher than others pay for health care, no matter how healthy they are. It is higher premiums, higher deductibles, higher outofpocket expenses, 24 million people will lose insurance, older people will pay an age tax. And TrumpCare, in addition to all of those terrible things, shortens the life of the Medicare trust fund by 3 years and ransacks the funds that seniors depend on, particularly, to get their longterm care. And finally, the best estimates are that it will destroy nearly 2 million jobs in this country if passed. So why is this happening? Why would someone construct a bill that does this? Well, in large part, it is to finance an extraordinarily big tax cut, a tax cut for the wealthiest people in this country. The richest 400 families will receive a tax cut, each, of about $7 million. Then there are tax cuts for drug companies, insurance company CEOs. And to finance this tax cut, which totals $600 billion over the decade, in order to finance that, this bill robs 24 million Americans of health insurance, cheats seniors out of the care that they deserve in nursing homes, imposes higher premiums and higher deductibles on working families, and imposes a crushing age tax on older Americans. This is wrong. And, you know, the President ran on a campaign of helping working people and being for the middle class. This piece of legislation is a gift to the richest people in this country and the most powerful special interests and a betrayal of the promise to work for middle class and working families. I want to end, with the indulgence of the gentlewoman from Washington, you know, we talk about these numbers, and they are staggering: 24 million, $600 billion. Behind each of those numbers are real people whose lives will be affected by TrumpCare and by the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, individuals whose lives will be devastated, families who will be ruined because they no longer have access to the care that they need. In the richest, most powerful country in the world, this does not have to be the case, and I want to give you two examples. Just this week I heard from Sara from, Woonsocket, Rhode Island. She wrote to me: 
I am writing to you to encourage you to vote against the American Health Care Act proposed by Paul Ryan and the Republican Party. My brother has developmental disabilities and relies on Medicaid for insurance. Experts who have reviewed this bill have determined that it will ultimately cut funding for people like my brother, but the working class in this country cannot afford the burden that this bill would impose. And the wealthiest among us do not need any more handouts from the Federal Government. Please vote against this bill. 
I had correspondence, again, with another constituent, who talks about the important services that the ACA provided to her family. She was heartbroken at the death of her son Anthony who passed away on August 9 due to an overdose, and she describes Anthony as a compassionate and deep person who, unfortunately, like many Americans, suffered from severe anxiety and depression. To deal with his condition, he started selfmedicating with prescription drugs. After returning home from a sober house, he, unfortunately, relapsed and took some designer drugs that he had ordered online, causing him to overdoes. She called me just this week. Anthony’s sister Cara also suffers from anxiety and depression, in part because of the posttraumatic stress disorder that she suffered after discovering her brother who had died. Thanks to the ACA, she is able to receive coverage for critical mental health services since her mother doesn’t have coverage through her employer. Like many of my constituents, Cara relies on the coverage she has gained, and she writes: 
I am worried for my future without my support system. The discontinuation of coverage would be detrimental to our efforts to combat mental health disorders and the opioid epidemic which continues to plague families and has been such a support to my family. 
These are just two examples. We have millions of examples all across this country of people whose lives have been protected and saved and helped because of access to quality, affordable health care. This will undo all of that progress. We have to do everything we can to stop it. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for leading this Special Order hour tonight so we can continue to make sure the voices of the American people are heard and we defeat TrumpCare and protect access to affordable, quality health care in this country. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Rhode Island for his incredible leadership on so many issues and for reminding us again that 24 million is just a number, but behind that number are all of the people and all of the stories that will be impacted. Mr. Speaker, now it is my great honor to yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. JUDY CHU), my good friend, the chair of the Asian Pacific American Caucus here in the House. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my strong opposition to the American Health Care Act, or TrumpCare. TrumpCare would result in 24 million people losing healthcare coverage. In my Pasadena, California, district, nearly 70,000 people will lose coverage. In Los Angeles County, about 1 million people will lose the coverage they have through Medicaid expansion. Worst of all, this bill would result in skyrocketing healthcare costs, especially for older Americans. It would hurt people like my constituent Patty from Claremont. Patty is 62 and never had to worry about health care because her husband was a union member with a good job, but in one moment, Patty’s life was turned upside down. Last September, Patty’s husband passed away, suddenly. In the blink of an eye, Patty was forced to find new insurance for herself and her 20year old son who suffers from a preexisting condition. She couldn’t afford COBRA and is a few years away from being eligible for Medicare. Well, thank goodness the ACA came along and she was finally able to get affordable healthcare insurance. She was so relieved. But what will happen to Patty’s insurance under TrumpCare? We only have to look at the CBO’s estimate that a 64yearold making $26,500 a year could see their health insurance premiums skyrocket from $1,700 a year to $14,600. That amounts to over half their income. For Patty, these changes could mean thousands in outofpocket expenses for her hypertension medication, which she needs to take consistently or face lifethreatening consequences. Patty would face a situation that so many older Americans would face: premiums that would rise by 20 to 25 percent by 2026. The premiums rise because, in this bill, the GOP created an age tax which allows older Americans to be charged five times more than younger Americans. Now, in this bill, there is no concrete plan to help older Americans like Patty deal with the rising cost of premiums under TrumpCare. And certainly nothing in this bill will address the enormous deductibles or outof pocket costs that they will face if insurance companies can once again offer substandard plans with limited benefits. You know, so many people like Patty are just one accident away from losing coverage. Why is she and 24 million other Americans going to suffer so that, in this bill, health insurance executives earning over $500,000 can get a tax break? so that the wealthy can get $600 billion wealthier? so that 400 of the Nation’s richest families can get a $7 million tax cut every year? You know, the term ‘‘coverage loss’’ isn’t some political tool. It has real lifethreatening consequences for people of all ages and incomes across the country. The bill before us today has been crafted behind closed doors. We have had no hearings on this legislation, and Republicans have not accepted a single Democratic amendment to the bill. There are just too many American lives at stake. I urge my colleagues to oppose TrumpCare. Ms. JAYAPAL. I thank the gentlewoman from California. Now it is my tremendous honor to introduce and yield to the cochair of the Progressive Caucus, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ), a dear friend and somebody that has been on the streets and been a leader on so many issues, from immigration reform to healthcare. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for not only managing the time, but her leadership and great work in Congress. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about the millions of Americans who will suffer under this oxymoron called TrumpCare. This bill will result in higher costs and less coverage for hardworking Americans, especially the poor and the elderly. The only winners in this bill are the wealthy who are getting their $600 billion tax cut. Earlier this week, an official with the American College of Physicians put it best when he said: 
In 38 years of advocating for doctors and patients, I have never seen a bill that will do more harm than the AHCA. 
This is a powerful statement. You know, Mr. Speaker, what I can’t figure out is what problem this bill is trying to solve. If the Republicans were looking to cover fewer people, make insurance more expensive, and give tax cuts to the rich, then I guess this Republican bill is the answer. Let’s take a quick look at what this bill does or, as my Republican colleagues refer to it, promises kept. First and foremost, 24 million Americans are going to lose coverage. Let me repeat that, 24 million. That is not only unacceptable, it is cruel. And even for those lucky enough not to lose coverage, things are not going to be very good. Under the Republican healthcare scheme, older Americans will be paying five times more. In what world does anyone think that it is a good idea to make health care even more expensive for the elderly? This is one of those crazy but true things about this bill. So this is what the GOP calls promises kept. Well, let’s take a moment to remember what promises were actually made. In an interview with ‘‘60 Minutes’’ in 2015, President Trump promised: 
Everybody is going to be covered. I am going to take care of everybody. I don’t care if it costs me votes or not, everybody is going to be taken care of much better than they are being taken care of now. 
Then just 2 days before the election, Trump went to Sioux City, Iowa, and said: 
I am going to protect and save your Social Security and your Medicare. You made a deal a long, long time ago. 
b1630 So how does this repeal bill stack up with those promises? Premiums will spike 750 percent with far fewer tax credits to help shoulder that burden; 30 million Americans with preexisting conditions would lose the certainty of coverage they have enjoyed under ObamaCare; Medicare will be slashed by $170 billion; Medicaid will be cut 25 percent. That is $880 billion being ripped away from the most vulnerable Americans, resulting in 14 million people losing coverage immediately. So who wins here with TrumpCare? The rich, who will reap $600 billion in tax cuts at the expense of medical treatment for the most vulnerable and working folks in this country; Big Pharma is a winner who can now look forward to more obscene profits and less oversight; and, of course, the private health insurance companies, who, once again, will be in total charge of America’s health care. Who loses? Hardworking, regular folks who simply can’t afford to underwrite a tax cut for the rich at the expense of their health. Take my constituent, Shawn, for example. He wrote me to share his ACA story. In 2006, Shawn was diagnosed with HIV and a rare heart condition, and his premiums skyrocketed from $123 a month in 2005, all the way up to $1,473 a month in 2012. That is an average increase of between 35 and 40 percent per year. At the same time, his deductible climbed to $2,900, meaning his insurance wouldn’t offer him a dime until he coughed up nearly $3,000 first. When ObamaCare kicked in in 2014, Shawn had at least a dozen plans to choose from. He selected a platinum plan which delivered better coverage than he previously had for only half the price that he had previously been paying. Let me repeat: because of ObamaCare, Shawn started paying half the price for a better plan. How was it better? As Shawn put it, he no longer faced lifetime caps; he had free wellness visits included in his coverage; instead of a nearly $3,000 deductible, he now had just a small copay. If the ACA is repealed, Shawn will be uninsured for the first time in his life. For the first time in 54 years, Shawn will be forced to pay out of his own pocket for lifesaving medications. His HIV medications alone cost nearly $30,000 per year—that is three times as much as he pays right now for all of his medical expenses. If he is hospitalized for his heart condition—which has occurred already twice—he will incur tens of thousands of dollars in additional charges. In short, under the Republican’s healthcare scheme, Shawn will be financially ruined. Mr. Speaker, this is utterly unacceptable. The American people deserve access to affordable, accessible, and high quality health care. TrumpCare achieves the opposite. It is a bad deal and a threat to the wellbeing of our Nation and our people. Beyond that, it is shameful and inhumane. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose TrumpCare in its entirety and vote it down tomorrow. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative GRIJALVA . I am so proud to introduce my colleague from Massachusetts, Representative JOEKENNEDY . Two weeks ago, during the Energy and Commerce markup on TrumpCare, the gentleman actually forced Republican lawmakers to admit that the bill—their bill, the TrumpCare bill— would not guarantee essential healthcare benefits for the millions who are covered under Medicaid expansion, and, later, the gentleman went on to give an incredibly compelling speech about this bill not being an act of mercy but being an act of malice. I hope that the gentleman is now going to tell the American people exactly why he said what he did. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the State of Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ). Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague for adding her voice on such an important issue before our country today and for leading our efforts here this afternoon on the House floor. There are an awful lot of important components to this bill that we are debating now and that will supposedly come before us tomorrow afternoon. One of the critical pieces of it is how we are going to treat people suffering from mental illness. Now, the bill itself does a number of things across insurance marketplaces and across Medicaid and Medicaid expansion, but I think it is critically important that we look at this through the framework of what health care is supposed to be all about. Health care, at least from my understanding, boils down to one simple principle. It is how we treat each other in our time of need and this commitment that we make as a country to each other, that, yes, I care about you and your family and want to make sure that you get the care that you need when you need it. Because with health care, at some point, I am going to need that same care as well: a loved one of mine, my children, my family members, and I hope that you would be there for me the same way that I would be there for you. So if you look at this bill through that prism, one of the pieces that stands out is the fact that, for the Medicaid expansion population, about 11 million people across our country, this bill strips what is called the essential healthcare benefits from those 11 million people. Now, that is a bureaucratic term, but it means some of the most basic aspects of health care: maternal care and newborn care, preventive services, wellness, ambulatory care, and, yes, mental health services and addiction, behavioral health. So what does that actually mean? It means that because of existing legislation, the Federal law, mental health parity, which says that if mental health benefits are, in fact, offered as part of a healthcare package, insurance package, that it has to be offered in the same way that physical health care is. You should treat your access to behavioral health care the same way we would treat access to health care if you needed cancer treatment or a broken leg. But the mental health parity law does not require mental health benefits to be offered at all. The Affordable Care Act, however, says that in order for a plan to be qualified, it does have to offer an essential health benefits package, included in that being access to mental health care. So those two laws together work in tandem to have created a massive increase in access to behavioral health and mental health services, including, critically for the moment that we are in our country, access to opioid treatment. What this bill does is strip those essential benefits, including access to addiction services and mental health care, from that essential benefits package and says to the States: Good luck, you can pay for them if you want to, providing nowhere near the sufficient funding to cover all of the demands that our Republican colleague says the funding will be there for. Now, to make matters even more convoluted in this, it was clear, during the debate in our committee 2 weeks ago for 28 straight hours, that some of our colleagues actually thought these protections were maintained when we pointed out that, in fact, they were stripped. There was then a different version of this bill that was brought forth for consideration called the manager’s amendment. That manager’s amendment happened to reinstate those benefits, which was great, and I applaud my Republican colleagues for doing so, aside from the fact that they then realized that they included those benefits and they offered an amendment to strip them back out, just in the past 36 hours, recognizing that there was a bill that they thought offered these benefits—the package of essential health benefits—for 11 million people to begin with, they found out that it didn’t, in fact, offer it; they fixed it and put them back in a bill, realized they did it inadvertently and took it out again and are now laying that bill supposedly before our consideration tomorrow. If health care is, in fact, that commitment we make to each other in our time of need, how does this bill answer that question? The average cost of a birth in this country is roughly $10,000. Medicaid itself pays for half of the births in our Nation. Maternal care and newborn care are covered under the essential health benefits, but not anymore for the Medicaid expansion population. For that population, having a child could very literally bring you to bankruptcy. That is the bill that this Republican Congress is putting forward for your consideration tomorrow. 
That is one of the many reasons why I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative KENNEDY so much. As the gentleman was talking, I was thinking about the simple rule that we are all better off when we are all better off. I appreciate everything that you just said. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor for me to yield to the gentleman from the great State of Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ). Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for that introduction. I want to thank my colleagues for presenting their profound thoughts on this most important legislation that we will consider tomorrow. The simple truth is that what this bill does is it removes 24 million people and takes them away from having affordable health care and health insurance, while, at the same time, giving $600 billion in tax cuts for the richest people in America. Some pundits have described it as one of the biggest transfers of wealth and travesties perpetuated upon the American people in American history. I am calling upon the Republicans here in this Chamber and President Trump to withdraw this legislation, sit down in a bipartisan way—the way this Congress operated for several hundred years under open rules—and see what we can do to fix what is wrong with the American healthcare system, not do away with it and scrap it in the devastating manner that they have chosen to do so. The simple truth is, as I said, this guts Medicaid, and it guts health care. Under this $600 billion tax break, think about it, if you make $1 million a year, every year you are going to get a $67,000 a year tax cut. Imagine that. That is more money than the average person makes in America in a year, and they are going to get that every year going forward in perpetuity, while we are saying to a young family who is struggling maybe because someone in the family has cancer or maybe somebody got hurt or injured in an accident, oh, that is going to cost too much money to insure you, you are one of the 24 million who we are getting rid of. What kind of a country is it that would do something like that? My colleague, Mr. KENNEDY , I thought, stated it so well. We are all in this together. That is what insurance does. Life is perilous at best. We don’t know who is going to get sick. We don’t know who is going to have an accident. It may be when you are elderly; it may be when you are young. That is what health care and health insurance is all about, coming together and making sure that we all are cared for and get the care that we need when we need it. Senator KENNEDY talked about preventive care. If you can catch prostate cancer or if you can catch lung cancer at a stage I or a stage II level, you save a life. But you have to have insurance to go do that and see your doctor. If you don’t have insurance, guess what? You don’t get a diagnosis until it is at the third or fourth stage level, at which point it is too late, costs tremendous amounts of money to treat, and, most likely, the prospects for survival are not good. Mr. Speaker, I call on the President and my colleagues, please, the President in particular, honor the promise that you made to the American people in your campaign which resonated with enough people to get you elected President of the United States. Stand up for the elderly, stand up for urban and rural, stand up for all Americans, stand up for rural communities, and rural hospitals. Do the right thing, and let’s open this process up so we can fix what needs fixing and stop this devastating attack by repealing and socalled replacing the Affordable Care Act. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the good gentleman from Minnesota for his tremendous work and for his words. As the gentleman spoke, I think about all the names that we could call this bill that is before us. We can call it TrumpCare, we can call it the pay more get less bill, and we can call it the broken promises bill. But I think what the gentleman’s words have shown us is that this is a bill that is going to deeply affect 24 million Americans across the country and tear them off of their health care, and that is just not acceptable. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ). It is a great honor to introduce my colleague who is a champion for so many issues. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Washington. Mr. Speaker, after 7 years of demanding repeal and replace, the very best that the GOP could do was to put forward a bill to eliminate health care for 24 million Americans. Under TrumpCare, over 44,000 residents in my district will lose health care completely. b1645 I want to talk about a different population that we don’t address as often. Many of these residents are veterans and their families. Paralyzed Veterans of America today reminded me that today many vets rely on Medicaid for their health care. TrumpCare undermines the safety net for our veterans and their dependents and their caregivers. According to PVA, the total number of veterans without insurance dropped very sharply in recent years, yet TrumpCare cuts more than $800 billion from the Medicaid program, which many veterans and our military families turn to for care. Worse, in their rush to rip health insurance away from tens of millions of Americans, the manager’s amendment to TrumpCare could deny tax credits to millions of military veterans. Mr. Speaker, veterans are among those that TrumpCare would hurt. There are thousands of veterans in my district and thousands of veterans in every district across our great country. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle should think long and hard before they take this critical, lifesaving care away from those who need it most: our veterans who have served our country so bravely and so patriotically and whom we have made a solemn promise to. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), my colleague on both the Judiciary Committee and Budget Committee and a champion for people of color and folks across this country. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to join the Congressional Progressive Caucus, on which I serve as a vice chair. I remember this experience less than a decade ago when we worked so hard to have the Affordable Care Act. For many, you are seeing this poster for the first time. I think I need to give you a little journey down memory lane as we talk about why we are so vigorously opposing what would seem to be new and fresh ideas. First of all, let me say the good thing about the Affordable Care Act is that it is not a respecter of economic standing as relates to the benefits of health insurance. We were able to grant every American the right to have insurance that did not penalize you for being a woman, penalize you for having a preexisting condition. In fact, it did lower premiums. We realize that in certain areas that is one of the beginning aspects of a bill that is only 7 years old, but one of the important points is that we have given you insurance that has more benefits than it ever had 10 years ago, 15 years ago. More importantly, working people who happen to be of low income and who are no less able or dignified or equal in this Nation now have insurance. It is insurance. The underpinning of it is Medicaid, but it is insurance. It allows families, pregnant women, and children to have insurance, people who are working. Then, on the other side, it has help for the blind, the disabled, as well for those in nursing homes. Remember, people in nursing homes have worked. We give them the ability to live in dignity. Unfortunately, to the contrary, what I am seeing now, just coming out of the Cloakroom, is a hustle and bustle of negotiations and meetings, going in and out of meetings, going to the White House, trying to corral these last votes. Some of these individuals want it to be made worse, and they are holding their ground. But I tell you what is missing in all of this. What is missing is that what we did almost 10 years ago was have hundreds, maybe thousands, of hearings or townhall meetings in our districts. We had 79 bipartisan hearings in the House, 453 hearings in the Senate. In the House, we had over 181 witnesses 
and 239 considered amendments. We believed in listening to the American people, many of whom did not understand, but we wanted to get it out. In the dark of night, this bill has come. There are amendments coming by the day. I will be leaving here and going to the Rules Committee to try to understand what is in the bill. To the American people, what you can clearly see that is in the bill right now is that we are paying more for less. You are getting $880 billion taken out of the Medicaid that is used to keep people whole after they have worked—those in nursing homes, the blind, the disabled, or other things that may have occurred—as well as those who are taking care of children and who are pregnant women. Twentyfour million will lose their insurance right now, today, as that bill is passed. Overall, in 2026, 52 million Americans will be uninsured. You can’t be plainer than that. Then what saddens me the most, besides the $880 billion coming out of your insurance, they give a $600 billion tax cut to 1 percent of the richest Americans, whom I would venture to say, getting $57,000 per family, they would say to you: Take it back and help all of America. The age tax, if you are 50 to 64, you are paying a penalty—not 85, but 50 to 64. They can’t get rid of that. How are you going to pass a bill that penalizes? I have indicated about $880 billion for Medicaid. Then, of course, the tax relief for people who do not want it. I say that your patriotism today is letting this see the light of day. Let’s debate it and discuss it. Let’s talk to States like Kentucky and West Virginia and those States that have taken expanded Medicaid. Let’s talk to families, like I have just done today, with children who are only being taken care of with their catastrophic illnesses, with smiles on their face, and homebound, because they have Medicaid as their insurance. That is why we oppose the TrumpCare bill. No matter how many backdoor meetings President 45 can take care of—I wish, maybe, it started earlier, before he attacked President Obama. But, in any event, with all of these meetings, we are still at a point where we don’t know what the bill is doing for people that is good, but we do know what it is taking away from people. I just ask that we stop and do this right to save lives. I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for the excellent job she is doing in leading this Special Order. I don’t know about you, but the uninsured in my district are down to 3.8 percent. If you think I am going to let the Republicans take away near universal health care from my district, the District of Columbia, without a fight, just watch me, and watch my colleagues. We had a healthcare townhall. Unlike some of the townhalls of my colleagues, there were not people jumping up saying: Why are you taking away my health care? Instead, they were people like Debbie. Debbie is a lifetime sufferer of asthma. She also has diabetes. She reached her cap. That meant that the medicine she was on, which cost $10,000 a month, would have to be paid by her. She worked every day. How many of you— how many of us—could pay $10,000 a month, no matter what job we have? That, along with her diabetes, makes her a paradigm of the kind of person whose life and death depends on this bill. I want to just say a few words not about all of the important information you have had, but about what I call the worst of the worst. First, let me congratulate my Republican colleagues on doubling down on the number without health care because you double the number without health care. As we are rising with the number who have health care, you now turn downward. We can’t possibly live with that, and I don’t think the American people will allow you to get away with it. I think about our hospitals, and people say: Why should we pay any attention to the hospitals? Well, when we get back in the era of uncompensated care, what you will have is the Federal Government will never compensate your hospital, so you will compensate your hospital. We are back in the era of free health care, except there is no such thing as free health care. You and I will be paying for it out of our pockets. What they do to the tax credits is shameful. Flat tax credits, unrelated to the costs, replace the kind of tax credits we have in the Affordable Care Act, which are just, as you might expect, up and down according to the value of insurance. What good is a flat tax credit unrelated to the cost of insurance or to your income? Do my Republican colleagues really think they are going to fool anybody with those kinds of replacements? What is perhaps worst of the worst is the work requirement. You get sick, you can’t afford to work, you have got to be on the Affordable Care Act, and you need Medicaid in order to do it. They tell you that you have got to go to work in order to—while you are sick, I guess—get your Medicaid. Get sick, go to work, and qualify for health care under the Republican plan. Those are just some of the worst of the worst. I have got a whole list here, but I thought it important to focus on who gets hurt and why, and why we are simply not going to let that happen. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, Ms. NORTON is right: the uninsured rate in my home State of Washington got cut more than half. So we are down to not quite as low as you, but 5.6, I think now, compared to over 13 percent before the Affordable Care Act. I often get to cochair this Special Order hour with my good friend, a brilliant colleague. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from great State of Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman JAYAPAL for her leadership on this Special Order. I think the message is getting through to the American people: 24 million of us are about to lose health care if this legislation goes through. In my home State of Maryland, 375,000 people are estimated to be on the chopping block in terms of their health insurance. In my district, the Eighth Congressional District—Montgomery, Frederick, and Carroll Counties—we could have 75,000 or 80,000 people lose their health care. We were able to cut the uninsured rate in half with passage of the Affordable Care Act 7 years ago, and now they want to turn the clock back and take us in exactly the wrong direction. If a foreign power like Russia, for example, tried to throw 24 million Americans off of their health care, we would consider it an act of sabotage, aggression, and war, but this is something that is happening inside the country. Nobody knows why they want to do that to older people with this age tax, why they want to do it to children, to people who have special health needs, to the sick. It is also getting through that there is going to be $600 billion that travels upwards in America through a tax break to the wealthiest Americans. That is $600 billion that is moving upwards. This is not a healthcare plan, primarily. It is a wealth transfer plan, while we toss millions of our cocitizens to the curbside. Seven years ago, we passed the Affordable Care Act. Millions of Americans have gotten health care for the first time, dramatically improving public health in lots of different ways, making sure that people could not be denied insurance coverage because of a preexisting condition, making sure that people in their twenties could stay on their parents’ plan, ending lifetime insurance limits, ending annual limits, requiring insurance plans to pay for preventive services like flu shots and cancer screenings and mammograms, dramatically improving the public health. This has been a great success. Tom Paine once said you cannot ‘‘make a man unknow his knowledge, or unthink his thoughts.’’ The American people know that we have made dramatic progress under the Affordable Care Act. We need to be moving more in the direction of covering more people and improving quality and reducing people’s premiums and copays and deductibles. This legislation, the repeal nightmare, goes in exactly the wrong direction. It jacks up everybody’s premiums, increases the copays and 
deductibles, while throwing millions of people to the sidelines. b1700 I want to make one final point, which is the message has gotten through. The public opinion polls are showing that the American people are turning sharply against this terrible repeal plan, which means here in Congress the organizers of the plan are getting increasingly desperate, and they are making deals. One of the deals that they have made with some upstate Republicans apparently is colloquially known around here as the Buffalo bribe or the Kinderhook kickback or the Hudson hustle. Someone called it today the Empire State enticement or simply Niagara calls. There are some Republicans in upstate New York who are very nervous about voting for this bill, so what they have extracted is a promise, a very special provision that doesn’t apply to the other 49 States. It applies only in New York, and it would say that New York State alone cannot assess its counties to participate financially in the Medicaid system. There are lots of other States that do it, but only New York could not do it. It could not assess the counties, except it could assess any jurisdiction with more than 5 million people. Gee, what do you think that is? Maybe New York City. Now, the problem with this other than it being sordid and unseemly— this Buffalo bribery, this Hudson hustle—is that it is unconstitutional because the Federal Government can try to persuade States to do something by offering money, but it cannot extract a concession through coercion, and it cannot treat one State differently from every other State. It violates the principle of equal sovereignty. I would just say, Congresswoman JAYAPAL , this legislation is not only reactionary, taking us back to a past nobody wants to go back to, and not only dangerous, but it is also unconstitutional because of the Buffalo bribe that is built into it. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, once again, it looks like we need to school our colleagues on the Constitution. I thank Mr. RASKIN for consistently doing that. Now it is a great honor to yield to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ), the dean of the congressional delegation, a champion for women and families, paid leave, and health care across our country. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I am so honored to join my colleagues here tonight. I thank the gentlewoman for taking the lead in this effort. There really is such an urgency to this debate and to what is happening on the floor of this House. I rise to voice my opposition to the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, but the urgency of the debate is because tomorrow, in this Chamber, in the people’s House, House Republicans are prepared to vote on a healthcare plan which is supported by President Trump and by Speaker PAULRYAN. What is at stake on this vote tomorrow in this House? What happens to people in this country with this vote tomorrow? There is real clarity here. We will see families pay higher premiums and higher deductibles. This plan will increase outofpocket costs to working Americans. In addition to that, older Americans will be faced with what has been described as an age tax. Those Americans who are 50 to 64 years old will pay premiums five times higher than what others pay for health coverage, no matter how healthy they are. There will be less coverage because we are going to take away health care for 24 million hardworking Americans. And for older Americans, once again, something that they rely on in terms of healthcare coverage is what happens to Medicare. Well, Medicare and the trust fund for Medicare will have a shortened life by 2 or 3 years because it takes $170 billion from the Medicare trust fund. To do what? What does all of this mean? Who benefits from this legislation that my Republican colleagues want to pass tomorrow and who are strongarming their own Members to vote for it? Who benefits? Don’t take my word for it, but the Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that two of the tax breaks in the repeal bill will give a $275 billion tax cut to individuals with incomes over $200,000; $190 billion in tax cuts for insurance companies and drug companies who are making a fortune, for medical device manufacturers who are making a fortune. And so what is the balance? It is working Americans, older Americans who are going to pay increased costs for premiums and deductibles, and the wealthiest corporations and individuals are going to get a $600 billion tax cut. I will make one final comment because this is where the values of this Nation come into play, and when you think about a young woman in my district, Mnikesa Whitaker. She is 36 years old. She has an autoimmune disease known as scleroderma. She cannot breathe without an oxygen tank. She cannot work any longer at 36 years old. What she says to me is, without the Affordable Care Act, each day is one day less in her life. We cannot let the Mnikesa Whitakers all over this Nation down in order to be able to take care of tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans and increase the costs to working Americans and older Americans. We have an opportunity to say no tomorrow and defeat this Republican healthcare plan supported by the President and the Speaker of this House, which will only do great damage to the health care of the people of this great Nation. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good colleague from Connecticut so much for that incredibly compelling testimony of why we cannot let this bill pass. Let me summarize what you heard in this last hour from Members across our country who are terrified. Frankly, this plan—TrumpCare, the pay more get less plan, the broken promises plan—might actually pass. We have to make sure that it does not pass. So, in summary, TrumpCare strips healthcare coverage from 24 million Americans. It cuts $880 billion—that is almost a trillion dollars—from Medicaid expansion, and it gives $600 billion in tax breaks to the wealthiest Americans and corporations while cutting benefits for seniors, working families, and the most vulnerable among us. Frankly, we don’t know everything it does because there have been amendments after amendments that have been passed today. We still don’t know what the full impact of this bill is, yet they are pushing through a vote tomorrow if they can get enough votes to pass it. TrumpCare is going to raise the cost of health care by about $14,000 for those between the ages of 50 and 64. That is the age tax you have heard about on the floor tonight. And it is going to raise premiums for almost everyone. It puts a 30 percent penalty for getting health care to anyone who suffers any kind of a catastrophic event that throws you off of health care. If you lose your job and somehow you end up without health care for a couple months, you are going to have to pay 30 percent more in order to get your health care back. You heard from Representative KENNEDY about mental health, you heard from Representative ELEANOR HOLMES  NORTON about work requirements, and that is just a piece of what this TrumpCare bill does. Tomorrow I will join my Democratic colleagues and hopefully enough Republican colleagues who know that our job is to make sure we provide health care for everyone across this country. Tomorrow I will vote ‘‘no’’ for the 24 million people who will lose their coverage. I will vote ‘‘no’’ for the almost 15 million people who will lose their coverage under Medicaid expansion alone. I will vote ‘‘no’’ for the millions of lowincome women who rely on services from Planned Parenthood. I will vote ‘‘no’’ for the tens of thousands of people who will literally die each year if the Republicans succeed in repealing the health care that we have now. Let’s be clear that the Republican majority has been passing legislation and voting to repeal the Affordable Care Act for 7 years, yet they could not come up with a plan that would, in fact, do what they promised, which is to make sure that we are covering more Americans at lower prices. As my friend, Representative RASKIN , said, this is not a healthcare plan. A 
healthcare plan would cover more people. This is a tax plan to take the benefits that working families were receiving on healthcare coverage across the country and convert it into tax benefits for the wealthiest, $600 billion in tax benefits. People around the country are calling in to say if you care about the American people and if you care about providing health care for all of us, this is a bad plan, you should not vote for it. And Republicans are hopefully listening to constituents across the country, to their Governors in Republican States, Republican Governors who have said how much Medicaid expansion has helped their States. They have asked and pleaded for people to keep what we have; to make it better, yes, but not to strip $880 billion away. Just recently, PAUL RYAN, the Speaker of our House, was quoted as saying that he has been dreaming about yanking health care away from the people who need it the most since he was ‘‘drinking at a keg.’’ This is what he said: ‘‘So Medicaid, sending it back to the states, capping its growth rate, we’ve been dreaming of this since I have been around—since you and I were drinking at the keg. . . .’’ Well, I don’t know what he was thinking about when he was drinking at the keg, but I can tell you that what we have been dreaming about as Democrats, as people who care about the health care of people across this country is that we cover people, that we don’t put anyone in a position where they are one healthcare crisis away from bankruptcy, that we make sure that kids can get asthma inhalers, that we make sure that grandma and grandpa can go into the nursing home and get the care that they need. If we pass this bill tomorrow, those grandparents are not going to have the care that they need. Nursing homes are going to shut down. We are going to take away jobs from rural areas, rural hospitals across this country. Mr. Speaker, today, as we close this Progressive Caucus Special Order hour, I say to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle that I believe we all have the interests of the American people at heart, and if we do, then I hope we will stop this TrumpCare bill from moving forward tomorrow. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
CONGRESSIONAL TERM LIMITS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MARSHALL ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLA GHER ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I was back in Green Bay, Wisconsin, the past week. Someone asked me: What is the biggest surprise you have encountered since being in Congress? I said: I will give you a negative surprise and a positive surprise. The negative surprise was how much of our time is spent here in Congress doing things that really, in my opinion, have nothing to do with the hard task of legislating, running around to an endless series of meetings that distract us from the hard work of the floor of coming together and fixing problems. I said: But on the positive side, I have been blown away by the quality of talent, the commitment to service, and just the incredible collection of experiences we have in the freshman class of the 115th Congress—on both sides of the aisle, by the way. I think we have a unique opportunity to seize this moment and send a message to our citizens back home that we are ready to change politics as usual and we are ready to work together to get things done. So today we would like to speak about that in general and in particular about term limits, an idea whose time has come. In my 10 years in the Marine Corps and during two deployments to Iraq, I saw brave young men and women from across this country working together, doing whatever it took to accomplish the very difficult mission. b1715 I would submit that our constituents from across the country sent us here to accomplish a very difficult mission. They sent us here not to treat our time here as a career, but rather like a deployment, an act with a sense of urgency to get things done. And, my gosh, do we have a list of problems that we need to fix. Our healthcare system in this country has failed the American people, the Federal debt and deficit continue to balloon, taxes are driving out businesses and jobs, and our foreign policy is in shambles right now. These issues aren’t new, yet they never seem to get fixed. Why is that? Well, I would argue because Washington isn’t working for the American people. The people’s House has become distracted and distorted from its original intention. It is up to us—the new Members of Congress—to fix that and restore the balance that the Founders and the Framers had in mind—the concept of the citizen legislator—people from all walks of life who would put aside their primary responsibility and come and embark on a season of service and then return home when that season was done. Today, I am proud to be joined by my fellow freshmen Members of Congress who are going to speak about term limits. It is my honor to welcome a man who served his country for a career in uniform in the Air Force. He could have enjoyed a nice retirement and had some relaxing time, but he chose to step up and serve yet again in Congress. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ), my distinguished colleague, the pride of Omaha, Nebraska, a general, now Congressman. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend from Wisconsin for organizing this. He is a wonderful freshman Member of the class. I rise today in support of congressional term limits. In 1846, when thenCongressman Abraham Lincoln was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives, he was part of a freshman class that made up one half of the 35th Congress. In other words, half of the Congress were new Members when he got elected. Today, in the 115th Congress, our freshmen class of 55 Members make up less than 20 percent of this body. But here is a more stark number. In the last election, 97 percent of House incumbents won reelection—97 percent. Only 3 percent of the challengers defeated an incumbent. I was fortunate to be one of the exceptions to these overwhelming odds. Since Abraham Lincoln, our country has grown, this institution has grown, and so has the length of time Members stay here. As a person who is new to Congress and is new to politics, I can tell you the reason why congressional favorability ratings are now at 8 percent. Our constituents feel that we have lost touch. The longer we stay here in Congress and don’t cycle back to our home districts, the more out of touch we are perceived. To restore America’s trust in Congress, we must institute term limits. Our Forefathers intended the House of Representatives to be an arm of government closest to the people, and to be the purest embodiment of a representative democracy. Members of the people’s House were to come from different walks of life and careers to better shape the direction of our great country. Members of Congress were to feel obligated to serve by a sense of civic duty rather than a desire to pursue a career in public office. We have lost sight of this intent. The American people deserve new ideas from new faces here in Washington. This is the principal reason why I am here today with this great honor bestowed on me from the people of Nebraska’s Second District. Congressional term limits would ensure that we send more successful farmers, successful teachers, business leaders, doctors, nurses, and veterans to Washington so that we can address problems with a firsthand perspective. We need more people in Congress who were successful prior to becoming a politician. We need to restore this House as the people’s House. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, listening to my colleague’s remarks, I was reminded of what another general, 
General Dwight D. Eisenhower, said: ‘‘You know, farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil, and you’re a thousand miles from the cornfield.’’ I think that sentiment was echoed by DONBACON , which is to say people who have actual experience dealing with hard problems are the best type of people to legislate on those problems from Congress. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to welcome another distinguished colleague from Louisiana. We in Wisconsin are all honored to welcome a bunch of LSU fans to Lambeau Field. I won’t rehash how that went, but it was a great coming together of two great sports fans. It was really a privilege for everyone there. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. JOHNSON ), my colleague. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague, particularly for not recounting the events of that game. But we are here, Mr. Speaker, to talk about a very important issue to our country and to all of us. Prior to my election to Congress last December, for nearly 20 years, I practiced primarily in the arena of constitutional law. I had the great privilege of litigating often highprofile cases around the country, defending religious liberty, the sanctity of human life, and traditional American values. I deeply revere our matchless Constitution, and I fought to defend its application according to its plain language and its original intent. I believe our Founding Fathers were divinely inspired to draft our extraordinary founding documents just as they did and to establish for us the framework of a free Republic. It has been the model for, and the envy of, the other nations of the world since its creation. America is different. America is exceptional. And we are, as the Gipper used to say, ‘‘the shining city upon a hill,’’ citing scripture, and ‘‘the last, best hope of man on the Earth.’’ For all their merits, however, even the original provisions of the Constitution are sometimes appropriate for modification by the people. The Founders understood this. They recognized that, in spite of their great wisdom, they could not foresee every future contingency and change in our society and our government. So they provided us an orderly process to amend our great Constitution. I am one who believes the time has come to end a term limits provision, precisely because the form and function of so many aspects of our Federal Government have evolved today into something the Founders could never have imagined two centuries ago. First, I believe the Founders assumed, I think they assumed that there would be a regular turnover of Federal officeholders. Why do we say that? Well, one of our seminal and foundational principles is the limitation and the separation of powers. It is one of the things that makes us unique in the way that we have set up our government. The Founders incorporated terms of service and staggered service in the U.S. Senate. Of course, they could have instituted term limits back then, but I think they believed that it was unnecessary. Look at the statistics of the Founders’ era. The rate of reelection and return to Congress back then was roughly 50 percent. You just heard my learned colleague from Nebraska report to you here that the last election cycle, it is much, much higher. Now, in America, the rate of reelection and return to Congress is 97 percent. That is not something I think that the Founders would have ever imagined. Today, we also have fewer and fewer marginal districts. Incumbents often win by landslides because they have such huge advantages in terms of growing financial support, modern media exposure, and constituent service operations. Another modern phenomena is that studies show Members tend to support more and more government spending the longer they serve in Congress, and this is true across the political spectrum. That has created a real problem, because the Federal Government has grown so very large now as a result of all that spending. Its scope and power is just simply exponentially greater now than it was in the Founders’ era. At the same time, accountability has gradually decreased over the years as the growing bureaucracy has developed into a sort of fourth branch of government. Over the past several decades, a growing class of nameless, faceless bureaucrats have been allowed to absorb and handle more and more of the authority and to handle more and more of the contentious and most consequential issues that face our Nation. The problem is the bureaucrats never have to face or answer to the voters. Many who have served in Congress for many decades have become part of what we now refer to as America’s professional political class. Those Members have gradually become more detached, and some have fully lost touch with the real concerns of the citizens they represent. Due to the busy schedule here, Members of Congress now spend far more time in the beltway than they did in the founding era for certain. And one has to strive much harder now to be at home as often as necessary to keep in touch with the folks that all of us represent. For many, when they are here a long time, their ideals tend to grow old with time, their energy often wanes, and ideas naturally get stale. There is much to be said for fresh faces. In my home State of Louisiana, we instituted term limits in our State legislature several years ago. I had the honor of serving there for a short time before I came to Congress. And I can testify today, from my own experience, that the turnover process in the Louisiana legislature has been a very healthy thing for our State. There are new faces, new ideas, and new approaches to problems that have beset our State for generations. As in a State legislature, a term limited Member of Congress would be more willing to do a number of things, including act quickly to fix problems, rather than merely manage them or delegate broad powers to the executive branch and the bureaucracy. They would be more willing to question bureaucracies and the oldestablished programs. And I think they would naturally enjoy greater independence. Logic simply tells us that term limits would also allow for a greater diversity of people, ideas, and backgrounds in Congress, naturally evolving this legislative body into one that more closely reflects the people and the actual demographics of our Nation, as I think the Congress did in the Founders’ era. Today, there is a real bipartisan disappointment about Congress and its dysfunction. Thankfully, our new President has taken determined steps toward addressing this issue. Some of these actions have already greatly upset Washington and the politically established. But these changes are important because the transparent and accessible government is the very basis of a democracy. This is why I have made this one of my top priorities while in Congress. I congratulate all of my colleagues who joined me in that resolve. I truly believe the future of our government and how it is run depends upon how we handle important issues like this. We need to look no further than our last Presidential election to see how out of touch the people believe that Washington can be. Polls say that between 75 and 80 percent of the American people right now support term limits for Congress, and I also believe that it is the right move for our Nation. Desperate times call for desperate measures, and I think we have reached that point. Let’s give the people a chance to decide this important matter. Let’s go through the constitutional amendment process. Let’s put it to a vote of the elected representatives of the people. And let us return to the ideals of accountability, selfless public service, and the model of the citizen legislator. I will continue to push for reforms in our government and combat corruption and D.C. cronyism as long as I am here. Our Founders intended our government was to be one of the people, by the people, and for the people, as Lincoln famously said. Imposing congressional term limits will help restore that foundational principle, and it will send a strong message to our children and future generations that America is still a country that puts national interests above personal agenda. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for bringing this to the floor tonight. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. JOHNSON . And I just want to 
say that he and all the great citizens of the great State of Louisiana are welcome back any time to Lambeau Field. It was an honor to have him there. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to introduce a colleague from Pennsylvania’s Eighth District, who served his country in the FBI. I am now honored to serve with him on the Homeland Security Committee, to which he brings an incredible wealth of experience. I think he is living proof of the necessity of embarking on term limits and implementing them now. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLAGHER ), my colleague, for his leadership on this issue, and to all the Members of our class who have joined together in the shared belief that this institution is one of, by, and for the people, not one belonging to a class of professional politicians or partisan elites. Since being sworn in earlier this year to serve the people of Bucks and Montgomery County, I have made it my mission to advance commonsense bipartisan government reform agenda that includes, perhaps, the single most important thing that I believe we need to do in this Nation, and that is institute term limits. For 14 years, serving as an FBI agent, most of that time being in the political corruption units throughout the country, there was one commonality that I saw very frequently—there was an unmistakable correlation between the length of time in office and the instances of corruption, and that the lines that were very bright for elected officials coming into the system on day one weren’t so bright in year 7, 8, or 9, and certainly not in year 15 or 20. Even the most wellintended backbone individuals oftentimes can be corrupted by a system that has the power to change some people. Those lines become blurred over time. And it is with this background and these realworld experiences that myself and my colleagues are pushing this issue, in this House of Representatives, in this Chamber, for the 115th Congress. I, myself, introduced House Resolution 7 on my first day, among other reformminded measures, on my first day in Congress. This was a constitutional amendment that would, once and for all, set term limits for Members of the House and the Senate. As tonight shows, there is a wide range of support for this need of reform. And, in a time of deep political division and distrust between citizens and their government at an alltime high, term limits can be the first step towards restoring the essential bond between the American people and Congress. So I urge my colleagues to join us in transitioning power away from the political class here in Washington, D.C., and sending it back to its rightful place—in the hands of the American people. b1730 I thank my colleague, Mr. FITZPATRICK , not only for his leadership on this issue, but on a host of issues related to congressional reform, whether it is no budget, no pay, or a series of other bills that he has introduced; and I look forward to working with him. Mr. Speaker, just to show that this is an issue that transcends parties, that transcends ideological divide, I am honored to yield to my colleague from the great State of California (Mr. KHANNA ). Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman GALLAGHER for his bipartisan leadership on the term limits initiative, and my friend General BERGMAN for his leadership on this issue. I don’t think term limits are a partisan issue. The Economist had an article that the turnover rate in the people’s House is less than European monarchies. European nobility turnover is at a faster rate. Incumbency reelection is 96 percent. When folks say, ‘‘Why can’t you just vote people out of office,’’ it is not looking at the actual statistics. Ninetysix percent of folks here are reelected, and that is not what our Founders intended. James Madison and Alexander Hamilton agreed: ‘‘The security intended to the general liberty consists in the frequent election and in the rotation of the Members of Congress.’’ They envisioned a place where people would come, serve, and go back home to their communities. Thomas Jefferson said that people ought to live, lawmakers ought to live under the laws that they pass. The only way we get back to our founding ideals is if we pass some version of term limits so that people do their public service, and then return to the communities where they reside. This bill on term limits is really a move against political dynasty, and that is one thing that this election showed us people really were not for. They don’t like the idea of a few families, or people connected, holding the reins of power. Let me end with someone who I think summed this up so eloquently, which is Barbara Bush, our former First Lady. She said: ‘‘If we can’t find more than two or three families to run for high office, that’s silly, because there are great governors and great eligible people to run. And I think that the Kennedys, Clintons, Bushes, there are just more families than that.’’ This is from Barbara Bush, who understood the essence of democracy is to have new voices, new families, new ideas. That is why I hope that people across the aisle will support the initiative for term limits. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman KHANNA for his comments. He gets at a really important point, which opponents of term limits will say: Well, we have term limits that occur naturally every 2 years. But as he pointed out, with a 94 percent incumbent reelection rate, and a turnover rate that is less than European monarchy, it isn’t working that way, owing to the advantages of incumbency. So we need to take action right now. I thank him for his commitment to this. This really is a bipartisan issue. I am now honored to yield time to my fellow Marine, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BERGMAN ), a man who also served his country in uniform, and like General BACON before, could have easily decided to enjoy retirement, but felt the call to step up and serve his country again. He brings a wealth of experience, and it is my honor to serve with General—now Congressman—JACK BERGMAN . We are neighbors. We have territory that borders each other, and so far, we have avoided any land disputes. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman GALLAGHER for his leadership on this issue, and the leadership across the board here as a Member of what we—I think most of us smile when we say the freshman class, because when I look across the experience level of all of the freshman Congressmen, no matter Democrat or Republican, what this country is blessed to have today, as Members of this 115th Congress, are people who come here with the sense of mission, a sense of purpose, a sense that we know what we have here in this country. We may have disagreements as to how we are going to get to where we need to go, but we all agree that we need to go there. The question is: How do we do it? One of the ways you create an environment where you have fresh ideas and fresh ways of looking at it is to change the people who are presenting and acting those ideas. I find myself asking many times as we stand on the floor here: What would the Founders say if they were here today with us? How would they look at how we are enacting their vision of what it means to be a constitutionally based Republic that is ‘‘We the People’’? How would they react? I think there are probably a few things that they could not have imagined. Twitter or Snapchat might be one of them—pick your way of communicating across the spectrum that we now have today as our reality. I am not saying those things are bad. They are just the new reality that we have. So how do we take what was given to us as a framework and move it forward? Well, again, my colleagues have all eloquently very well stated that they believe that we need to have a higher turnover in Congress. Term limits is going to be a very good first step in ensuring that we maintain the freshness of ideas. When you look at the challenges that face our country, we know that there are people out there who have chosen not to run, for whatever reason, because of the fact that they view they 
can make more of a difference outside of Congress. That is too bad, because we need good people. We need them. We need them to be here, to be part of us. One of the brutal realities as—author Jim Collins of ‘‘Good to Great,’’ you know, he talks about facing the brutal realities. One of the brutal realities that I believe we have to face is the professional politician. That wasn’t written about anywhere 240 years ago. It just occurred over time. It is our responsibility—especially as a freshman class, you can feel the passion that we believe is the right passion to be put behind term limits to begin to make the change necessary. So we are all in this together. In fact, I am proud to be a member of the freshman class, and I am proud of the fact that we signed a commitment to civility a couple of months ago that put us in a position where we are finding our voice. And what you are hearing today from our colleagues is part of that voice says: We need to do some things a little differently. So let’s move forward; let’s expand the debate; and let’s make sure that we are inclusive in everyone who wants to get their opinion heard on this issue; and make sure that those who have questions about what we mean, we articulate it because in so many areas we have got big decisions to make. This is going to be a big one. In the Marines, we accept the mission that is assigned; we plan and train for it, and then we execute it, and we get it right. And that doesn’t mean we don’t make a few tweaks in the process, but the bottom line is that we accomplish the mission. Mr. Speaker, I would ask all of my colleagues to seriously consider getting behind support for term limits in the United States Congress. Mr. GALLAGHER. I thank Congressman BERGMAN not only for his leadership in the freshman class, but a lifetime of leadership and a lifetime spent leading marines. I ask my team here in Congress, whenever we are considering a difficult issue, to apply what I call the lance corporal test. In other words, how are the policies that we are debating today and how is the legislation that we are considering going to affect that lance corporal, that 19yearold man or woman at the tip of the spear? I think General BERGMAN has seen in his career how messy things can get at the tip of the spear when you are far removed from airconditioned offices in Washington, D.C. I believe having more people not only with military experience, but with experience from a wide range of occupations will allow us to more thoughtfully consider how our policies here, designed in Washington, D.C., have real impacts on the American people and, indeed, across the world. I now yield to the gentleman (Mr. ARRINGTON ) from Lubbock, Texas, to talk more about this issue. It has been great to work with the pride of Texas Tech, the pride of Lubbock, Texas. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague for his leadership on this very important issue. I have made the statement often when I ran for this office that I ran to change not only the course for this country, but the culture of Washington. It is my strong belief that we cannot change the course in any meaningful way without changing the culture. So I want to, again, thank my colleague, MIKEGALLAGHER , for his leadership in rallying the freshman class, both Republicans and Democrats, on an issue that I think, because of this unique time in the history of our country, a time that I think calls for bold action, he is seizing the opportunity and heeding that call on behalf of our freshman class. And so I am deeply grateful for his courageous leadership. Our country, the greatest experiment in liberty and democracy, was conceived by men of great principle; men who were committed to leading, to governing; and, yes—and I know this isn’t popular—to compromising; making difficult decisions and putting the Nation’s interest above their own personal interest. They were also men who never envisioned a lifelong career in politics. In 1819, only 1 percent of Representatives had served over 16 years. Now, 20 percent of Representatives have served over 16 years. The current scenario where Members of Congress serve for 15, 20, even 30 years, is inconsistent with the Founders’ view of citizen statesmen. We need an environment that encourages politicians to do what is right not by their party or some special interest, and certainly not to secure their longterm career goals, but to do what is right for their fellow countrymen. Period. I think passing legislation to implement term limits across the board is a good step in the right direction. I am grateful to be a part of this body and a part of this freshman class. It is such a unique time in our Nation’s history. We need to go big; we need to go bold; or we need to go home. So thank you for the opportunity, Mr. Speaker, and my distinguished colleague. Mr. GALLAGHER. I thank Congressman ARRINGTON for his comments. As he rightfully points out, the time is now for big and bold action. We have a unique window of opportunity here that we must seize. The American people gave us an opportunity to turn this country around, to really, in my opinion, save the country. But that is all it is: a fleeting opportunity. And what we do over the coming days and weeks will determine whether we get more of that opportunity. I thank Congressman ARRINGTON for reminding us that this is just the first step; that the hard work is yet to come. We have to fight for this idea to implement it, and there is a lot of hard work ahead. I look forward to working with him on that. I know there is a division of opinions on this issue, and there are some principled arguments against term limits. I just remember talking with the man who held this seat before I did, Congressman Reid Ribble. He had spent his entire life in roofing, which was a nonstandard preparation for serving in Congress, but he decided to give up his successful private sector career to come here for a season of service and to work on behalf of the people of northeast Wisconsin. b1745 He termlimited himself. I would debate this issue with him, and we went back and forth. Ultimately, he said something that stuck with me, and I think it is the most powerful argument for implementing term limits. He said: Every day, I woke up, and I knew that I had one less day to make a difference in the people’s House. One less day. And so every day, I woke up with a sense of urgency, wanting to fix problems and get things done on behalf of my constituents. I just think about that whenever I consider this debate. I just think about, if all 535 Members of the House and the Senate woke up with that same sense of urgency, if we all woke up every day knowing we had one less day to make a difference, imagine what we could accomplish working together. So, Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my colleagues who have spoken so eloquently on behalf of term limits, and I look forward to working with them. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
U.S. POLICY TOWARDS KOSOVO The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) for 30 minutes. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, an Olympic Gold Medal; groundbreaking international conferences on religious cooperation intolerance; membership in the World Bank, the IMF, and other international bodies; and recognition by more than 110 countries—these are only some of the accomplishments of the young nation of Kosovo. The United States was among the first to recognize Kosovo, and today we are its strongest backer, and rightfully so. First recognized by President Bush, relations only deepened under President Obama. For that, Kosovo proudly has become the strongest supporter of the United States and Europe, sitting at an 85 percent approval rating. This is not to say that Kosovo is a perfect country. We are not a perfect country. Corruption needs to be attacked in Kosovo. Judicial reform is progressing far too slowly. And official unemployment hovers at just above 30 percent. So there is hard work to be done. There is obviously a lot of work to do. But I have visited this country again and again and again and again; 
and every time, I see progress, and I know there is a bright future. I have often said that, as an American, I can go all around the world, but I will never get greeted with more love and friendship than I will in Kosovo. People there truly love Americans and all things American. The best way to help Kosovo is through continued, strong support, as the United States has done for many years. But too many impediments stand in the way, many of them coming from outside of Kosovo’s borders. For example, Kosovo wants what most countries across the region want, to become part of a secure and integrated Europe, membership in the European Union and in NATO. Yet, just five European holdouts stand in the way of this progress for Kosovo. When it comes to United Nations membership, Kosovo’s way forward is blocked by Serbia and its ally, Russia. In fact, Serbia seeks to block Kosovo at almost every turn, and lately has been escalating tensions. Both Serbia and Kosovo want to go to the European Union, and I support both of them getting into the European Union. But one of those countries shouldn’t try to block another one, and Serbia has repeatedly tried to make it difficult for Kosovo to get into the EU and to get other things as well. Serbia recently sent into Kosovo’s north a propaganda train emblazoned with the words, Serbia is Kosovo, written in 21 languages to foment discord among Kosovo’s small Serbian population. It pushed the building of a wall in Metrovica, a tiny city straddling the cleavages of Kosovo’s interethnic divide. While that wall has now come down, the scars remain. Serbia has continued to deny justice to the loved ones of hundreds of victims of its campaign of ethnic cleansing, including three American citizens, the Bytyqi brothers. And there are all kinds of insults, from a train and other things, giving propaganda against Kosovo by Serbia pushed to the SerbianKosovo border that helps to escalate tensions rather than bring them down. As a result of a Serbian INTERPOL arrest warrant, French authorities recently detained former Kosovo Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj, who has already been acquitted twice by an international tribunal. We in the United States have this wonderful thing of no double jeopardy. If you go to trial and you are acquitted, you cannot be tried on the same thing again. That isn’t true of many countries. So Ramush Haradinaj was accused of war crimes, went to The Hague, spent many weeks and months there, was acquitted, and then was recharged again, and had to go back to The Hague to have another trial on which he was again acquitted. Now, Serbia has manipulated INTERPOL to try to get a third trial on essentially the same matter for Ramush Haradinaj again. This, to me, is unconscionable and shows tremendous bad faith on the part of the Serbian Government. Serbia also fought Kosovo’s membership in UNESCO, ultimately a selfdefeating act, because among Kosovo’s most cherished historical cultural institutions are its 13th century Serbian Orthodox churches. Kosovo did not get into UNESCO. It failed by three votes, and again the Serbian interruption played a major role in preventing them from getting into UNESCO. The United States fought to have Kosovo into UNESCO, but ultimately lost by three votes. Kosovo and Serbia have sat down across the negotiating table in talks facilitated by the European Union. Those talks showed some progress that resulted in an agreement calling for normalization. I even nominated, at that time, the Prime Ministers of Kosovo and Serbia, along with the EU’s former policy head, Baroness Catherine Ashton, for the Nobel Peace Prize. Unfortunately, today, I question these successes. What kind of normalization involves stoking tensions among a neighbor’s minority population and standing in the way of international integration? That is what Serbia is doing to Kosovo, and it should be stopped. In terms of Ramush Haradinaj, trying to try him again, I don’t know why the Government of Serbia seems intent on rekindling 20 and 30yearold Balkan wars. They were terrible things that happened in war and terrible things that happened on both sides, but the man was found innocent twice. This is nothing more than bad faith on the part of the Serbian Government and harassment. It might come as a surprise to you, Mr. Speaker, but 9 years on, as a free and independent country, Kosovo still has no army. That is right. A sovereign nationstate without an army. It has a small, lightly armed security force, but nothing resembling the large Russian equipped Serbian military just next door. Earlier this month, Kosovo took a small step toward establishing its army. Legislation was submitted to parliament. Like the legislative process here in the United States, the introduction of a bill is only the opening note on a much larger and longer sheet of music, a score which involves consultation with regional partners, the international community, domestic minorities, and NGOs. We all know how this process works. There is back and forth, there is give and take. Supporters and opponents alike are welcome into the arena and all positions are heard. The process accounts for everybody’s concerns in some way or another. So what is in this proposal? What would Kosovo’s army look like? It would be multiethnic, just as the Kosovo security force and the Kosovo police are now. It would partner with Western countries and hopefully NATO in pursuit of greater regional and international stability. It would be defensive and nonthreatening to Kosovo’s neighbors. Mr. Speaker, it would be exactly what the United States wants to see in a partner. Yet, while Kosovo slowly moves to set up its small defensive force, Serbia is beefing up its military with full Russian backing. It is taking deliveries of T–72 tanks, MiG–29 fighters, and S–300 antiaircraft missile systems, courtesy of Moscow and Vladimir Putin. So I am a little confused, Mr. Speaker. Kosovo, a country we support and which supports us, wants what every other country in the world has: a basic army in which its citizens can serve their nation, and probably serve alongside our own military if given the chance. What do we do? We offer rebukes and diplomatic threats, and we make it clear that we don’t support Kosovo having an army at this time. That is absolutely absurd and is a position that we ought to change, and change quickly. Yet Russian weapons and materiel are pouring into Serbia, courtesy of Vladimir Putin; and as far as I can tell, the United States has stood in silence. Regardless, Mr. Speaker, America’s relation with Kosovo is strong and the future is bright. We need to stay on that course. Kosovo is a young country. I have been there many, many times. It is not even 10 years old. We know better than anyone that building a democracy is hard work. Sometimes you will face setbacks. Sometimes you need a helping hand. That is why American support is more important than ever. That is why the United States should work to deepen our ties, enrich our mutual understanding, and continue to bring stability to the entire Balkan region. That is the way to a more prosperous, democratic, and multiethnic Kosovo; and that is the way for the United States to see a Balkan region free, at peace, and part of the whole of Europe. Meanwhile, France should send Ramush Haradinaj home. Enough is enough already. We cannot stand for any more of this nonsense. The United States should stand by Kosovo. Kosovo is a free and independent country. For many years, they were fed all kinds of lies about the United States during the old Communist regime in the fifties, sixties, and seventies. You know what? The people of Kosovo didn’t believe a word of it. So I would say to my colleagues and to my friends and to all of our American citizens: When you visit Kosovo, you will know and you will be proud to be an American because people come up to you in the street and want to touch you, want to talk to you, want to do everything and be everything American. Those are the kinds of friends that we need. America does much for many, many people around the world, many, many 
nations, and sometimes we feel it is not appreciated—but not in Kosovo. Everything the United States has helped that country with is appreciated from everyone, from the Prime Minister to the President, to people in government, to the average people in the street. I very often have people coming up to me in the street wanting to talk to me. They recognize me. They say: Thank you. Thank you to America for standing by us in our independence. Thank you to America for being strong and keeping us strong. So those are the kinds of friends I want to have. Those are the kind of people I want to have. So I would say to the people of Kosovo and the Government of Kosovo: The United States stands by you and always will stand by you. I would say to the Government of Serbia: We support the aspirations of the Serbian people to enter the European Union, but Serbia ought to stop doing what it is doing to block Kosovo. Serbia ought to stop its belligerent moves against Kosovo. Both countries should go into the European Union—and eventually, NATO— and each one should not stop each other. They should help each other. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I want to spend the next couple of moments talking about a subject that is very near and dear to everyone’s heart, and that is health care. I want to do it because tomorrow we have a big healthcare vote here in the Congress, and I think it is very important that we all very clearly lay out what we really feel should happen. Last week, as part of the Energy and Commerce Committee, I was up for about 28 hours in a row marking up a bill that was done all night long. At the time when we marked it up, we thought it was a bit silly because the bill hadn’t been scored by the Congressional Budget Office, so we had no idea what it cost. It was like buying a pig in a poke. How could you decide whether something is good or not when you don’t even know what the cost is? Since we obviously don’t have unlimited funds, if something costs more money, we have to pull it out of someplace else. b1800 So we voted on a bill. Unfortunately, it was a strict partyline vote, and the bill passed. Shortly thereafter, a few days later, the Congressional Budget Office scored it; and I think it was, frankly, from my vantage point, a disaster for the bill. Now, what I think that this Congress should be doing is I think that we should make tweaks and fix the Affordable Care Act, or ObamaCare. There are many, many good things in ObamaCare, in the healthcare bill, in the healthcare act, that has now been here for many, many years. But there are also some problems with it. You know, every major bill that has been passed by this Congress and signed into law needed some tweaks, needed some changes, because you pass a law with good intention, but sometimes it doesn’t work out exactly as you wanted it to work out. So you need to change things, you need to make improvements. When you see what is working, what is not working, that is what you do. That is what this Congress should do with ObamaCare. We should say where premiums are going up or where certain jurisdictions only have one insurance company and, therefore, there is no competition, we can figure out ways to fix it. We can figure out ways to tweak it. That is what the American people would want us to do. The American people would want us to work together and would want us to work in a bipartisan fashion to try to fix what was wrong with ObamaCare. Now, there are many wonderful things about ObamaCare. First of all, everyone knows it eliminated the so called preexisting condition problem, where before, when you changed jobs and you went to a new insurance company, the insurance company said, ‘‘Sorry, you have had cancer for 3 years and you have been treated; we are not going to treat you for cancer because it is a preexisting condition,’’ or a heart attack or whatever it is. That was basically unconscionable. And millions of people couldn’t get help because they changed a job and, therefore, changed a healthcare plan. That was changed in ObamaCare. And that was a very, very important thing because an insurance company can now no longer deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. Also, as everybody knows, children up to 26 years old can now stay and be insured under their parents’ insurance plans. That was a very good plus of ObamaCare, or of the Affordable Care Act. And there were other very, very important, good things. We had more people being covered than ever before. People who had never had health coverage got it now because of the Affordable Care Act. So what do we see now? We see, instead of trying to put it together in a bipartisan fashion, trying to fix it, we have this bill which passed the Energy and Commerce Committee and passed the Ways and Means Committee and supposedly is going to be on the floor tomorrow if they can round up the votes. They are having difficulty rounding up the votes. And what do we see when we look at this new bill that they are asking us to vote for? Let me tell you what we see. If this bill would ever come into law, we would have much less coverage than ever before. Many people would lose their healthcare coverage, and we would have a smaller population actually being covered for health care. We call it TrumpCare, and TrumpCare will take away health care from 24 million hardworking Americans. That is not acceptable. Why shouldn’t we be working together to improve ObamaCare? Why do we need a new plan that will insure 24 million less people than we insure now? It is bizarre. It makes no sense whatsoever. We also feel, when we analyze it—and this is, again, what the Congressional Budget Office tells us—there are higher costs. TrumpCare forces families to pay increased outofpocket costs and higher deductibles. So what does that all mean? It means you pay more and you get less. That is a pretty bad deal. I don’t think anybody wants that deal. I think Democrats and Republicans, alike, don’t want that deal. I think Americans don’t want that deal. We want it the opposite way. We would like to pay less and get coverage. But what TrumpCare does to the Affordable Care Act, you pay more and you get less. If that weren’t bad enough, an analysis of it finds that there is a crushing age tax. TrumpCare forces Americans between the ages of 50 and 64 to pay premiums which are five times higher than what others pay for health coverage, no matter how healthy they are. Talk about discrimination. If you are a 50yearold that is in good health, why should you have to pay five times more premium than what others pay for health coverage? Doesn’t sound like a very good idea to me. And then you say: How do they get the money to pay for whatever? Well, it steals from Medicaid and Medicare. TrumpCare ransacks the Medicaid funds that allow seniors to get the longterm care they need and shortens the life of the Medicare trust fund by 3 years. Again, pretty bad deal for me. And you say: Well, who benefits from this? If this is something that people are going to have to pay more and get less coverage, it is discriminatory for people ages 50 to 64. It hurts middle class people making $30,000, $40,000, $50,000, $60,000 a year, hurts them and hurts seniors, knocks seniors out. Well, who does it help? Well, guess what? TrumpCare ransacks the Medicaid funds that allow seniors to get the longterm care they need. I said that before. But what does it do? It lowers tax cuts for the rich. So the rich get more tax cuts—I am sorry. It doesn’t lower it. It gives the rich more tax cuts. So it is really kind of nice, I suppose, when you have a billionaire President, it is nice to help the rich—but not at the expense of middle class America. So when you look at this plan, it is a pretty bad plan for the middle class, pretty bad. So if you didn’t like ObamaCare, you are going to dislike TrumpCare even more. If it is passed, once it is passed, we are going to see, again, premiums rise, millions of people thrown out of insurance, and less coverage, but the very wealthy will get a nice, juicy tax break. 
So, you know who used to steal from the rich and give to the poor? This is stealing from the poor and giving to the rich. It is really disgraceful. So I call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. Let’s defeat TrumpCare because it doesn’t help anybody, and let’s put our heads together. We have enough talent in this place on both sides of the aisle, and that is what the American people want us to do. They want us to put our heads together. They want us to work together and come up with a plan that aids the largest amount of people at the lowest possible cost. It won’t be easy. It will be very difficult. But we should do it together, not jam TrumpCare down our throat, not tell people about false promises when you know people are going to be thrown off. If you say: Well, you know what? It is going to be cheaper. Well, it is cheaper if you throw off all the sick people and you don’t give them insurance, and you throw off all the seniors and you don’t help them. Well, of course it is cheaper because all the people that are sick and really need the help won’t get it. And after all, what is insurance about? Insurance is there just in case you get sick. So I am very chagrined about this new bill. I hope it gets defeated tomorrow. I hope that we then go back to the drawing board and come up with a program that will help the American people, not a program that helps Democrats or a program that helps Republicans, but a program that helps Americans, because we are all in this together. The bill proposed by my Republican colleagues called TrumpCare is not a bill for Americans that will aid them with help when they get sick. As Americans, I do believe that health care should be a right, not a luxury. I believe that the richest country that the world has ever known can give its citizens health care. I believe in the singlepayer health care. But even if it is not singlepayer, let’s take the original Affordable Care Act, keep what is good, enhance what is good and what needs to be corrected and changed. Let’s do it. That is what the American people want. That is what the American people demand, and we should do nothing less. This bill ought to be defeated tomorrow. Let’s go back to the drawing board and come up with something we can be proud of. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
b2352 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) at 11 o’clock and 52 minutes p.m. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. PAYNE (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for March 20 through today on account of medical condition. 
BILL AND JOINT RESOLUTION PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on March 21, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill and joint resolution: 
H.R. 1362. To name the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Pago Pago, American Samoa, the Faleomavaega Eni Fa’aua’a Hunkin VA Clinic. H.J. Res. 42. Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to drug testing of unemployment compensation applicants. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 53 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, March 23, 2017, at 9 a.m. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first quarter of 2017, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO KOSOVO, SRI LANKA, AND GEORGIA, EXPENDED BETWEEN FEBRUARY 17 AND FEBRUARY 26, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. PETER J. ROSKAM, Mar. 7, 2017. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1215 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 1664. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to index the gas and diesel tax and rebuild our roads, bridges, and transit systems; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mrs. BUSTOS ): H.R. 1665. A bill to ensure that Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency considers severe local impact in making a recommendation to the President for a major disaster declaration; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Ms. L EE, Mr. MASSIE , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. CLEAVER ): H.R. 1666. A bill to prohibit the availability of funds for activities in the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARINO (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. CICILLINE ): H.R. 1667. A bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code in order to facilitate the resolution of an insolvent financial institution in bankruptcy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for himself and Mr. LOWENTHAL ): H.R. 1668. A bill to establish the Bureau of Land Management Foundation as a charitable and nonprofit corporation to encourage, accept, obtain, administer, and use private gifts, devises, and bequests for the benefit of activities and services of the Bureau of Land Management, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. B ARR, Mr. B ERA, Mrs. BUSTOS , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. HECK, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEYof New York, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. POLIS, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. SCHNEIDER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S OTO, and Mrs. TORRES ): H.R. 1669. A bill to establish the American Infrastructure Fund, to provide bond guarantees and make loans to States, local governments, and infrastructure providers for investments in certain infrastructure projects, and to provide equity investments in such projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. YOHO, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. B ERA, Mrs. BUSTOS , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. SOTO): H.R. 1670. A bill to eliminate the incentive for corporations to continue to hold accumulated earnings offshore, to invest in domestic infrastructure, to provide for international tax reform, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself and Mr. MCCAUL): H.R. 1671. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require the provision of social security numbers as a condition of receiving the health insurance premium tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. REED, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. MATSUI , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. SCHRADER , Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. GARAMENDI ): H.R. 1672. A bill to improve the competitiveness of United States manufacturing by designating and supporting manufacturing communities; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. POCAN , Mr. E VANS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. MOORE , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. BUSTOS , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J OHNSONof Georgia, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 1673. A bill to establish a trust fund to provide for adequate funding for water and sewer infrastructure, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Mr. ZELDIN , and Mr. S UOZZI ): H.R. 1674. A bill to amend and reauthorize certain provisions relating to Long Island Sound restoration and stewardship; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DELBENE (for herself, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. L EE, Ms. NORTON , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. KILMER , Mr. H ECK, and Mr. GRIJALVA ): H.R. 1675. A bill to establish a national program to identify and reduce losses from landslide hazards, to establish a national 3D Elevation Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. REED, and Mr. CARTER of Georgia): H.R. 1676. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in palliative care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assistant education programs, to promote education and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in academic palliative medicine; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. ROYCE  of California, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. K INZINGER , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. K ILDEE, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mrs. M CMORRISRODGERS , and Mr. B EYER ): H.R. 1677. A bill to halt the wholesale slaughter of the Syrian people, encourage a negotiated political settlement, and hold Syrian human rights abusers accountable for their crimes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for herself and Mr. WEBSTER of Florida): H.R. 1678. A bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act concerning the statute of limitations for actions to recover disaster or emergency assistance payments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for himself and Mr. SIRES): H.R. 1679. A bill to ensure that the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s current efforts to modernize its grant management system includes applicant accessibility and transparency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself and Mr. LAWSON of Florida): H.R. 1680. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to improve the women’s business center program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for himself, Ms. DELBENE, Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. R USH, Ms. TITUS, Mr. H ECK, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. SINEMA ): H.R. 1681. A bill to improve the reproductive assistance provided by the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs to severely wounded, ill, or injured members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their spouses or partners, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LATTA (for himself and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 1682. A bill to clarify that no express or implied warranty is provided by reason of a disclosure relating to voluntary participation in the Energy Star program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself, Mr. GALLA GHER , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. C OOK, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. P INGREE , Ms. NORTON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. J ONES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. SIRES, Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Mr. COLE, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. QUIGLEY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. GARAMENDI , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. H IMES, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. LEVIN, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. T AKANO , Miss RICEof New York, Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut, Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. COOPER , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. FASO, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. ROKITA , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. PALLONE , Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. N EAL, Ms. T ENNEY , and Ms. SA´NCHEZ ): H.R. 1683. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the National Purple Heart Hall of Honor; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. NADLER (for himself and Mr. ENGEL ): H.R. 1684. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to provide technical assistance to common interest communities regarding eligibility for disaster assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself and Mr. BOST): H.R. 1685. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish mental and behavioral health care to certain individuals discharged or released from the active military, naval, or air service under conditions other than honorable, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. THOMPSON of California): H.R. 1686. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the limitation on the carryover of excess corporate charitable contributions by regulated public utilities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 1687. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to lower the mileage 
threshold for deduction in determining adjusted gross income of certain expenses of members of reserve components of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SA´NCHEZ (for herself and Mr. ROEof Tennessee): H.R. 1688. A bill to avoid duplicative annual reporting under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. FITZPATRICK ): H.R. 1689. A bill to protect private property rights; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. TENNEY (for herself, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. FASO, Mr. J ONES , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Ms. SINEMA ): H.R. 1690. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report regarding performance awards and bonuses awarded to certain highlevel employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Mr. COOK, Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. AGUILAR ): H.R. 1691. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income amounts received from Statebased earthquake loss mitigation programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Mr. ENGEL , and Ms. C LARKE of New York): H.R. 1692. A bill to address the problem of illegal firearm trafficking to Mexico; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama (for himself and Mr. LIPINSKI ): H. Con. Res. 37. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that Congress and the President should prioritize the reduction and elimination, over a reasonable period of time, of the overall trade deficit of the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself, Mr. EVANS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. CLAY, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. NADLER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. ADAMS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. SMITH of Washington, Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, Mr. LYNCH , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. DELANEY , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. PLASKETT , Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. DEGETTE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. RUSH, and Mr. R ASKIN ): H. Con. Res. 38. Concurrent resolution recognizing the life and legacy of Henrietta Lacks during Women’s History Month; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TROTT (for himself, Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. V ALADAO , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. PALLONE , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. ENGEL , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. CARBAJAL , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. COSTA ): H. Res. 220. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding past genocides, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
11. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to House Concurrent Memorial 2005, urging the United States Environmental Protection Agency to extend the comment period for and revise Docket Number EPA HQSFUND20150781; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 12. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of South Dakota, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 1014, expressing the strongest support for, and unity with, the State of Israel and recognizing Jerusalem, as Israel’s undivided capital; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 13. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to House Memorial 2001, urging the United States Congress to repeal the Affordable Care Act’s Health Insurance Tax; which was referred jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 1664. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 1665. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. JONES: H.R. 1666. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution which grants Congress the authority to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces. By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 1667. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article , Section 8, clause 3 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes;’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 4 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to establish . . . uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 9 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to constitute Tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court;’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof;’’ and Article III of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation defines or affects powers of the Judiciary that are subject to legislation by Congress. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 1668. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, section 3, clause 2 and Article I, section 8, clause 18 By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 1669. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 1670. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. BARLETTA: H.R. 1671. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1—The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 1672. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. CONYERS: H.R. 1673. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of section 8 of Article I. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 1674. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Ms. DELBENE: H.R. 1675. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 1676. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 1677. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: H.R. 1678. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 1679. 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 38: Mr. B LUM. H.R. 44: Mr. TAYLOR . H.R. 159: Mr. CICILLINE and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 160: Mr. DESAULNIER and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 179: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania, and Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 308: Mr. ARRINGTON . H.R. 314: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 350: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 371: Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 392: Mr. CALVERT , Mr. C OLE, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. POLIS, and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 463: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio and Mr. R OSKAM. H.R. 530: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 544: Mr. PETERS and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 548: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 553: Mr. GRIFFITH and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 620: Mr. CORREA and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 632: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 644: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 676: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. ESPAILLAT , and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 721: Mr. POLIS and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 747: Mr. KILDEE , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 756: Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 772: Mr. RUTHERFORD . H.R. 799: Mr. WENSTRUP and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 804: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut and Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 810: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 830: Mr. DIAZBALART . H.R. 849: Mr. WALBERG , Mr. S AMJOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 855: Mr. GRIJALVA and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 873: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 881: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 891: Mr. JORDAN and Mr. C RAWFORD . H.R. 909: Mr. BROWN of Maryland. H.R. 914: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 918: Mr. BUCHANAN . H.R. 919: Mr. LAWSON of Florida and Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 966: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 973: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 986: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 1001: Mr. PETERS , Mr. K IND, and Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 1005: Mr. KATKO and Ms. S HEAPORTER. H.R. 1017: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1046: Mr. KIND. H.R. 1071: Mr. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1116: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. PETERSON , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. M CKINLEY, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 1130: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 1136: Mr. LONG, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 1144: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1148: Mr. RUTHERFORD . H.R. 1149: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1186: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1225: Mr. LONG. H.R. 1243: Mr. AGUILAR and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 1272: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 1316: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 1339: Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 1361: Mr. MOORE . H.R. 1406: Mr. RASKIN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. SOTO, Mr. C LEAVER , Mrs. D EMINGS , and Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 1409: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. M CKINLEY , and Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 1426: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 1436: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 1444: Mr. CHABOT and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 1450: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 1456: Mr. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 1473: Mr. RUSH, Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 1483: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1488: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 1515: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 1525: Mr. YOHO. H.R. 1542: Mr. KHANNA , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S OTO, Mr. BLUM, and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1552: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1555: Ms. MOORE , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1580: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 1588: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1613: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 1656: Mr. PETERS . H.J. Res. 6: Mr. LUCAS and Mr. F ERGUSON . H.J. Res. 53: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.J. Res. 56: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.J. Res. 59: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana, Mr. FARENTHOLD , and Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. VELA, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. SIRES, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. BRAT. H. Con. Res. 20: Miss RICEof New York. H. Res. 30: Mr. MOULTON , Mr. C ARSON of In diana, Mr. EVANS , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. CRIST, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. B ARR, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. J ACKSON  LEE. H. Res. 46: Mr. PETERS . H. Res. 54: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H. Res. 78: Ms. ADAMS . H. Res. 128: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. H UDSON . H. Res. 184: Ms. PINGREE , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, and Mr. P ANETTA . f 
30. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the House Standing Committee on Banking and Insurance of the House of Representatives of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, relative to a Resolution, urging Congress to repeal the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; which was referred to the Committee on Financial Services. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1899 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22, 2017 No. 50 
The Senate met at 10:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable TOM COTTON , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty and Eternal God, thank You for listening to our prayers. You are the high and lofty One, but You choose to dwell with those who have contrite hearts. Dwell with our lawmakers. May they meditate upon Your precepts and be guided by the light of Your Word. Lord, give them the wisdom to seek Your help in the day of trouble and beyond. May the memories of what You have already done provide them with the confidence that the best is yet to come. Do for them immeasurably, abundantly, above all that they can ask or imagine, according to Your power, working in and through them. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 