Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the grand opening of Delirium Cafe ´ in Leesburg, Virginia, a world renowned international franchise known for its great food and extensive beer selection. Delirium Cafe ´’s flag ship franchise is located in Brussels, Belgium, and this grand opening marks its first location in the United States. While offering some classic dishes and beers, and yet at the same time being situated at the corner of South King Street and Loudoun Street, Delirium Cafe ´will provide its patrons with a traditional Belgian experience right here in Virginia’s 10th District. Curtis Allred, former manager of the Shoes Cup & Cork and a Leesburg native, traveled to Brussels six years ago and has since dreamed of opening a Delirium Cafe ´here in the United States. This dream started to come to fruition earlier this year, as he, his business partner, Rick Leith, and Aislin Kavaldjian, who will serve as the Assistant General Manager of Delirium Cafe´, began working tirelessly to open the doors of this restaurant after signing their first lease on January 1, 2017. Since then, Mr. Allred has leased two additional connected spaces, and the restaurant now has the capacity to sit over 150 guests with both indoor and outdoor seating. Delirium Cafe´is known internationally for its beer selections, but it was important to Mr. Allred and his management team to strike a balance between offering world renowned beers and beers from local breweries. In addition to providing customers with a wide array of beverage selections, Delirium Cafe´will also offer catering services, lease space for private events, and sell a variety of merchandise. Mr. Speaker, I would ask that my colleagues rise and join me in applauding the Grand Opening of Delirium Cafe´. Not only am I excited for the experiences and memories it will afford my constituents, but as the only location in the United States, I look forward to the visitors that will be drawn to downtown Leesburg, a truly vibrant area. I wish Mr. Allred, Ms. Kavaldjian, Mr. Leith, and the entire 50 person staff of Delirium Cafe´all the best moving forward and in their future endeavors. 
IN RECOGNITION OF PASTOR VICTORIA JAMES FOR HER SERVICE ON BEHALF OF THE WASHTENAW COUNTY COMMUNITY 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Pastor Victoria James of Ekklesia Fellowship Ministries in Ypsilanti, Michigan. Pastor James has provided spiritual guidance and support to the Ypsilanti community at large. Pastor James works with the Ekklesia Fellowship Ministries church in Ypsilanti, which holds religious services every Sunday and also participates in a variety of different community initiatives to support groups and individuals in need. These include the annual Back to School Prayer, which provides backpacks and school supplies to needy children, as well as an annual community Thanksgiving celebration for members of the congregation and surrounding areas. Additionally, Pastor James serves as a member of the Washtenaw Faith Leaders Forum, a countywide interfaith initiative that mobilizes and speaks out on behalf of justice and equality. She has also been an outspoken advocate of improved community relations with law enforcement and has worked with other faith leaders and law enforcement officials to address this and other issues. Collectively, Pastor James’ actions have provided critical support to individuals in need throughout Washtenaw County. Pastor James’ work has had a transformative effect on the city of Ypsilanti. As a lifelong resident of Ypsilanti and longtime community leader, she has leveraged her deep knowledge of the issues affecting the city and its residents to drive positive change. Ms. James’ role as a counselor of Ekklesia Fellowship Youth, a church youth group, underscores her position is a respected mentor and voice for individuals in need. Her work with Ekklesia Fellowship Ministries has helped transform countless lives, and it is my hope that she continues to play a leading role in the Ypsilanti community in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Pastor Victoria James of Ekklesia Fellowship Ministries for her work on behalf of Washtenaw County. Pastor James has been key to the growth and development of Ypsilanti and the surrounding areas. f 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize the Honorable Joe May, my friend and former colleague from the House of Delegates of the Virginia General Assembly. Delegate May has had both an illustrious business career, in which he has served as the Founder, Chief Technology Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Electronic Instrumentation and Technology (EIT), and a distinguished career as a public servant as he honorably and capably represented the people of Virginia’s 33rd House District for two decades. Delegate May has dedicated most of his life serving the people of Virginia, starting with his service in the United States military. Afterwards, Delegate May became a professional engineer and has since excelled in the field of electrical engineering, as he obtained 24 patents for a variety of inventions, including, among others, a signature reproduction machine, an instrument to measure the curvature of railroad tracks, and the instrument used for measuring octane on gasoline. Then in 1977, soon after he relocated to Loudoun County, Delegate May and his wife, Bobby, founded Electronic Instrumentation and Technology (EIT), which provides electronic manufacturing and engineering services for the medical, communications, industrial process control and analytical instrument markets. EIT would later evolve into a multimilliondollar company and has been instrumental to the development and success of Loudoun County’s economy during a period when the county’s economy has flourished. In 1993, the year that would mark the advent of his political career, Delegate May was first elected to the House of Delegates from Virginia’s 33rd District, which at the time included parts of Clarke, Fairfax, Fauquier, and Loudoun counties. In the House of Delegates, Delegate May’s sharp business acumen and unique experience as only one a few professional engineers in the entire General Assembly, enabled him to play an integral role in passing numerous legislative initiates, including a bill to establish the House’s Science and Technology Committee, of which he would later serve as chair. Through his time as Chair of both the Joint Commission on Technology and Science and the Science and Technology Committee, Delegate May helped promote legislation that allowed Loudoun County to become a leading innovator in the technology sector while also ensuring that western Loudoun retained its bucolic character. For Delegate May’s innumerable contributions in both his career as an entrepreneur and public servant, a remarkable number of welldeserved accolades and honors have been bestowed upon him, including being inducted into Virginia Tech’s College of Engineering Academy of Engineering Excellence, being named the Loudoun TimesMirror’s Person of the Year for 2012, and being recognized as the Legislator of the Year by multiple associations, such as the Virginia Soil, Water and Conversation Districts, the Virginia Cable and Telecommunications Association, and the Virginia Biotechnology Association and Virginia Transit. Delegate May is the true embodiment of a public servant, and the residents of Virginia will benefit for years to come from his lifetime of service to the Commonwealth. It is honor to call him a friend and I wish him all the best as he continues his focus on the development and expansion of EIT and on whatever future endeavors he may pursue. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mr. Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Maxwell of Bend, Oregon for his outstanding military and civilian service to Oregon and our nation. Mr. Maxwell is well known in veterans circles mostly as a WWII Medal of Honor recipient. He served with the famed 3rd Infantry Division in North Africa, Sicily, Italy and France. During the invasion of Anzio, Italy, he was wounded and acted bravely to earn his first Silver Star and Purple Heart. Shortly after being released from the Army hospital in Naples, he participated in ‘‘Operation Dragoon’’—the invasion of Southern France during late August, 1944. While protecting his Battalion Headquarters with 3 other soldiers in Besancon, France on September 7, 1944, a German Infantry unit outnumbering his unit 10 to 1 attacked the outpost. Mr. Maxwell hurled his unprotected body on a German hand grenade thrown into their midst. The grenade exploded under Mr. Maxwell, saving the lives of 3 comrades and severely wounding Mr. Maxwell. For his unhesitating valor above and beyond the call of duty, he was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor, a second Silver Star, a second Purple Heart, a Bronze Star and French Croix de Guerre. Mr. Maxwell was discharged from the U.S. Army and used the ‘‘GI Bill’’ to earn his credentials in Automotive Technology. He worked in that profession for 32 years, teaching at Bend High School, Central Oregon College and Lane Community College. In 1970, he was named one of 5,000 outstanding educators in our nation. Since his retirement from teaching, ‘‘Bob’’ has served as a Director of the Bend Heroes Foundation, and has cochaired several veterans projects including the Bend Parade of Flags, Bend Heroes Memorial, the firstofits kind WWII Veterans Historic Highway, and the Oregon Medal of Honor Exhibit. Mr. Maxwell is a passionate promoter of the Congressional Medal of Honor Foundation’s ‘‘Character Development Program’’ now being adopted in Central Oregon schools. As devoted Christians and proponents of higher education, Mr. Maxwell and his late wife Bea initiated the Bob and Bea Maxwell Medal of Honor Scholarship program at Boise Bible College many years ago. Mr. Maxwell celebrated his 96th birthday on October 26, 2016. He is the oldest surviving recipient of the Medal of Honor, our nation’s highest military award. It has been my privilege and honor to know and have worked with Bob Maxwell for many years. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful state and country, I wish to honor Mr. Robert D. ‘‘Bob’’ Maxwell for his grand accomplishments over many years. IN RECOGNITION OF MARGARET CRAWFORD FOR HER PIONEERING CAREER WITH LINCOLN CONSOLIDATED SCHOOLS HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Margaret Crawford for her outstanding career with Lincoln Consolidated Schools. As school board member and president for Lincoln Schools, Ms. Crawford worked tirelessly on behalf of the school district’s students and staff. After graduating from Wayne State University with a degree in Social Work, Ms. Crawford began her career doing case management work for the State of Michigan, eventually transitioning to work in fiscal management for Head Start. She then utilized her management and community service experience to successfully run for a seat on the school board of Lincoln Consolidated Schools. During her time on the school board, Ms. Crawford established a reputation as an effective advocate for the district’s students. As a result of her successes, Ms. Crawford was elected school board president of Lincoln Consolidated Schools, making her the first female and black president in the schools’ history. Additionally, Ms. Crawford later started the nonprofit Council for Black Student Achievement, which provided academic assistance and financial support to individuals in need. These initiatives played a critical role in providing impactful aid to the district’s students. Ms. Crawford’s work with Lincoln Consolidated Schools and in the community has helped empower countless students and improve educational outcomes. In addition to her work with the local school system, Ms. Crawford also partnered with local social and community agencies to support efforts to better serve children in the school district. Her exemplary public service and activism have left a lasting legacy in the community, and it is my hope that Lincoln Consolidated Schools can continue to build on these successes. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Margaret Crawford for her work on behalf of Lincoln Consolidated Schools. Ms. Crawford’s trailblazing career has improved the lives of countless students. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize an extraordinary leader, Karen Cleveland, for the incredible impact she has had on individuals, families, and communities in Northern Virginia and to congratulate her on being named Northern Virginia Family Service’s 2017 Community Champion, Ms. Cleveland’s father, Jim Kelly, was a coach and Athletic Director at the University of Cincinnati, and she and her family not only had a strong grasp for health and wellness, but also for working with others. Accordingly, after graduating from the University of Cincinnati in 1978, Ms. Cleveland began her career in Fairfax County teaching aerobics. She knew she wanted to engage with her community, which is why she took an executive position in the Fairfax County Chamber of Commerce in 1986. She then had the opportunity, in 1988, to serve as the first Executive Director for Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce, which at the time was a startup chamber that needed tremendous leadership to grow. At the chamber, she worked to establish business and community relationships, and her efforts included starting initiatives to host awards ceremonies, fundraisers, and more. Additionally, she then went on to serve as the executive vice president of the Association of Sales and Marketing Companies and as the president and CEO of Habitat for Humanity of Northern Virginia. In 2008, Ms. Cleveland received a certificate in leadership coaching from Georgetown University and then started the Cleveland Coaching Group. As a Leadership Coach, she works with executives and emerging leaders to assist them with their personal growth and development. Now as the president and CEO of Leadership Fairfax, Inc., a community leadership development organization, Ms. Cleveland’s expertise has allowed her to empower other individuals and organizations to expand their businesses and explore new opportunities. She has received numerous impressive awards, including being named the YMCA of Metropolitan DC Volunteer of the Year, receiving the EXCEL Award for Nonprofit Leadership Excellence by the Center for Nonprofit Advancement, and more. Ms. Cleveland’s dedication to improving and preserving businesses and leaders is evident through her illustrious career of dedication and impressive accomplishments. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Ms. Karen Cleveland on being named Northern Virginia Family Service’s 2017 Community Champion, and I wish her all the best in her future endeavors. f 
MAY 17 9:30 a.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine aging with community, focusing on building connections that last a lifetime. SD–562 Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine the growing Russian military threat in Europe, focusing on assessing and addressing the challenge. SVC–208 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine current issues in American sports, focusing on protecting the health and safety of American athletes. SR–253 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine improving America’s transportation infrastructure. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 34, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for the en bloc consideration in resolutions of disapproval for ‘‘midnight rules’’, S. 829, to reauthorize the Assistance to Firefighters Grants program, the Fire Prevention and Safety Grants program, and the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response grant program, S. 951, to reform the process by which Federal agencies analyze and formulate new regulations and guidance documents, S. 21, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, S. 577, to require each agency, in providing notice of a rule making, to include a link to a 100 word plain language summary of the proposed rule, S. 584, to amend chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act), to ensure complete analysis of potential impacts on small entities of rules, S. 579, to require agencies to publish an advance notice of proposed rule making for major rules, S. 459, to designate the area between the intersections of Wisconsin Avenue, Northwest and Davis Street, Northwest and Wisconsin Avenue, Northwest and Edmunds Street, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, as ‘‘Boris Nemtsov Plaza’’, S. 595, to provide U.S. Customs and Border Protection with additional flexibility to expedite the hiring process for applicants for law enforcement positions, S. 696, to amend title 5, United States Code, to appropriately limit the authority to award bonuses to Federal employees, S. 504, to permanently authorize the AsiaPacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Program, S. 842, to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contractors from requesting that an applicant for employment disclose criminal history record information before the applicant has received a conditional offer, S. 760, to expand the Government’s use and administration of data to facilitate transparency, effective governance, and innovation, S. 831, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 West Pike Street in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Police Officer Scott Bashioum Post Office Building’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign Authorization Act of 2017’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Federal Agency Customer Experience Act of 2017’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Saving Federal Dollars Through Better Use of Government Purchase and Travel Cards Act of 2017’’. SD–342 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the state of social capital in America today. SD–106 10:30 a.m. Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine running the government for less. SD–608 2 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine military space organization, policy, and programs. SR–222 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Scott P. Brown, of New Hampshire, to be Ambassador to New Zealand, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Independent State of Samoa, Department of State. SD–419 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 458, to support the education of Indian children, S. 691, to extend Federal recognition to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian TribeEastern Division, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappahannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe, and S. 1116, to amend the Native American Business Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000, the Buy Indian Act, and the Native American Programs Act of 1974 to provide industry and economic development opportunities to Indian communities; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office’s high risk list for Indian programs. SD–628 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 23, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to adopt and implement a standard identification protocol for use in the tracking and procurement of biological implants by the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 112, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize per diem payments under comprehensive service programs for homeless veterans to furnish care to dependents of homeless veterans, S. 324, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans, S. 543, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to include in each contract into which the Secretary enters for necessary services authorities and mechanism for appropriate oversight, S. 591, to expand eligibility for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to expand benefits available to participants under such program, to enhance special compensation for members of the uniformed services who require assistance in everyday life, S. 609, to amend the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs Enhancement Act of 2001 and title 38, United States Code, to require the provision of chiropractic care and services to veterans at all Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers and to expand access to such care and services, S. 681, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to women veterans, S. 764, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the enrollment of veterans in certain courses of education, S. 784, to provide for an increase, effective December 1, 2017, in the rates of compensation for veterans with service connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, S. 804, to improve the provision of health care for women veterans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 899, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that the requirements that new Federal employees who are veterans with serviceconnected disabilities are provided leave for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disabilities apply to certain employees of the Veterans Health Administration, S. 1024, to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, S. 1094, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Serving our Rural Veterans Act’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Veteran Partners’ Efforts to Enhance Reintegration Act’’. SR–418 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To hold hearings to examine United States military small arms requirements. SR–232A MAY 18 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Kari A. Bingen, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary, Robert Story Karem, of the District of Columbia, and Kenneth P. Rapuano, of Virginia, both to be an Assistant Secretary, and Ryan Dean Newman, of New Mexico, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army, all of the Department of Defense. SD–G50 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomination of William Francis Hagerty IV, of Tennessee, to be Ambassador to Japan, Department of State. SD–419 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine domestic and international policy. SD–538 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider pending calendar business. SH–216 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine the nomination of David Bernhardt, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of the Interior. SD–366 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 867, to provide support for law enforcement agency efforts to protect the mental health and wellbeing of law enforcement officers, and the nomination of Amul R. Thapar, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. SD–226 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters. SH–219 MAY 23 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine worldwide threats. SD–G50 MAY 24 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine Department of Energy atomic energy defense activities and programs. SD–G50 CANCELLATIONS 
MAY 17 1 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters. SH–219 
MAY 18 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Security Cooperation To hold hearings to examine the Balkan Peninsula, focusing on strengthening democracy and countering malign foreign influence. SD–419 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2923–S2935 Measures Introduced: Eight bills were introduced, as follows: S. 1119–1126.
Measures Reported: S. 218, to restrict the inclusion of social security account numbers on documents sent by mail by the Federal Government, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–62)
Appointments: Health Information Technology Advisory Committee: The Chair, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 114–255, appointed the following individuals to the Health Information Technology Advisory Committee: Steve Ready of Kentucky, and Dr. Anil Jain of Ohio. 
Rosen Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Transportation.
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 52 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 128), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
A unanimousconsent agreement was reached providing for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, May 16, 2017, with the time until 12:30 p.m. equally divided in the usual form; and that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business and Leader remarks count postcloture on the nomination.
           Page S2934 Branstad Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Terry Branstad, of Iowa, to be Ambassador to the People’s Republic of China.
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Rachel L. Brand, of Iowa, to be Associate Attorney General.
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Senate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legislative Session.
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Executive Session to consider the nomination.
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—128)
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and adjourned at 6:12 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, May 16, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2934.) 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 1 public bill, H.R. 2422, was introduced.
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 1892, to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at halfstaff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty (H. Rept. 115–119).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Upton to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 10:02 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Sigal Mandelker, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, Marshall Billingslea, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Terrorist Financing, and Heath P. Tarbert, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of the Treasury, and Mira Radielovic Ricardel, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, to hold hearings to examine leveraging Federal funding, focusing on innovative solutions for infrastructure, 3:15 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine bipartisan Medicare policies that improve care for patients with chronic conditions, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to consider the nomination of John J. Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Deputy Secretary of State, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, Time to be announced, S–216, Capitol. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘American Indian and Alaska Native Public Witness Hearing’’, 9 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘American Indian and Alaska Native Public Witness Hearing’’, 1 p.m., 2007 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1039, the ‘‘Probation Officer Protection Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 115, ‘‘Thin Blue Line Act’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of May 16 through May 19, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Transportation, postcloture. Upon disposition of the nomination of Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Transportation, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Rachel L. Brand, of Iowa, to be Associate Attorney General. And following disposition of the nomination of Rachel L. Brand, of Iowa, to be Associate Attorney General, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Terry Branstad, of Iowa, to be Ambassador to the People’s Republic of China. During the balance of the week, Senate may consider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
Committee on Armed Services: May 17, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine military space organization, policy, and programs, 2 p.m., SR–222. May 17, Subcommittee on Airland, to hold hearings to examine United States military small arms requirements, 3:30 p.m., SR–232A. May 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Kari A. Bingen, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary, Robert Story Karem, of the District of Columbia, and Kenneth P. Rapuano, of Virginia, both to be an Assistant Secretary, and Ryan Dean Newman, of New Mexico, to be General Counsel 
Committee on Agriculture, May 17, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘State of the Rural Economy: Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, May 17, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘American Indian and Alaska Native Public Witness Hearing’’, 9 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. May 17, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, oversight hearing entitled ‘‘Advances in Biomedical Research’’, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. May 17, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing entitled ‘‘House of Representatives: FY 2018 Budget’’, 10 a.m., HT–2 Capitol. May 17, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘American Indian and Alaska Native Public Witness Hearing’’, 1 p.m., 2007 Rayburn. May 17, Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, oversight hearing on the Judiciary, 2 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. May 17, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Architect of the Capitol: FY 2018 Budget’’, 2 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. May 18, Subcommittee on Homeland Security, oversight hearing entitled ‘‘Coast Guard Requirements, Priorities and Future Acquisition Plans’’, 8 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. May 18, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Emerging Transportation Technologies’’, 10 a.m., 2358–A Rayburn. May 18, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Capitol Police: FY 2018 Budget’’, 10 a.m., HT–2 Capitol. May 18, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Library of Congress: FY 2018 Budget’’, 2:30 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. Committee on Armed Services, May 17, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Initial Findings of the Section 809 Panel: Setting the Path for Streamlining and Improving Defense Acquisition’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. May 17, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Military Personnel Posture: FY 2018’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. May 18, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Amphibious Warfare in a Contested Environment’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. May 19, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Priorities and Posture of the National Security Space Enterprise’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, May 17, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2353, the ‘‘Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. May 18, Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing entitled ‘‘Regulatory Barriers Facing Workers and Families Saving for Retirement’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Joint Economic Committee: May 17, to hold hearings to examine the state of social capital in America today, 10 a.m., SD–106. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: May 17, to hold hearings to examine the growing Russian military threat in Europe, focusing on assessing and addressing the challenge, 9:30 a.m., SVC–208. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 16 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Jeffrey A. Rosen, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Transportation, postcloture. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, May 16 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of the following measures under suspension of the Rules: (1) H.R. 510— Rapid DNA Act of 2017, (2) H.R. 1892—Honoring Hometown Heroes Act, (3) H.R. 1428—American Law Enforcement Heroes Act of 2017, and (4) H.R. 1616— Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act of 2017. 
HOUSE Comstock, Barbara, Va., E629, E629, E630 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E629, E630 Walden, Greg, Ore., E630 