Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize this year’s Sacramento Japanese American Citizens League’s (JACL) high school scholarship recipients. As the members of the Sacramento JACL, the student’s and their families gather to celebrate, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in recognizing these deserving young men and women. Each year, the JACL provides scholarships to a select group of high school students who have demonstrated outstanding academic ex-cellence and achievement, as well as commu-nity service and a desire to pursue higher edu-cation. This year, five outstanding students will receive scholarships provided by dedicated members of JACL, VFW Post 8985, and the community. This year, Kiyomi A. Sun is receiv-ing the Harry and Kinu Masaki Memorial Scholarship and the Nisei VFW Post 8985 Scholarship. Allie T. Umemoto is receiving the Kiyoto and Rika Kawakami Memorial Scholar-ship, and the Noboru and Akiko May Shirai Memorial Scholarship. Kyle W. W. Kawakami is receiving the Fumio Jesse and Kiyoko Miyao Memorial Scholarship and The Nikkei Singles Club Scholarship. Cody M. Kurahara the Harry and Kinu Masaki Memorial Scholar-ship and the Nisei VFW Post 8985 Scholar-ship. And last but not least, Nozomi M. Schmoock is receiving the Sacramento JACL Chapter Scholarship. The Sacramento Japanese American Citi-zens League is dedicated to protecting com-munities affected by bigotry and injustice as well as advancing the civil rights of all Ameri-cans. It also helps to guide the Japanese American community to further social and eco-nomic equality. I trust that the students being recognized will carry this tradition forward to protect and help fight for the civil rights of all of our citizens and remain engaged in their communities. Mr. Speaker, as these students are being honored by the Japanese American Citizens League members, I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing them success in their future en-deavors. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SERGEANT ERIC SOSSOMAN’S SERVICE TO OUR COMMUNITY WITH THE CABARRUS COUNTY SHERIFF’S DEPARTMENT 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 1, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sergeant Eric Sossoman for his 28 years of service with the Cabarrus County Sheriff’s Department in North Carolina’s Eighth Congressional District. Growing up in Cabarrus County, Sergeant Sossoman always had a profound sense of duty to his hometown. In 1989, he began his career at the Sheriff’s Department, starting in communications the very day Hurricane Hugo ripped through our state. Since then, Sergeant Sossoman has held many positions with the Sheriff’s Department, including the Civil Divi-sion where he became the Department’s first Social Services officer, the Crime Prevention Division, Recruitment and Retention Division and as a member of the SWAT team. Throughout his career, Sergeant Sossoman has exhibited unwavering commitment to our community and we are fortunate to have had him as a leader for all these years. Some of the many notable accomplishments during his career include bringing back the Crime Stop-pers program, which was so successful that he was named the President of the North Carolina Association of Crime Stoppers, and coordinating the county’s annual Law Day, which honors fallen officers from Cabarrus County, the state and nationwide. It is my hope that Sergeant Sossoman will enjoy his retirement and remain a role model for all those he helped over the years. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in hon-oring the career of Sergeant Eric Sossoman for his service to our community. We all wish him well as he begins the next chapter of his life in retirement. f 
HONORING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF SERVICE BY REV-EREND DR. AMOS C. BROWN 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 1, 2017 Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise with pride today to join my beloved city in recognizing the 40th Anniversary of Reverend Dr. Amos C. Brown as the pastor of the Third Baptist Church of San Francisco and honoring his life-time of moral leadership, political activism and spiritual guidance. Born and raised in Jackson, Mississippi, Reverend Brown’s history of activism and his deep involvement in the civil rights movement began at an early age. He was only a teen-ager when he assumed leadership of his local NAACP chapter and was driven cross-country to San Francisco by activist Medgar Evers to meet the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. Later, Brown attended Morehouse College where he was hand-selected by King as one of his eight students, inspiring him to seek a lifetime of service on behalf of civil rights and social justice. He was arrested together with Dr. King during a lunch counter sit-in Atlanta department store, and became one of the fearless Freedom Riders in 1961. Brown received both a Mastery of Divinity from Crozer Theological Seminary and a Doc-tor of Ministry from United Theological Semi-nary. Our city was fortunate to welcome the Pastor and his beloved wife Jane Smith Brown in 1976, when they made San Francisco their home and the Third Baptist Church their place of worship and leadership. Brown’s vision of the church as a holy place of prayer, and also a place of civic engage-ment and social action, transformed the Third Baptist Church into a congregation at the fore-front of the fight for civil rights. His unwavering belief in future generations drove the church to establish a summer school program, an after- school academic enrichment program, ‘‘Back on Track’’, and the Charles A. Tindley Acad-emy of Music. Brown’s influence also extended beyond his local community when the church sponsored 80 children from Tanzania to receive heart surgery in the United States, and his con-gregation sponsored more African refugees than any other local congregation in the na-tion. This global reach and visionary leader-ship was recognized when Brown was ap-pointed as a delegate to the 2001 United Na-tions Conference on Race and Intolerance in Durban, South Africa, representing the Na-tional Board of the NAACP. Closer to home, Brown was awarded the Martin Luther King Jr. Ministerial Award for outstanding leadership and contributions to the Black Church in America and he was inducted into the International Hall of Fame of the King International Chapel at Morehouse College. He has served as the president of the NAACP Branch in San Francisco, as a San Francisco Community College Trustee and as a San Francisco County Supervisor. A passionate fighter and voice for the most vulnerable in our community, Reverend Amos Brown has served as a source of change, strength and faith for 40 years. I congratulate him, along with his wife Jane and his children Amos C. Brown Jr., David Josephus and Kizzie Marie, on this milestone celebration and extend my best wishes as he continues to lead and inspire our community. 
f 
HONORING THE CRANE FAMILY 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 1, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Richard, Cindy and Jen-nifer Crane for receiving the annual Leader-ship in Agriculture Award from the Santa Rosa Metro Chamber. Richard Hope Crane arrived in California in 1849 as part of the great California Gold Rush. A few years later, the family settled in Santa Rosa. They built Crane Melon Barn on Petaluma Hill Road in 1868. The Barn is made entirely of redwood and has survived several major earthquakes with no damage. Richard’s son, Oliver, developed and began selling Crane Melons out of the Barn in the 1920’s. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Sep 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01SE8.001 E01SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1152 September 1, 2017 
Today, the Crane family owns and operates Crane Canyon Ranch, The Crane Melon Barn and Crane Vineyard. In addition to their fa-mous Crane Melons, the family ranch sells watermelons, heirloom tomatoes, Crane Melon Honey, organic Sonoma County walnuts and metal sculptures by Richard. Crane Vineyard is a four-acre pinot noir vineyard on the ranch. Rick and Jennifer are fifth and sixth generation Sonoma County farmers. The Crane family are active members of our community, with members serving on the Sonoma County Fair Board, Harvest Fair Board, Farm Bureau, 4–H Foundation Board and Farm Trails. The Santa Rosa Metro Chamber has recog-nized long-standing leadership in the commu-nity and successful maintenance of agricultural enterprises with its Leadership in Agriculture Award for over forty years. The Crane family is very deserving of this award. They work hard to develop excellent produce, serve our community, and maintain the great tradition of family farming in Sonoma County. Mr. Speaker, the Crane family has been farming in Sonoma County for six generations. They are leaders in sustainable farming and contribute honorably to our community. I am proud to have such a hardworking family living in our District. It is fitting and proper that we honor them here today. 
f 
EXPRESSING SOLIDARITY WITH THE PEOPLE OF TEXAS AF-FECTED BY HURRICANE HARVEY 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 1, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to report to the House on Hurricane Harvey, the historic storm that has devastated the Gulf Coast and my city of Houston, Texas. As a senior member and a resident of the city of Houston, I was there and witnessed the devastation that the storm wrought. Hurricane Harvey has declared war on America’s Gulf Coast, and as Americans, we must respond. We will need emergency supplemental ap-propriations for Southeast Texas, and the Houston metroplex, to provide support to local, state, and federal government agencies in as-sisting with flood remediation, recovery, victim services, and reconstruction following the cat-astrophic damage caused by historic flooding. So far, Harvey has dumped an estimated 11 trillion gallons of water in the Houston area. The relentless rain has inundated homes, decimated area roadways and turned neigh-borhoods into unrecognizable lakes. Large portions of the Bayou City have been overwhelmed by rainfall amounts that occur only once in every thousand years. To comprehend the level of destruction, the volume of water that has fallen could fill the Astrodome more than 24 thousand times over and power Niagara Falls for 15 days. The disastrous events this week have been punctuated by the tragic loss of life. In Houston, at least 44 people have lost their lives, including veteran police officer Sgt. Steve Perez, 60, who had worked for 34 years with the Houston Police Department. Sgt. Perez was trying to serve and protect others when he was swept away by the rising waters. Sgt. Perez, who worked in the traffic en-forcement division, left home around 4 a.m. Sunday to drive to his duty station downtown but could not find a path because flooding caused by tropical storm Harvey had made many roads impassable. A family of six attempting to flee their home perished when their vehicle was swept into Greens Bayou. Samuel ‘‘Sammy’’ Saldivar was driving east-bound on Green River Road near John Ral-ston Road Sunday when rising water in Greens Bayou overcame the van. Sammy was travelling with his elderly par-ents, Manuel Saldivar, 84, and Belia, 81. Also in the van were the great-grandchildren of his parents: Daisy Saldivar, 6, Xavier Saldivar, 8, Dominic Saldivar, 14, and Devy Saldivar, 16. A Neither Houston nor any city in the nation has ever experienced flooding of this mag-nitude. Our valiant emergency responders are over-taxed and citizen rescues have become a crit-ical source of assistance in saving lives. So far the Coast Guard alone has saved more than 6,000 Lives in Houston. At times like this, I am so proud to be an American and to call Houston home. We are a close community that comes to-gether to overcome any challenge that stands in our way. Mr. Speaker, this is why we need Congress and the President to provide immediate emer-gency funding and resources commensurate with the crisis at hand, and that means a min-imum of $150 billion is needed now and much more later. I ask the House to observe a moment of si-lence in memory of all those who perished in Hurricane Harvey. 
f 
HONORING MS. LEE PAULSEN 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 1, 2017 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Lee Paulsen, the Hon-orary Grand Marshal for the 56th Annual Labor Day Parade in Newtown, Connecticut. Since 1962, this annual celebration has brought together the people of Newtown and western Connecticut, and this year’s orga-nizers invited Lee to head the parade in rec-ognition of her decades of selfless work to help those most in need in our community. Lee moved to Newtown in 1972 with her family, and she quickly became known among her neighbors for her generosity. She has worked at the FAITH Food Pantry since its in-ception in 1983, and her efforts have been in-strumental in keeping its doors open to those in need through economic downturns, the relo-cation of the food pantry, and other challenges facing the organization. Her neighbors in Newtown know Lee for her kindness, humility, and sincere commitment to helping others. Those who work with Lee note that she does not seek recognition or atten-tion, but nonetheless, everyone knows Lee as an inspiring and altruistic person. The Labor Day Parade’s fitting theme, Labor of Love, this year recognizes Lee’s decades of work and encourages all of us to reflect on how we can contribute to our community. Lee sets a re-markable example as a caring citizen, and she has made Newtown a more generous and welcoming place through her years of work at FAITH. Mr. Speaker, Lee Paulsen has been a lead-ing member of our community who shares her time and knowledge to help those in need in Newtown. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today, and thank her for inspiring others to engage in a Labor of Love. f 
L. RAFAEL REIF AND THE DE-FERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS PROGRAM 
HON. MICHAEL E. CAPUANO 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 1, 2017 Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the powerful words of L. Rafael Reif, president of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, on DACA, ‘‘Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals.’’ Mr. Reif notes MIT’s com-mitment to intellectual excellence, merit, and national service in support of DACA. He is himself a proud naturalized citizen of the United States. 
[From the Boston Globe, Aug. 31, 2017] T
RUMP SHOULD NOTREPEAL DACA (By L. Rafael Reif) President Trump is reportedly considering a repeal of ‘‘DACA,’’ the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. The immediate pressure: a threat of legal action by a num-ber of states to end the program, which sets a Sept. 5 deadline for the White House to act. As the president of one of America’s lead-ing technical universities—an institution built on intellectual excellence, a meritocratic openness to talent, and a long tradition of national service—I believe re-pealing DACA would be a mistake. Repeal would be no more than a rejection of a policy and of thousands of human beings. Repeal is not, however, a solution for the country or for the young people directly involved. I strongly urge the president and Congress to find a path that better serves us all. Created in 2012 by executive action, DACA addresses the problem of young people brought to this country without documenta-tion when they were under 16, a group some-times known as Dreamers. DACA invites them to declare themselves openly to the government. In return, provided that they meet strict criteria, such as having earned a high school diploma, being enrolled in higher education or engaged in the military, and having committed no serious crime, DACA allows them a Social Security number, a driver’s license, authorization to work—and perhaps above all, relief from the fear of being deported. DACA is not a path to per-manent citizenship; it grants a temporary but renewable opportunity for a normal life. And it applies only to the fixed pool of those who were brought to the US as children be-fore June 2007. Repeal would run counter to our national interest in at least two ways. First, it would remove productive workers from our econ-omy, while costing the US government tens of billions in lost future tax revenues and the direct costs of deportation. And because Dreamers are, by definition, products of the US education system, driving them out would be throwing away a tremendous na-tional investment. We should treat these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Sep 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01SE8.004 E01SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1153 September 1, 2017 
educated, English-speaking strivers not as a burden, but as a resource. Repeal also strikes me as a violation of deep American principles. The plight of the Dreamers presents a profound question of fairness. Often starting from harsh personal circumstances, these young people have done what any American family might dream of for their child: Study hard, aim high, and earn a degree or a place in college or the military, on the road to a productive career. They are undocumented through no fault of their own. And when offered an opportunity to come out of the shadows, they did—be-cause they trusted that our government would not punish them for it. Could we ask for more, from any Amer-ican? Yet, as we see at MIT and at campuses across the country, the threat of DACA re-peal is subjecting these young people to bru-tal uncertainty. Now, because of decisions made for them when they were children, they fear losing the opportunities they earned, the communities they think of as home, and the nation they love. The surest way to provide the certainty these students deserve is for Congress to pass legislation protecting these Dreamers. As many polls have found, the vast majority of Americans oppose repeal of DACA. And many members of Congress, on both sides of the aisle, have proposed humane and sensible legislative solutions. So I ask, in this urgent moment, that we unite as Americans in calling on Congress to bring a bill to the floor as soon as possible— and calling on Trump to allow Congress the time to get this right. I came to this country 43 years ago. The US immigration system worked well for me. It granted me a student visa and eventually a green card. Years later, on a beautiful day that I will never forget, I became an Amer-ican citizen. I have the particular patriotism of an immigrant, rooted in deep gratitude and appreciation for a country founded on a dream of fairness. I urge Trump and the Con-gress to find a sound, stable legislative path to keep that promise if fairness for the Dreamers, too. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 75TH AN-NIVERSARY OF MARINES LAND-ING AT GUADALCANAL 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 1, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 75th Anniversary of our United States Marines’ landing at Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands during World War II. Three- quarters of a century after this momentous event, the memory and sacrifice of these brave men should not be forgotten. On August 7, 1942, Marines joined by our allies landed on the shores of the Solomon Is-lands to deny their use to our then-adversary, Imperial Japan. These Marines were joined by U.S. Navy vessels, as well as by ships and troops supplied by our Australian and British allies, in a series of 26 land and naval battles that collectively became known as the Battle of Guadalcanal. Two of our future presidents served there: John F. Kennedy and Richard M. Nixon. Other Solomon Islanders served bravely as the famous Coastwatchers, pro-viding the early warnings that allowed our out-numbered Marines to prevail against their en-emies. Today, we look to the future with the knowledge that the Marines’ landing on this day three-quarters of a century ago was an important turning point in World War II’s Pa-cific Theater. To commemorate this important event, Ma-rines and private citizens are currently in the process of dedicating a new monument atop the battlefield known as Bloody Ridge in Gua-dalcanal. Their efforts are supported and aided by the citizens and government of the Solomon Islands. The approaching ceremony to occur on the famous Bloody Ridge battle site recognizes the unity of spirit that today prevails among our allies and former adver-saries, all of which are now charged with maintaining peace in the Pacific Ocean. Mr, Speaker, as the efforts to create a monument to the heroism displayed by so many at Guadalcanal move forward, I ask my colleagues to join me in remembering the 75th anniversary of our Marines’ historic landing at Guadalcanal. f 
HONORING SOPHIA BOQUIST 
HON. BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 1, 2017 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sophia Boquist for earning her Congressional Award Silver Medal. These awards are given to outstanding young individ-uals who meet specific standards for voluntary public service, personal development, physical fitness, and exploration. Sophia volunteered in a community award ceremony, cleaned a park trail, volunteered at the Travis Manion Foun-dation Heroes’ Run and worked as a volunteer aide at the Ivy Hill Therapeutic Equestrian Center. Additionally, Sophia spent time devel-oping her ability as a pianist and her skill as a diver. As a final step, Sophia showed great leadership in planning and executing a two- day canoe trip down the Delaware River. Sophia’s commitment to public service and motivation to better herself should serve as an example to all of us. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF H. RES. 274 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 1, 2017 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to highlight the Baha’i Faith as Iran’s larg-est religious minority group which has been subjected to state-sponsored persecution that has intensified since the Islamic Revolution of 1979. State-sponsored media has dissemi-nated over 1,500 anti-Baha’i pieces every month in 2016, inciting hatred against the Baha’i community. After Baha’is were barred from attending or teaching in Iranian universities, the Baha’i In-stitute for Higher Education (BIHE), an infor-mal higher education system, was created in 1987 by members of the Baha’i community in Iran. In recent years, faculty and staff have been arrested and imprisoned for their partici-pation in BIHE. We must be very clear that education is not a crime. In any diplomatic engagement with Iran, I urge the administration to make human rights and religious freedom, including the per-secuted Baha’is, an integral part of the dia-logue. I fully support House Resolution 274, which condemns the government of Iran’s state sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights. f 
REMEMBERING JOSEPH CALABRIA 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 1, 2017 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in mem-ory of Staten Island’s Joseph Calabria, who passed away on July 28, 2017, at the age of 86. A lifelong New Yorker, Joseph grew up in Brooklyn where he met his childhood sweet-heart Josephine at a dance hall on Coney Is-land, whom he married in 1957. He nobly fought for his country during the Korean War. After joining the Army in October 1951, Jo-seph was responsible for delivering supplies and munitions to his fellow soldiers. When the war ended, he served his country further by tirelessly advocating for veterans. As the former Commander of the local Ko-rean War Veterans chapter, Joseph never stopped fighting for his brothers who wore the uniform. He was instrumental in changing the name of the Richmond Parkway to the Korean War Veterans Parkway. Moreover, he was in-fluential in renaming P.S. 6 after Corporal Allan F. Kivlehan. These were no small feats, but Joseph never grew tired of fighting for those who put their life on the line for their country. Joseph was also proud of his blue-collar roots. Working as a longshoreman for over forty years, he showed his compassion for the fellow working man by supporting them as a delegate for Local 856. Furthermore, Joseph was also a loving father to four wonderful chil-dren and a devoted grandfather to two. Mr. Speaker, Joseph Calabria has spent his life in service to veterans, community, and country. I am saddened that he is no longer with us, but I know his compassion and patri-otism will live on. He led a selfless life and for that, I salute him. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE JEFFER-SON CITY JAYS’ BASEBALL TEAM 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 1, 2017 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the Jefferson City Jays’ Baseball Team on their first place win in the 2017 Mis-souri Class 5 Baseball State Championship. This team and their coaches should be com-mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. The team members include senior players Cole Ahrens, Kade Franks, Hayden 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Sep 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01SE8.007 E01SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1154 September 1, 2017 
Hirschvogel, Gaven Strobel, Gunnar See, Jacob Weirich, Brandon Williams, and Grant Wood. The junior players include Nolan Binkley, Tyler Bise, Payton Bodenstab, Cade Galbraith, Mason Hansen, Reece Neighbors, Michael Skinner, Ryan Sturm, Joseph Travis, and Chad Volmert. The sophomore players in-clude Landon Dunlap, Tucker Schwartz, Jack Shinkle, Blake Terry, and Justin Wood. The coaches that led this team to victory are Head Coach Brian Ash and Assistant Coaches J.R. Simmons, Kyle Lasley, Jim Womack, Steve Lochhead, and Brett Skinner. Throughout this winning year, the Jays had a record of 31 wins and 2 losses. Additionally, they received a ranking of No. 1 in Missouri and No. 18 in the nation by Baseball America Sports Writers. This state championship win was the first Jays baseball state title in 28 years. The team and the Jefferson City community are particularly proud of Head Coach Brian Ash and Assistant Coach J.R. Simmons. Coach Ash has been honored as the USA Today Missouri Coach of the Year as well as the National High School Coach of the Year by the American Baseball Coaches Associa-tion. Assistant Coach J.R. Simmons has been honored as the Regional Assistant Coach of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches Association. These awards are a tes-tament to the dedication these coaches have to their team and their sport. I ask you to join me in recognizing the Jef-ferson City Jays’ Baseball Team for a job well done. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WHITE OAKS MALL’S 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 1, 2017 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the White Oaks Mall on celebrating their 40th Anniversary. For forty years, White Oaks Mall has provided Springfield area shop-pers with a wide range of options. In 1977, when White Oaks Mall first opened their doors, it was the largest retail shopping space outside of Chicago, covering nearly one million square feet. Currently, the mall features a wide variety of stores for consumers to choose ranging from fashion, sporting goods, electronics, home de´cor, dining and more. The mall also features entertainment for parents and children as they can enjoy a round of glow-in-the-dark miniature golf. The White Oaks Mall has been and con-tinues to be an institution for the greater Springfield area. Congratulations on a pros-perous forty years, and I wish them many more years of success. RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBU-TIONS OF THE NATIONAL SOCI-ETY DAUGHTERS OF THE AMER-ICAN REVOLUTION, SARAH BAR-TON MURPHY CHAPTER HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 1, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the National Society Daughters of the American Revolution, Sarah Barton Murphy Chapter, as they celebrate their 62nd Anniversary in Farmington, Missouri. The chapter is an incredible asset to the commu-nity, especially as they commemorate the 230th Anniversary of U.S. Constitution Week, September 17 through 23, 2017. To help preserve our American heritage through this national observance, the Sarah Barton Murphy Chapter encourages 5th grade students in St. Francois County to participate in ‘‘Ring Bells for Freedom.’’ They promote displays in six libraries in three counties and books on Colonial founders to help residents retrace the American story. The Chapter asks all residents of St. Fran-cois County to study our nation’s birth through the events that led to the drafting of the Con-stitution and its signing on September 17, 1787. The Sarah Barton Murphy Chapter of the National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution works tirelessly to keep their communities aware of America’s amazing heritage. I am honored to recognize the chap-ter today before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MARJORIE BENBOW AND HER APPOINT-MENT TO THE NORTH CAROLINA STATE BOARD OF COMMUNITY COLLEGES 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 1, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Marjorie ‘‘Margie’’ Benbow on her recent appointment to the North Carolina State Board of Community Colleges and the North Carolina Community College Board of Trust-ees. I’ve known Margie for many years, and be-lieve she will make an excellent addition to these boards. Educated in North Carolina, Ms. Benbow graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and went on to receive both her Juris Doctor and Masters of Business Administration from Wake Forest University. Since finishing school, she has ap-plied her education to community service and helping those who need it most. Over the years, Ms. Benbow has dedicated her life to furthering the state of North Caro-lina. Currently practicing law at Moretz & Skufca, Ms. Benbow focuses on technology transfer, licensing, corporate matters and dis-tillery & brewery law while simultaneously serving on the Rowan-Cabarrus College Board of Trustees. Prior to her legal work, she served as Science and Technology Officer for the state’s fourth-largest hospital system and as the Executive Director for the region’s North Carolina Biotechnology Center. Ms. Benbow has served in nearly every leadership role imaginable. She served on the boards of the NC School of Science and Math, NC Sus-tainable Energy Association, Charlotte Ventureprise, NC Motorsports Foundation, In-stitute of Political Leadership, Charlotte Area Science Network and Leadership North Caro-lina. Ms. Benbow is an excellent nomination to the North Carolina State Board of Community Colleges. Her dedication to North Carolina earned her a spot as one of Charlotte’s 50 Most Influential Women and one of Charlotte USA’s 20 Most Dynamic Women. I am ex-tremely grateful for Ms. Benbow’s service to our community and I wish her continued suc-cess. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in con-gratulating Marjorie Benbow on her appoint-ment to the North Carolina State Board of Community Colleges and the North Carolina Community College Board of Trustees. f 
REMEMBERING MR. MARIO GUTIERREZ 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, September 1, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, it is with pro-found sadness that I rise to honor the life of Mr. Mario Gutierrez. I ask my colleagues to join me in tribute to Mario’s truly remarkable life. His work has saved countless lives, and there will be a significant void without him. Mario’s impact on telehealth is immeas-urable. His work at CCHP has profoundly im-pacted the telehealth policy landscape on both the state and federal level. He served as a program director with The California Endow-ment for twelve years and as a senior pro-gram officer with The Sierra Health Founda-tion for six years. Mario always viewed tele-health as a means to ultimately achieve what he firmly believed and fought to accomplish: to make sure that every person, no matter how poor or how isolated, could access high-qual-ity healthcare. Mario’s work researching and supporting telehealth innovations has helped children in remote rural communities receive life-saving treatment from world-renowned physicians, and has explored the potential of connecting health care providers in Mexico with undocu-mented individuals needing care in California. Mario and his wife would often spearhead and lead medical missions to other countries to provide medical care for people in need, who may have never otherwise received vital med-ical treatment. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the life of Mr. Mario Gutierrez and in offering our condolences to his wife, family, and colleagues. His life’s work will con-tinue to improve the lives of so many people and those who knew him will truly miss him. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Sep 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01SE8.012 E01SEPT1
D909 Friday, September 1, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 3:00:03 p.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 3:00:33 p.m. until 3:00 p.m., on Tuesday, September 5, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 4 public bills, H.R. 3668–3671; and 1 resolution, .Res. 499, were introduced.
                                                Pages H6631–32 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H6632 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3202, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a report on cyber vulnerability disclosures, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–283); H.R. 3284, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a Joint Counterterrorism Aware-ness Workshop Series, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–284); and H. Con. Res. 69, authorizing the use of the Cap-itol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run (H. Rept. 115–285).
                                                                      Page H6631 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Francis Rooney (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                     Page H6631 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rabbi Arnold E. Resnicoff, Retired Chaplain, U.S. Navy, Washington, DC.
       Page H6631 Quorum Calls Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 1 p.m. and ad-journed at 1:03 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 3354, the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’ [Make America Secure and Prosperous Appropriations Act, 2018], 4 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 Sep 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01SE7.REC D01SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD910 September 1, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Tuesday, September 5 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Timothy J. Kelly, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2 p.m., Tuesday, September 5 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Capuano, Michael E., Mass., E1152 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1153 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1152 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E1153 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1151, E1154 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1152 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1154 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1153 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1153 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1151, E1153, E1154 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E1151 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1154 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1151 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 Sep 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D01SE7.REC D01SEPT1