Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a dedicated and accomplished man from our City, former Pennsylvania State Representative, Peter D. Truman. Peter was born in the City of Philadelphia on January 13, 1935. He received his Bachelor of Business Administration from Florida State Christian College and attended New York State University. From 1959 to 1967, he served as an officer on the Philadelphia Police Department and in 1968, he served as a constable to the 3rd Ward of Philadelphia. After, he worked as assistant to the chief clerk in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives (1968 to 1971). From 1970 to 1982, he served as president of the 3rd Ward Committeeman Association. From 1971 to 1972, he was the director of the Pennsylvania Bureau of General Services. From 1972 to 1973, he worked as the regional director to the Pennsylvania Department of Commerce and was an administrative assistant to the Sheriff of Philadelphia (1973 to 1975). Further, Peter served as director of the Pennsylvania Bureau of General Services (1971 to 1972) and regional director of the Pennsylvania Department of Commerce (1972 to 1973). After, he was an administrative assistant to the Sheriff of Philadelphia (1973 to 1975) and deputy chief clerk to the Philadelphia Traffic Court (1979 to 1982). Additionally, he was a leader of the 3rd Ward Democratic Committee (1982). Admirably, he was elected as a Democrat to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 1983, 1985 and 1987 terms. He resigned from the House, January 4, 1988. He also served as Clerk of Quarter Sessions for the City of Philadelphia (1988 to 1992). In addition to his diverse career of public service, Peter is the founder of DanSilo Consultants. The 2nd Congressional District of Pennsylvania extends gratitude to Peter Truman for his dedicated support to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Village West Pool on the occasion of its 50th anniversary. This historic milestone is a testament to the strength of community spirit in Fairfax County and throughout Northern Virginia. The neighborhood of West Springfield was developed in 1966 by the Richmarr Construction Company. Richmarr generously donated land on which to build a community pool however, financing the construction of the pool itself was left to the community. Determined to take advantage of the opportunity to improve their neighborhood, the citizens of West Springfield came together to raise the necessary funds and one year later, on July 4, 1967, the Village West Pool opened. Since that time, generations of residents have enjoyed facility. Three levels of swimming programs are offered including the Vikings for swimmers aged 4 to 18. This is a competitive swim team and is part of the Northern Virginia Swim League, the largest summer swim league in the nation. The Little Vikings is the developmental team and also swims in certain meets, including the Lollipop Meet. There is also a Learn to Swim program for very young swimmers who are not yet comfortable in the water. To encourage community spirit and camaraderie, The Pavilion is available to rent for local parties and gatherings. In addition, pool membership fees are discounted to all who agree to volunteer during the pool season. Mr. Speaker, the health of a community can be judged through its level of civic engagement. The creation of the Village West Pool and its innovative programs are a testament to the level of civic engagement that is present in West Springfield and in fact, throughout Fairfax County. A group of citizens decided that they wanted to do something to make their community better and they set about doing just that. This willingness to work together to achieve a common goal speaks volumes on the health of our communities. Fairfax County remains one of the best places in the country in which to live, work and raise a family due to the efforts of individuals like the ones that came together to create the Village West Pool and the current residents and members who are committed to maintaining and preserving this neighborhood asset. I commend the Pool’s Board and the entire West Springfield Civic Association for reaching this historic milestone and ask my colleagues to join me in wishing them great success in their future endeavors. f 
ADDITIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR DISASTER RELIEF REQUIREMENTS ACT, 2017 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the disaster supplement because it provides critical funds to help rebuild communities in the U.S. states and territories, including Puerto Rico. Although I support this bill, I am concerned it is not enough. For example, it fails to provide funds for Community Development Block Grants, critical health care needs, Social Services Block Grants and public housing assistance. I am proud to represent one of the largest Puerto Rican communities in the United States. Since the hurricane, I have worked closely with federal and state authorities to ensure help is delivered to the island in an efficient manner. In addition, I have worked closely with Puerto Rican communities in my Congressional district to answer questions and help them reconnect with friends and family. We need to assure people in these devastated areas Congress will stand with them in the short and long term—provide comfort and immediate needs now and also funds to rebuild infrastructure and restore and strengthen their economy that will sustain well into the future. As these funds are dispersed, it is imperative they are managed responsibly so storm victims don’t become targets of shady outsiders or crooked business owners. This week, President Trump once again let down the people of Puerto Rico by announcing he plans to prematurely pull the military, FEMA and other critical agency support from the island. This approach is irresponsible and dangerous. The island and its people are still fragile and need to rebuild, not be burdened with further anxiety and uncertainty. f 
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a dedicated and courageous man from North Philadelphia, Alphonso ‘‘Al’’ Deal, a retired Philadelphia Police Officer and former Philadelphia State Representative. Al was born in Watertown, Florida. From 1941 to 1945, he served in the U.S. Army for four years as a Military Policeman, where he actively led protests against segregation. As an honorable discharge, he settled in Philadelphia and secured employment at the Edward G. Budd Company. While there, he was appointed chairman of the union’s first Fair Employment Antidiscrimination Committee and Chairman of the Education Committee. In 1954, Al became a Philadelphia Police Officer where he dedicated his career and life to improving the lives of others. Specifically, he aimed to end unfair police tactics and brutality. To do so, he organized the Guardian Civic League to better relations and understanding between the police and community. Under his leadership the Guardian Civic sponsored various programs such as food baskets for the needy during Christmas and Thanksgiving, sending underprivileged children to Summer Camp, serving as chaperones to teenage programs, supporting revised Fair Housing Legislation and cooperating with other Civic groups to further their efforts in general service to the community. Further, Al served as the first Black man to be assigned to the Labor Squad. 
In 1969, Al took a leave of absence train and raised $52,000 for the Fayette, Mississippi Police Department. The funds raised provided the Fayette Police Department with a much needed police car. Upon his return, in 1980, he was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and served from 1981 to 1987. Al dedicated his life to improving the lives of African Americans and was an active member of the NAACP since 1948. He served on various committees, became vicepresident, and finally President of the North Philadelphia ‘‘Action’’ branch. Approximately 200 awards from the National, State, and Community NAACP Branches have been presented to either Al individually or to the North Philadelphia ‘‘Action’’ Branch for outstanding achievement. Likewise, the National Black Police Association created a scholarship in honor of Al Deal. In addition to receiving numerous awards and honors, Al served on the Board of Trustees at Temple University. Although Al faced adversity, it served as a stepping stone to carry on his work of improving the lives of others. The 2nd Congressional District of Pennsylvania extends gratitude to Al ‘‘The People’s Champion’’ for his dedicated support to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
CELEBRATING THE MILITARY SERVICE OF CAPTAIN KELLIE BYERLY, (RET.) 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank a great man for his military service, Captain Kellie S. Byerly, USN (Ret). Captain Byerly was born in Danville, Illinois on October 19, 1939. He began his prestigious twenty sevenyear Naval career in Long Beach, California. Captain Byerly served in numerous managerial positions on the USS John Paul Jones (DDG–32) and as Chief Engineer of the USS Decatur (DDG–31). Captain Bylery later worked as a Professor of Naval Science at the State University of New York Maritime College. Captain Byerly held commands as: Executive Officer of the guided missile destroyers USS Hoel (DDG–13) and USS Robinson (DDG–12). He later served as Commodore of Task Force SixtyThree in Naples, Italy. Captain Byerly concluded his Naval career as Senior Inspector for the Propulsion Examination Board in San Diego, California. Following his retirement from the United States Navy, Captain Byerly worked supervising operations in power plants around the world. He was hired by Stewart and Stevenson, an independent power company based in Houston as Vice President of Operations for the company’s western region. He later served with General Electric as Vice President of Central American and Western United States regions. Captain Byerly concluded his career with the Calpine Corporation, as Vice President of Operations for the company’s Central Region. Captain Byerly is married to Deborah L. Byerly who he met in Bremerton, Washington while his ship, the USS Robinson (DDG–12) was undergoing an overhaul. After retiring from the Navy, Captain and Mrs. Byerly became residents of Nassau Bay, Texas in 1991 and have enjoyed being part of the community ever since. Mrs. Byerly has worked for the NASA Johnson Space Center for over twenty years. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Captain Kellie Byerly for his many years of selfless service to our great nation in the United States Navy. f 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an important member of our local civil society. The Vienna Host Lions Club, based in the Town of Vienna in Fairfax County, Virginia, is observing its 75th anniversary this year. Originally chartered on May 7, 1942 as the Arlington Host Lions Club, the Vienna Host Lions Club has spent threequarters of a century working to improve the community around them. Indeed, it currently holds the distinction of being the oldest community service organization in Vienna. The Club’s philanthropic efforts began in the heart of wartime, raising funds to support Allied service members overseas during World War II. The club also took action on the home front, constructing and operating a watchtower to scan for enemy aircraft. At the conclusion of the war, the club collected clothing to send to Europe to aid in reconstruction efforts. In 1965, the Vienna Host Lions Club left a permanent mark on the Town of Vienna by raising funds to build the new Vienna Community Center. Since that time, it has made other significant contributions to the betterment of the Town of Vienna through advocating for the installation of lights on the athletic fields of James Madison High School and other community ballparks, and the construction of a twostory press box at Walters Field. In addition, the Club sponsors the James A. Bland Music Scholarship, and donates funds to many local organizations including those that address the needs of people with sight or hearing impairments, youth activities, and social welfare programs, as well as American Legion Post 180. Mr. Speaker, volunteerism and public service are two of the highest callings, and the Vienna Host Lions Club is an example that other civic groups would do well to emulate. The health of a community can be judged through its level of civic engagement. The fact that the Vienna Host Lions Club has endured for such a protracted period of time speaks volumes to the health of not only the Town of Vienna, but the Northern Virginia region as a whole. The Town of Vienna has been named one of the best places in which to live for a number of years, a distinction that is largely due to the efforts of individuals like the members, past and present, of Vienna Host Lions Club. I commend the entire organization for reaching this historic milestone and ask my colleagues to join me in thanking the Club, its officers and members, and all who support it for their service to our community. HONORING ALEXANDRA ‘‘SANDY’’ BRESLIN HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sandy Breslin, who passed away on May 31, 2017. Sandy was a longtime environmental and civic activist in Connecticut, and her work to protect the Long Island Sound and to conserve our state’s natural wonders will benefit future generations. A native of New Haven, Connecticut, Sandy was an exceptional leader in Connecticut’s environmental community for decades, and worked with a number of organizations to achieve conservation goals and stronger environmental laws. A trailblazing activist for the protection and restoration of Long Island Sound, Sandy’s work helped secure passage of the Long Island Sound Stewardship Act as well as tens of millions of dollars in federal conservation funding. Sandy also worked with groups including the Connecticut Land Conservation Council and the Connecticut Fund for the Environment to improve the state’s wildlife protections, preserve more than 18,000 acres of land, and strengthen Connecticut’s Environmental Policy Act. Her activism and achievements drew national recognition, and Sandy was awarded the Department of the Interior’s Environmental Achievement Award, a Teaming with Wildlife Member Achievement Award, and a Coastal America Award. Sandy was committed to public service in Connecticut, and leaders of both political parties held her opinion and work in high regard. In addition to her environmental policy work, she was active in local Democratic politics and served as the Chairwoman of the Bethany Democratic Town Committee for many years. She cherished working with young environmental activists and public servants, and leaders across our state have benefitted from her guidance and wisdom. I count myself lucky to have known Sandy as a friend as well as an environmental leader. She was a great woman with knowledge, heart, and a big warm laugh. Mr. Speaker, Sandy Breslin spent her life working to protect our environment and improve our world. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today, and I extend my deepest condolences to her wonderful mother and to all who knew and loved Sandy. Sandy, we will miss you. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ruth Sump of Clarinda, Iowa on the occasion of her 101st birthday. Ruth was born on March 1, 1916. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Ruth’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have 
fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Ruth has lived through eighteen United States Presidents and twenty two Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Ruth in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 101st birthday. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Ruth on reaching this incredible milestone, and in wishing her nothing but the best. 
HONORING THE LUFKIN LITTLE LEAGUE ALLSTARS, THE 2017 LITTLE LEAGUE WORLD SERIES U.S. NATIONAL CHAMPIONS 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, a different variety of thunder rolled across Williamsport, Pennsylvania in late August, which provided some respite from the devastating storms which were battering Texas . . . the ‘‘Thundering 13’’ from Angelina County, Texas captured the attention of millions and the title of a lifetime when they emerged victorious as the U.S. National Champions in the 2017 Little League World Series tournament. The Lufkin AllStars gained its distinctive nickname of ‘‘Thundering 13’’ during grueling twoaday practices and games leading up to the tournament, when the young men pounded so many home runs that spectators said it sounded like thunder. A single loss during the national tournament motivated the team even further, resulting in a rematch where they ultimately emerged victorious against the only team that challenged their bid for the national title. With the strength of their camaraderie uniting them, and the unwavering support of their family, friends, and fans, this talented, resolute, and relentless national championship team never lost sight of the dream. This remarkable accomplishment cannot be possible without the determination and hard work of every team member, along with the skill and experience of dedicated Head Coach and Manager Bud Maddux, along with Assistant Coaches Malcolm Deason and Ryan Deaton. My most enthusiastic praise and congratulations goes to national champions Chip Buchanan, Malcolm Deason, Jr., Charlie Deaton, Hunter Ditsworth, Kolby Kovar, Lance Modisette, Christian Mumphery, Zach Phipps, Mark Requena, Collin Ross, Chandler Spencer, Blake Slaga, and Clayton Wigley. The path to a championship title can be long and arduous, but the Lufkin AllStars met the challenge sustained by the solid and enthusiastic encouragement of a fiercely loyal network of community support which provided the foundation upon which a national championship emerged. These young men bear witness to the fact that anything is achievable though focus, hard work and determination. These are guiding life principles that lead to success not only on the field, but will undoubtedly resonate through every endeavor these valiant championship players undertake in their entire lifetimes. May God continue to bless these young people, along with their families, friends and neighbors in east Texas and beyond. It is an extraordinary privilege to recognize the Lufkin AllStars, 2017 Little League World Series U.S. National Champions. f 
RECOGNIZING THE GRADUATES OF THE FAIRFAX COUNTY FIRE AND RESCUE DEPARTMENT HIGH SCHOOL FIREFIGHTER PROGRAM 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 2017 graduating class of the Fairfax County High School Firefighter Program. Last year, the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department in partnership with Fairfax County Public Schools created its High School Firefighter Program to provide training to students who are considering a career as a firefighter. Students who participate in this program attend courses taught by qualified instructors at the Fairfax County Fire Academy. In fact, they receive some of the same training as new professional and volunteer firefighters. The course is grueling but upon successful completion, the students will receive six college credits. Should these students decide to apply to the Fairfax County Fire Academy, successful completion of this program will make them very competitive candidates and in fact, a few slots at the Academy are reserved specifically for the top student graduates. This year, thirteen seniors are graduating as the inaugural class of the High School Firefighter Program. It is my honor to include in the RECORD the names of the following graduates: Crisol Alvis Rodriguez, Nicholas Arko, Anna Fuentes, Joshua Hone, Alex Hurd, Henry JimenezReyes, Nathan Leite, Gillian Mudge, Michael Murn, Jarod Rambo, Ben Rothwell, Richard Verrier, Leah Walters. Mr. Speaker, the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department is one of the best fire departments in the country and in the world. I commend the department as well as the public school system for partnering in the creation of this program. I also applaud these young people for their desire to learn more about the department and for their interest in protecting our community. Northern Virginia is fortunate to have such dedicated young citizens. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating these students on their successful completion of this program and in wishing them great future success. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr. Paul Coreil. Dr. Paul Coreil, born and raised in Ville Platte, Louisiana, has enjoyed a distinguished career with the 4H Program—the most recent achievement being his induction into the 4H National Hall of Fame. Honored as one of only 16 inducted across the nation, Dr. Coreil has played a major role in the program for more than 34 years and currently serves as the Director and Vice Chancellor Emeritus for the Louisiana State University Agricultural Center. His work on the Marsh Maneuvers and the Louisiana 4H Foundation Squirrel Hunt has helped raise thousands of dollars to benefit Louisiana 4H programs. Dr. Coreil has received numerous awards and accolades for his contributions 4H and to the great state of Louisiana. I applaud Dr. Coreil for his work and commend him on this welldeserved honor. f 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Henry Karg of Clarinda, Iowa on the occasion of his 104th birthday. Henry was born on October 29, 1913. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Henry’s life. Since his birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the Internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Henry has lived through nineteen United States Presidents and twenty two Governors of Iowa. In his lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Henry in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish him a very happy 104th birthday. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Henry on reaching this incredible milestone, and in wishing him nothing but the best. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding constituent—Mr. Bernard Fuller. I am honored to congratulate Mr. Bernard Fuller, a teacher at Graham Middle School in Alamance County, North Carolina. Mr. Bernard Fuller is a 2016–2017 recipient of the Outstanding Special Education Teacher of the Year Award by the National Association of Special Education Teachers. This award was presented to 16 teachers across the nation and Mr. Fuller is the only teacher to earn the honor from North Carolina. Mr. Fuller has demonstrated a passionate commitment by developing special skills and going the extra mile for his remarkable students. He is an exceptional example for his 
colleagues in Graham and teachers everywhere. I join with his friends, family, and the Sixth District in congratulating Bernard Fuller on this excellent accomplishment. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Residence Inn Fair Lakes on its 20th anniversary. Each year, the Residence Inn provides exemplary service to those living in and visiting the Northern Virginia region. Countless numbers of great reviews and ratings have ensured its reputation as one of the premier hotels in the region. It is an honor to recognize the Residence Inn on its 20th anniversary and celebrate this extraordinary accomplishment. Opening their doors in 1997, the Residence Inn Fair Lakes filled a need in the community for high quality yet affordable accommodations. Being located in a prime location, the Residence Inn attracts a wide variety of travelers from short stay tourists to longerterm business professionals. Its proximity to Dulles and National Airports, the thriving hightech region of the Dulles corridor, Fair Oaks Mall, George Mason University, countless restaurants, and of course Washington, D.C., has made the Residence Inn Fair Lakes a premier destination. In 20 years, the Fair Lakes region of our county has witnessed explosive growth and expansion in residential as well as corporate development. Residence Inn Fair Lakes has positioned itself to give business travelers, both domestic and international, a place to stay that is like a home away from home. In addition to providing exceptional accommodations to business and leisure travelers, Residence Inn Fair Lakes also offers extensive event planning services. Corporate meetings, conferences and training sessions are frequently scheduled at the Residence Inn Fair Lakes. Social events including engagement parties, showers, and family reunions are made even more special through the outstanding customer service provided by the facility and its staff. And of course, the wedding services and receptions held at the Residence Inn are meticulously planned. No detail is overlooked and the beautiful setting makes the event even more memorable. The motto of the Commonwealth of Virginia is: ‘‘Virginia is for Lovers.’’ The management and staff of the Residence Inn embodies that motto through its hospitality, generosity, kindness, exemplary customer service, and reliability. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Residence Inn Fair Lakes on its 20th anniversary and in wishing it continued success. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the distinguished career and leadership of ‘‘one of country’s most influential advocates for women’s rights,’’ Barbara A. Zdravecky. She is retiring after serving 24 years as the CEO of Planned Parenthood of Southwest and Central Florida. I am honored to recognize her selfless service and valuable contributions during these challenging times for the health rights of women. A Pennsylvania native, Barbara graduated from the Indiana University of Pennsylvania and earned her nursing degree from Manatee County’s State College of Florida. Barbara served as head nurse of Manatee Memorial Hospital’s Psychiatric Program and later served as the Patient Care Coordinator of the First Hospice Program in Key West, primarily caring for HIV/AIDS patients. In 1993, Barbara accepted the offer to lead Planned Parenthood of Southwest Florida as its Chief Executive Officer where she continues to serve and live by their mission to provide comprehensive health care, education, and advocacy for women of all walks of life. Throughout her career, Barbara advocated to ensure that women have the information and care they need to live strong, healthy lives and fulfill their dreams—no ceilings, no limits. She successfully fought countless legislative battles and then brought legal challenges when the legislative body overreached, such as Florida’s House Bill 1411, the Termination of Pregnancies and Planned Parenthood of Southwest and Central Florida v. Celeste Philip, that would have blocked access to health care for women and their families. She kept up the good fight on all attempts to protect against attempts to cut funding for or defund Planned Parenthood altogether. Under Barbara’s leadership, Planned Parenthood grew in stature into the Planned Parenthood of Southwest and Central Florida in 2015. Planned Parenthood of Southwest and Central Florida now covers 22 counties with 11 health centers serving over 45,000 patients in Florida. Barbara was also instrumental in engineering regional headquarters in Sarasota and constructing the new building at 736 Central Avenue where the health care provider has expanded its services. In September, it became the first in Florida to offer hormone therapy for transgender patients. Barbara has received numerous awards and accolades for her dedicated service. In 2006, Barbara was honored with the Ruth Green Award as the top Planned Parenthood CEO in the country by Planned Parenthood Federation of America. Equality Florida presented her with the ‘‘2014 Voice for Equality Award’’ and in 2015, she was named ‘‘Wonder Woman’’ by the Women’s Resource Center of Manatee County. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the citizens of Florida, my neighbors in the Tampa Bay community and women everywhere, I would like to take this opportunity to thank one of the great champions of women’s health and equal rights, Barbara A. Zdravecky, for her many years of service and contributions fighting for the rights of women and their families. It is with great honor and joy to congratulate Barbara on her new endeavor as well as the many accomplishments she has had throughout her career, and I know together we will keep up the good fight. TRIBUTE TO COLLETTA GILLETT HON. DAVID YOUNG 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Colletta Gillett of Clarinda, Iowa on the occasion of her 103rd birthday. Colletta was born on November 11, 1914. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Colletta’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Colletta has lived through eighteen United States Presidents and twentytwo Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Colletta in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 103rd birthday. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating her on reaching this incredible milestone, and in wishing her nothing but the best. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 105TH BIRTHDAY OF GEORGE N. LEIGHTON 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the Honorable George N. Leighton, who turns 105 years young on October 22nd. George was born in New Bedford to Anna Silva Garcia and Antonio Neves Leitao, who emigrated from the Cape Verde Islands. During his childhood, George and his siblings helped their parents who worked as agricultural laborers, and they only attended school for a few months a year. It was while working as a cranberry bog weeder that George first decided to pursue a career in law. George finished school after the 7th grade and, while working in restaurant kitchens, started taking night classes. He then pursued a degree at Howard University, after he was able to prove he could complete college level work. This was the first time he would use English as his primary language. In 1940, George graduated magna cum laude from Howard University and held a commission as a Second Lieutenant in the U.S. Army Reserves Officer Training Corps. An aspiring lawyer, George would stop at nothing and entered Harvard Law School with a scholarship later that year. As the United States entered World War II, George served in the Pacific Theater for almost three years and was awarded the Asiatic Pacific Service Medal, Bronze Star. Discharged as a Captain in 1945, George reentered Harvard Law School. He then passed the Massachusetts bar in 1946 and established his law practice in Chicago. 
George faced heavy racial discrimination and was not allowed to join the American Bar Association or the Chicago Bar Association. Despite this atmosphere, he became one of the most prominent and respected criminal defense lawyers in Illinois. George often worked as the courtappointed defense counsel for crimes of violence and with the NAACP and ACLU on cases of racial segregation. During this time he worked closely with Thurgood Marshall, among others, and was asked to represent Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. George fought tirelessly for equal voting rights, desegregation in schools, open housing, the right to sit on juries, abolishing the death penalty; and fairness in the criminal justice system. In 1964, George was elected to the Circuit Court of Cook County, where he gained recognition as one of the finest criminal court judges. Later, in 1969, he was appointed to the First District Appellate Court of Illinois. After gaining a reputation as one of the most thoughtful and fair jurists, President Gerald Ford appointed George to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois in 1976. After retiring in 1987 at the age of 75, George returned to the private practice of law to work on civil and criminal litigation, and to continue to teach at John Marshall Law School. A member of the bar for over 70 years, George exemplifies service to his community. He led his life fighting for a fair criminal justice system and, in 2011, George played a key role in successfully abolishing the death penalty in Illinois. In addition to the many honors George has received throughout his years fighting for equality, the U.S. Postal Service in New Bedford was also renamed after him, as the ‘‘Honorable Judge George N. Leighton Post Office Building.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize the Honorable George N. Leighton on this joyous occasion of his 105th birthday. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing him many more years of health and happiness. 
RECOGNIZING THE CATHOLICS FOR HOUSING, INCORPORATED 2017 FATHER GERARD CREEDON HOUSING AWARD RECIPIENTS 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the anniversary of Catholics for Housing, Incorporated and to congratulate the Father Gerard Creedon Housing Award recipients. Catholics for Housing, Incorporated was established in 1979 by Father Gerard Creedon and a dedicated group of community members. Together they began working to expand affordable housing options and prevent homelessness in response to the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops’ Pastoral Letter entitled, ‘‘The Right to a Decent Home.’’ Now in its 38th year, Catholics for Housing has grown substantially in both breadth of mission and clientele. Since its inception, the organization has expanded to provide assistance in 21 counties within the vicinity of the Arlington Catholic Diocese. The organization has adapted over the years with new goals and a renewed vision while remaining true to its core mission of collaborating with others to support the development, construction, and rehabilitation of affordable housing, as well as to provide senior citizen rental assistance, security deposit assistance, and collaborative education and advocacy efforts. Catholics for Housing provides a continuum of housing through life skills training, senior rental assistance in Fairfax County, down payment assistance in Prince William, Fairfax, Arlington and Loudoun Counties, security deposit assistance, rental homes in Vienna, Arlington, Fairfax and Fredericksburg and homeownership opportunities. Catholics for Housing is sustained through the dedication and generosity of its board, staff, volunteers, and many community partners. It is my honor to include in the RECORD  the following Catholics for Housing partners for sustaining the vision established by Father Creedon and our dedicated community members. The 2017 Father Gerard Creedon Housing Award honorees are St. Mary of Sorrows Catholic Church and Ms. Alice G. Haase. St. Mary of Sorrows Catholic Church and its parishioners are a Catholic community committed to nourishing through education and to proclaiming and promoting social justice. Through the St. Mary of Sorrows Catholic Church Tithing Fund Allocation, the church has generously provided grants to Catholics for Housing. For the last twelve years, St. Mary of Sorrows has provided funding to ensure the sustainment of the Virginia Ely Senior Rental Assistance Program and the Edie Streett Security Deposit Assistance Program. Due to their continued support, the annual funding provided by St. Mary of Sorrows Catholic Church covers the expenses so that two seniors may live independently for a year and covers the security deposit for 10 rental homes. Alice G. Haase, Esquire is the cofounder of CastroHaase PLLC, a commercial real estate law firm located in Washington, D.C. She dedicates much of her spare time to the betterment of the community. Alice has extended her services to Catholics for Housing to increase access to affordable housing throughout Northern Virginia and further the reach of programs in the community. In recognition of the efficacy of the unique programs offered, Catholics for Housing has received numerous awards and honors. Catholics for Housing has been recognized by the U.S. Housing and Urban Development for ‘‘Best Practices’’ and received the Best New Project in Northern Virginia Award and an Arlington Community Award. In addition, the organization was named ‘‘One of the Best’’ by the Catalogue of Philanthropy in 2005–06 and again in 2011–12. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the 2017 Father Gerard Creedon Housing Award recipients and in commending the efforts of Catholics for Housing, Incorporated, its board, staff, and dedicated volunteers who work tirelessly to provide needed support and assistance to many in our community. HONORING THE KERN WATER BANK AUTHORITY FOR TWENTY YEARS OF SUCCESSFUL OPERATION HON. KEVIN McCARTHY 
Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and am joined by my colleagues from California, Congressman DAVID VALADAO and Con gressman JIMCOSTA , to recognize an essential resource in our community—the Kern Water Bank—and the incredibly positive impact that it has made upon California’s Central Valley over the past twenty years. This year, the Kern Water Bank celebrates twenty years since the signing of the 75 year Habitat Conservation Plan, which allowed the Water Bank to begin operating at its full capacity in the heart of California’s San Joaquin Valley. Prior to this monumental agreement, the roughly 32square mile stretch of land on which the Kern Water Bank operates today was used largely for farming while California experienced wide fluctuations in water supply. The creation of the Kern Water Bank Authority and eventually the Kern Water Bank exemplifies the innovative and determined spirit of the Kern community and the effectiveness with which this community has been able to assist in meeting California’s water needs. Prior to the creation of the Kern Water Bank Authority, the California Department of Water Resources sought to create a system that would serve as a response to the water shortages that often plagued California’s agricultural community. The Department of Water Resources struggled for years to achieve anything tangible—facing various legal, institutional, and environmental setbacks that made the project seem nearly impossible. It was at this point that the Kern Water Bank Authority came to fruition, and through the hard work and cooperation of both public and private contributors, the Kern Water Bank was finally feasible. Now, after twenty years of successful operation, we recognize the degree to which the Kern Water Bank has impacted California’s water situation, the greater San Joaquin environment and the Central Valley community that Congressman VALADAO , Congressman COSTA and I share. The daily operations and functions of the Kern Water Bank greatly assisted in combating the drought that has plagued California, especially throughout the past five years. As Delta pumping was slowly reduced, the Kern Water Bank served a particularly important purpose as the prominent storage facility for the water that local farmers and agricultural communities needed even more desperately in light of the drought. Additionally, the Kern Water Bank has become a notable wildlife resource of regional significance. The environment created by the Kern Water Bank supports many specialstatus species in alignment with the Habitat Conservation Plan and EPA standards, and creates a unique wetlands area that serves as a refuge for local wildlife. Very rarely do projects of this nature serve so many purposes all at once, and we believe that the Kern Water Bank serves as the ideal model for other similar projects. The Kern Water Bank is the largest operation of its kind in California, and has even 
been described as the most effective groundwater storage program in the United States. It is with great pride that Congressman VALADAO , Congressman C OSTA and I recognize the vast success of the Kern Water Bank Authority and the Kern Water Bank. We look forward to witnessing the continued efforts of the Bank in serving the water needs of the Central Valley. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Elsie Negley of Clarinda, Iowa on the occasion of her 106th birthday. Elsie was born on July 29, 1911 in Page County, Iowa. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Elsie’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Elsie has lived through nineteen United States Presidents and twenty three Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Elsie in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 106th birthday. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Elsie on reaching this incredible milestone, and in wishing her nothing but the best. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, for more than 30 years, trickledown economics has influenced our policies to redistribute economic power to the top. My friend and outgoing Executive Director, Larry Mishel has long been at the forefront of developing progressive economic alternatives to counter the popularity and effectiveness of trickledown theory. Thanks in large part to his research; we know trickledown policies gave us slower growth and stagnant wages for working families. Throughout his career—before, becoming President of the Economic Policy Institute— Larry focused on researching the wages of working people and making the case for actions that would raise these wages. He realized how important power was in this equation, and so he argued for measures to improve the rights of working people to organize and bargain for higher wages. Larry’s work on the discrepancy between wages and productivity, and his analysis of skyrocketing CEO pay, were the first of their kind. Larry has expanded on and refined this research over the last 30 years. Larry’s recent work focuses on workers’ rights and how the erosion of unions has hurt working people— union and nonunion alike. Throughout his career, Larry Mishel has created a necessary counter balance to the ‘‘common knowledge’’ Wall Street approach to economic policy in the U.S. He did this through his own research, but also by building EPI up as a research organization willing to take on the conventional wisdom in either party. We all know the immeasurable contribution Larry and EPI have made to successive campaigns to raise minimum wages at the federal and state levels. For years, EPI’s Policy Center has provided the economic analysis of the Progressive Caucus budget. We know the budget adds up, would boost wages, and would, in time, lower the deficit. We know it would build better infrastructure and a better education system because EPI, under Larry’s leadership, runs all the numbers for us, and alerts us if our plans threaten to come up short in any way. Larry’s contribution is incredibly valuable as it provides a concrete framework for our fight to support working folks across the country. After 30 years at EPI—15 as President— Larry is stepping aside at the end of 2017. He will continue to provide innovative research on the rights and wages of working people. And, he will remain at EPI as a senior researcher. Thea Lee, who is the incoming President, will have big shoes to fill. However, Thea is the perfect fit to build on Larry’s legacy and EPI’s work on behalf of low and middleincome families. I want to extend a heartfelt thanks to Larry for his years of service, and I look forward to seeing the incredible work he will do in the months and years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING THE FAIRFAX FEDERATION OF CITIZENS ASSOCIATIONS 2017 CITIZEN OF THE YEAR AWARD RECIPIENTS 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Fairfax Federation of Citizens Associations on the occasion of its 67th Annual Citizen of the Year Awards Banquet. The Federation is a coalition of civic and homeowners associations who work together to promote and support initiatives that will benefit all. Each year, the Federation honors a few select individuals for their extraordinary contributions to our community. As a former twoterm President of the Federation, I understand that those who volunteer their time, energies, and talents to civic activities play a vital role in making Fairfax County one of the best places in the nation in which to live, work, and raise a family. I am honored to recognize the following individuals for their service to our community: 2017 Citizen of the Year: Joseph Chudzik: ‘‘A model citizen with a passion for serving his community.’’ A more apt description could not be found. Joe’s contributions to his community are many and varied, from Boy Scouts to the Mason Neck Lions Club to serving as a volunteer at polling stations on Election Day. Joe’s passion for service also extends far beyond the borders of Fairfax County. He has served in the Peace Corps, as a Foreign Service Officer in the U.S. Department of State and in the U.S. Air Force. One would not think it was possible to find so many different ways to serve, but Joe has shown that it is. We should all strive to mirror his example. Citation of Merit: Cheryl Ellsworth: Cheryl is receiving this citation for an issue that is close to my heart, namely affordable housing. During my time on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, I worked to address this important issue in conjunction with combatting homelessness. Cheryl has shown similar dedication to these causes through her work with Good Shepherd Housing and Family Services. Her work has received numerous accolades, including the Washington Post Award for Excellence in Nonprofit Management and the Fairfax County Nonprofit of the Year Award. Citation of Merit: Emily McCoy: Emily is currently serving her 35th year on the Fairfax County Commission for Women and has spent her entire career fighting for the rights of women and girls. Emily has also been a leader in Fairfax County’s efforts to combat the scourge of domestic violence and served as the representative for the Commission for Women to the County’s Domestic Violence Prevention, Policy and Coordinating Council for five years. Citation of Merit: Ken Balbuena: Ken has distinguished himself as a tireless and effective advocate for his community. As President of the North Springfield Civic Association, he has worked to revive County ordinances regarding the upkeep of lawns in neighborhoods, established traffic calming measures to combat speeding and successfully lobbied for the local crossing guard to receive traffic control training. In each of these instances, as well as many others, Ken has kept the community informed on his progress and successfully solicited their input to guide the process according to the will of the neighborhood. He is truly a testament to effective volunteer leadership. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these incredible individuals and in congratulating them on being honored by the Fairfax County Federation of Citizens’ Associations. Civic engagement is the foundation of a healthy conununity, and Fairfax County residents enjoy an exceptional quality of life due in part to the efforts of these individuals. The contributions and leadership of these honorees have been a great benefit to our community and truly merit our highest praise. 
Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise today to recognize Shiloh Baptist Church on the occasion of their 100th Anniversary. For the last century, Shiloh Baptist Church has been an integral part of the community in Waukegan, Illinois. This extraordinary anniversary is a moment of celebration for the entire Shiloh family, and I wish them well as they mark the occasion this weekend. 
Shiloh is known for its work to put faith into action through communitybased programs of outreach to neighbors. During the harsh, cold weather months, the church runs an emergency shelter for families and individuals experiencing homelessness through the PADS Lake County program. This critical service offers some of our neediest people the immediate shelter they need to stay safe and warm, as well as the more comprehensive resources needed to get out of homelessness and back into permanent housing. In addition, the church organizes a weekly soup kitchen and offers a food pantry available for those in need. Shiloh also takes seriously the spiritual development of all its members, through Christian education and young adult ministry, as well as outreach to those who cannot attend services, including the sick, elderly, and those incarcerated at the Lake County Jail. For the last 25 years, Shiloh has been ably led by Pastor Wallstone E. Francis, a dedicated minister to his congregation, scholar of the Scripture, and active leader in the conununity. This l00th Anniversary is themed ‘‘Embracing Our Past. Enriching Our Present. Envisioning Our Future.’’ I congratulate the entire Shiloh family on this anniversary and look forward to working with them to enrich our neighborhoods and envision a better future for the communities we love. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mary and Kenny Seales on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. The couple married on September 15, 1967 and resides in Thayer, Iowa. Mary and Kenny’s lifelong commitment to each other, their two children and six grandchildren truly embodies Iowa’s values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend Mary and Kenny on their 50 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I did not vote due to other commitments. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 560, Yea on Roll Call No. 561, Yea on Roll Call No. 562, and Yea on Roll Call No. 563. f 
RECOGNIZING THE GRADUATION OF THE FAIRFAX COUNTY FIRE AND RESCUE DEPARTMENT 141ST RECRUIT CLASS 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department on the graduation of the 141st Recruit Class. As they prepare to join the ranks of the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department, I encourage the 42 graduates to reflect on the history of the department and the contributions and dedication of the brave men and women who have served before them to protect our community. The Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department’s Recruit School consists of an extensive and demanding 30week program. In addition to two weeks of orientation, recruits completed eight weeks of EMT training and twenty weeks of fire suppression training. Upon graduation, these recruits will be certified at the level of Firefighter I/II by the Virginia Department of Fire Programs. These recruits have the distinct honor of joining one of the best Fire and Rescue Departments in the United States. The efforts of the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department have been recognized across this country. Members from the Department serve on the elite VA Task Force I, which is among the first units called to disaster zones to provide search and rescue support. Members of that Task Force were recognized by the International Association of Fire Chiefs with the Benjamin Franklin Award for Valor as a result of their efforts in the aftermath of the devastating earthquakes that struck Nepal in 2015. As the newest members of the Fire and Rescue Department, the 141st Recruit Class graduates join the department as integral parts of our community’s emergency response and public safety team. I am confident that this graduating class will serve the residents of Fairfax County with honor and distinction. It is my great honor to include in the RECORD the names of the 141st Recruit Class: Allen E. Bizzell, Calvin W. Branch, Matthew N. Bui, Laura E. Calkins, James T. Campbell, Melissa M. Cary, CheShien Chu, Mari A. Christenson, Antonio J. Clavijo, Ashley N. Coleman, Elliott S. Ferrence, Christopher J. George, Jonathan D. Groves. Adam T. Hall, Walter D. Hanson, Darrell D. Hayes, Quentin J. Hayes, Kyle D. Hihn, Jonathan Hughes, Garrett B. Irving, Robyn A. Kane, Michael T. Lattimer, Gregory S. Leake, Jaeman Lee, Linda Lee, Tyrone L. Lewis, John M. McCollom, Kendrix R. Merritt, Thomas M. Nevin. John J. Nowadly, Myron J. Parker, Ryan D. Powell, Ian C. Richards, Raymond R. Sanez, Joshua M. Schuchman, Sammone E. Smith, Tyler F. Thaler, Jessica Vukmanic, Zachary J. Walton, Lauren A. Wertz, Lauren A. Wickson, Jinson Wong. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the newest members of the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department. I thank them for their service to their community and to all members of the Fire and Rescue Department, past and present, I say: ‘‘Stay safe.’’ f 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Ms. Lilly Pimentel on receiving the 2017 Kings County Farm Bureau President’s Award. At the 99th Annual Meeting of the Kings County Farm Bureau, Ms. Pimentel will be recognized as an individual who has gone above and beyond for our local community and honored for her longterm commitment to the students and future leaders of California’s agriculture industry. Lilly Pimentel was born and raised in Hanford, California and grew up on her parent’s, Joe and Esther Pimentel, dairy farm. She graduated from Hanford High School in 1992 and then attended the College of the Sequoias. In 1994, Lilly began studying at California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, where she received her Bachelor’s and Master’s Degrees in Agriculture Education. Between 1998 and 2001, Ms. Pimentel served as an Agriculture Teacher, educating students at Westmont High School, Gustine Unified School District, Riverdale Unified School District, and College of the Sequoias. In 2001, she accepted a position at her own Alma Mater, Hanford High School, where she continues to teach Ag Biology, Ag Science and Veterinary Science today. Lilly’s passion for teaching is known throughout the community and recognized by her students and peers alike. In 2009, Ms. Pimentel was named the Teacher of the Year by the Hanford Joint Union High School District and, in 2010, she received the Teacher of Excellence Award, from the California Agriculture Teacher’ Association. Dedicated to strengthening the local agriculture industry, outside of work Lilly has coached various FFA judging teams, volunteered at State and National FFA Conventions, serves as club leader and advisor for Kings River 4–H, and sits on the Kings County 4–H Council’s Board of Directors. She is a member of California Women for Agriculture, serves on the Kings County June Dairy Month Committee, and is the secretary for the Foundation for Vocational Agriculture, the organization that raised the funds to build Hanford FFA’s new farm and learning laboratory. In addition to teaching diverse coursework aimed at ensuring Central Valley students are prepared for prosperous futures in agriculture, she has remained involved in her community, participating in Relay for Life, Kings County, Quilt Guild, and St. Brigid Catholic Church. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Ms. Lilly Pimentel on being honored with the 2017 Kings County Farm Bureau President’s Award and thanking her for her service to our community. 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Anne Seeley for her commendable years of service to her community and her country. Anne spent her college years encouraging debate on international issues and current events. She helped create and also led organizations that addressed preserving civil liberties and women’s rights, among other important topics. After the attack on Pearl Harbor, Anne was recruited for a secret training program in cryptography sponsored by the U.S. Navy. As a senior in college, she attended these trainings at night after class, along with twenty other students. She graduated from Smith College in 1942 and answered the call to join the Navy. As part of the Women Accepted for Volunteer Emergency Service (WAVES) program, she was an invaluable asset working around the clock to decipher the principal Japanese naval codes. After the war, Anne went on to receive her Master’s degree from Columbia University. She dedicated her career to teaching history, English, and Latin. Not one to rest on her laurels, Anne and her husband would spend their free time tutoring students who did not have access to the educational opportunities that every child deserves. Their hard work paid off and the initiative became known as the Reading is Fundamental project in Newark, New Jersey, which continues to serve students to this day. Anne remains an active member of her community on Cape Cod. She has served on several town committees and has never missed a town meeting or election. Anne continues to work tirelessly to encourage others to join the conversation, get involved, and vote. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Anne Seeley for her dedication to her community and country. I ask that my colleagues join me in thanking her for her work and wishing her all the best as she continues her efforts. 
JAMES T. DRUMM FOR 50 YEARS OF PUBLIC SERVICE 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is a great pleasure for me to rise and recognize a pillar of the HastingsOnHudson community, James T. Drumm, who for 50 years has dedicated himself to public service and helping others as a integral part of the HastingsOnHudson Fire Department at the Riverview Manor Hose Company No. 3. I am honored to be able to offer this recognition to such a dedicated servant of the people. James has done a tremendous amount for Hastings, but his service actually began in the United States Marine Corps, where he was active duty from 1955 to 1957. As a former member ofthe Armed Forces, it was only fitting that, upon his discharge, James would continue on a path of serving the public good. He went on to join the Hastings Fire Department, rising through the ranks to become Chief of Department from 1987–1989 and again from 1995–1997. He also served as Deputy Chief, Ambulance Corp Member, Fire Police Officer, and, today, remains active as Village Fire Inspector. I am very fortunate and proud to represent such a distinguished public servant as James, and after a halfcentury of remarkable work in service to his country and local community, he too should feel tremendously proud. I want to thank James for all he has done on behalf of Hastings and our grateful nation. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF KONNI MCMURRY BEING NAMED THE MOORE COUNTY WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Konni McMurray for receiving the Moore County Woman of the Year Award. This award is presented by the Moore County Community Foundation to an individual who has exhibited selflessness and a humble desire to serve their community. Mrs. McMurray earned this award by putting others before herself and for her decades of service to Moore County. Originally from a suburb of Kansas City, Konni moved to Moore County in 1989 with her husband, Brian. Currently she is the Vice President of McMurray Fabrics in Aberdeen and Atex Technologies in Pinebluff. Mr. and Mrs. McMurray have provided hundreds of goodpaying jobs to the community over the years, but despite her business success, Konni still finds time to support numerous local service organizations. She has served on the Boards of The O’Neal School, the Boys and Girls Club of the Sandhills, and Sandhills Community College, just to name a few. Konni has also been a tireless advocate for the less fortunate animals in Moore County through her leadership with the Moore County Society of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA)— when she can’t find a foster home for a pet in need, she’s been known to foster the animals personally. Konni and her husband, Brian, have four amazing children, and she’s instilled the same servant’s heart in all of them. I am extremely grateful to count Konni McMurray as a friend, and I know everyone in Moore County is even more grateful for her service and leadership to our community. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in honoring Konni McMurray for being named the Moore County Woman of the Year. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Sharon and Harry Sackett on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. The couple married on October 12, 1957, and resides in Dexter, Iowa. Sharon and Harry’s lifelong commitment to each other, their two children, six grandchildren, twenty greatgrandchildren, and two greatgreatgrandchildren, truly embodies Iowa’s values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend Sharon and Harry on their 60 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
HONORING WILLIAM F. HENDERSON III, PRESIDENT OF CWA LOCAL 1298 ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT 
Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to rise today to join the many family, friends, and colleagues who have gathered to pay tribute to William F. Henderson III as he retires after fortythree years of dedicated service in the communications industry and, most recently, as the President of the Communications Workers of America Local 1298. A frame man and then centralized power technician, over the course of his career, Bill worked for Southern New England Telephone, SBC Company and AT&T before moving to a fulltime position at the CWA Local 1298. Bill was active in labor issues from the beginning of his career and served as a steward for thirty years before his election as President. During his tenure, he has guided his members through the transition of company mergers and buyouts and he has fought to protect fair wages and access to quality health benefits, ensure safe workplaces, and preserve retirement security. He has long been a fierce advocate and tireless voice on behalf of his brothers and sisters in the CWA. In addition to his professional career, Bill has volunteered countless hours to his community. In Waterford, he served for thirteen years as a member of the Representative Town Meeting where he was Chair of the Finance Committee, six years on the Board of Selectmen, eight years as Chairman of the Waterford Industrial Development Committee and served on the Library Board of Trustees and the shellfish commission. In East Lyme, he served two terms on the Board of Education as well as the Zoning Board of Appeals. His is an example of public service to which we should all strive. I would be remiss if I did not thank Bill for his counsel and collaboration over the years. He has always been just a phone call away and I cherish the strong bond of friendship we have built. Today, as he marks his retirement, I hope he knows that the CWA Local 1298 will simply not be the same without him. I am proud to stand today to extend my deepest thanks and sincere appreciation to 
William F. Henderson III for his many good works not professional and personal. I wish him, his wife, Brenda, as well as their children and grandchildren all the best for many more years of health and happiness as they begin this new chapter. 
RECOGNIZING THE GREATER RESTON CHAMBER OF COMMERCE ANNUAL EXCELLENCE AWARD RECIPIENTS 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the winners of the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce Annual Chamber Excellence (ACE) Awards. These awards are presented by the Chamber to individuals and businesses whose extraordinary efforts make our community a better place. I have been proud to represent this community since my days as Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors. The level of civic engagement celebrated by these awards is a testament to the community spirit of Reston. I have often said that civic engagement is a key indicator of a healthy community and this event is further proof that Reston is one of the healthiest communities in all of Northern Virginia. That is due in no small part to the actions of those honored here today and I extend my congratulations to all of today’s honorees. I also wish to thank Charles Kapur, Mark Ingrao and the entire staff of the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce for their tireless efforts on behalf of others and in making our community one of the best places in the country in which to live, work, raise a family and start a business. It is my honor to include in the RECORD the following recipients of the 2017 ACE Awards: Chamber Committee of the Year: Ambassadors Committee, Janel Giambrone and Tom Madden Small Business of the Year: Pinot’s Palette Dulles Medium Business of the Year: Not Your Average Joe’s Large Business of the Year: Leidos Member of the Year: Kevin Taylor, Communicate by Design New Member of the Year: Jennifer Rhodes, Tagence Volunteer of the Year: Dave and JoAnne Adams, The Dave and JoAnne Adams Group, Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage Young Professional of the Year: Savannah Guernsey, Guernsey Inc. Pinnacle Award: Angela Inzerillo, Impact Business Solutions, LLC Presidential Award: Michael Delpierre, Conversion Pipeline Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the 2017 ACE Award honorees for their tremendous contributions. I thank the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce for continuing this wonderful tradition, and I express my sincere gratitude to these individuals, businesses, and organizations for lending their time and energy to the betterment of our community. IN RECOGNITION OF THE CHINESE AMERICAN COUNCIL OF SACRAMENTO’S GOLD MOUNTAIN CELEBRATION AND 30TH ANNIVERSARY HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize The Chinese American Council of Sacramento (CACS) as they celebrate their 30th Anniversary and annual Gold Mountain Celebration. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring the voice of the Chinese American Community. Since 1987, The Chinese American Council of Sacramento has served as an invaluable organization dedicated to the empowerment, representation and support of the Chinese American Community and Asian Pacific Islander American community. Since its conception, CACS has successfully continued to bring awareness to the cultural and historic significance of Chinese Americans and Asian Pacific Islander Americans and their crucial contributions to American society. The Chinese American Council of Sacramento has championed a myriad of social justice issues that plague its community, from discrimination to voter education. Their work to protect and ensure the civil and human rights of the most vulnerable within their community speaks to their tireless dedication to the advancement of AsianPacific Islander Americans throughout the greater Sacramento area. Congratulations on thirty years of exceptional service to our community. We also celebrate Mr. Clarence Chu as the Hall of Fame inductee. Mr. Chu is being recognized for his enduring contributions to the Chinese American and Asian Pacific Islander American community. The Sacramento Chinese Community Service Center is being recognized with the community service award for the outstanding programs it provides. The community center provides health, human, and social services to immigrants, refugees, and other underserved individuals in Sacramento. Through these programs and their quality education services, The Sacramento Chinese Community Service Center successfully aids its community members in becoming economically selfsufficient and empowered. Mr. Speaker, as members and friends of The Chinese American Council of Sacramento celebrate their Gold Mountain Celebration, I ask all my colleagues to join me in the celebration of their 30th anniversary and give recognition to all that this exemplary institution has given our community over the past three decades. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Eleanor and Jerry Stiles on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. The couple were married on September 27, 1957, and make their home in Dexter, Iowa. Eleanor and Jerry’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend Eleanor and Jerry on their 60 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF EARL WRIGHT RECEIVING THE MOORE COUNTY MAN OF THE YEAR AWARD 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Earl Wright for receiving the Moore County Man of the Year Award in North Carolina’s Eighth Congressional District. This award is presented by the Moore County Community Foundation to an individual who has exhibited selflessness and a humble desire to serve their community. Mr. Wright earned this award by starting Project Santa, which refurbishes bicycles to distribute to thousands of children on Christmas Day each year. Project Santa started out 22 years ago as a small sideproject with only 17 bikes, and has now grown exponentially into a military sized operation that will distribute some 1,600 bikes this Christmas. As you can see, much like the real Saint Nick, Mr. Wright works year round to deliver joy to children each Christmas. Mr. Wright has shown the recipients of these bikes—and the community at large— what it means to truly serve and give to those who need it most. My hope is people will see what Mr. Wright has done for his community and replicate his ambition to help their fellow man. I am extremely grateful for Mr. Wright’s service to our community and I wish him continued success. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in honoring Earl Wright for his service to our community and being named the Moore County Man of the Year. 
RECOGNIZING THE 60TH YEAR DIAMOND JUBILEE ANNIVERSARY OF THE PUERTO RICAN BAR ASSOCIATION OF NEW YORK 
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Puerto Rican Bar Association of New York (PRBA) on the occasion of its 60th Year Diamond Jubilee Anniversary. Founded in 1957, PRBA was created to connect lawyers and judges who shared common goals, ideas and concerns relating to the practice of law, the courts and the community. 
PRBA is credited with mentoring and helping generations of attorneys develop their careers while staying true to its core mission of empowering and giving back to the Puerto Rican and Latino communities. Through the Puerto Rican Bar Association Scholarship Fund, the Association promotes opportunities for educational and professional advancement for underserved young professionals. Throughout its rich 60year history, PRBA has benefited from the leadership of some of the brightest and best Board members and Presidents. This year’s PRBA President, Carmen Pacheco, is an inspiring example of what can be accomplished with support and vision. In 1992, Carmen and her business partner Betty Lugo, established Pacheco & Lugo, the first Hispanic womenowned law firm in New York. PRBA’s members have ascended to the highest levels of the legal community within private practice, nonprofit and all levels of government including the U. S. Supreme Court by Justice Sonia Sotomayor. Mr. Speaker, please join me in saluting this year’s extraordinary individuals and institutions: Ambassador Mari Carmen Aponte, Elisa D. Garcia, Chief Legal Officer, Macy’s Inc., Robert L. Haig, Esq. Partner, Kelley, Drye & Warren LLP, the CUNY Board of Trustees and the New York State Court of Appeals. I also would like to recognize the Mistress of Ceremonies, Jeanine Ramirez, Brooklyn’s own NY1 News outstanding reporter and journalist. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ruth Angus, of Mount Ayr, Iowa for being selected as Ringgold County’s 2017 inductee into the Iowa 4–H Hall of Fame. Ruth served as a 4–H club leader for the Clover Belles from 1965–1983. During her time with 4–H, every meeting involved education and handson learning. Each member understood the importance of being part of 4– H and gained the necessary skills to move on and be integral parts of their communities. Her dedicated leadership to the club has continued to have a positive impact even years after her involvement. Mr. Speaker, the example set by Ruth embodies the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent her and Iowans like her, in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Ruth for receiving this award and in wishing her nothing but continued success. RECOGNIZING THE NORTHERN VIRGINIA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 2017 DISTINGUISHED SERVICE AWARD RECIPIENTS HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the recipients of the 2nd Annual Distinguished Service Awards. I applaud the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce for sponsoring these awards. Celebrating the achievements of our veterans is important because our veterans in Northern Virginia have sacrificed so much for our community and our nation. It is critical that we all take the steps to honor and uphold the sacred agreement between our society and our veterans. I am honored to recognize the following individuals for their service to our community: Veteran Business Mentorship Award: Community Business Partnership: Community Business Partnership has been an incredible tool for veterans considering starting a small business and veteran business owners in Virginia. Their Veteran Business Outreach Centers demonstrate their dedication to our community by setting up veterans with training, counseling, and necessary resources for success. These centers also offer regular opportunities for veteran business owners to network and collaborate. The mentorship provided at these centers has been exceptional and critical to supporting those who have dedicated their lives to our country. Meritorious Veteran Owned Business (Emerging): Semper K9: After six oversea deployments, founder Christopher Baity has sought to provide trained service dogs to physically and emotionally support veterans and their families. His nonprofit gives veterans with physical impairments or PTSD dogs who can assist them. This service is so important because our veterans deserve all the support they can get when dealing with physical and emotional hardship after service. Meritorious Veteran Owned Business (Established): Strategy and Management Services, Inc. (SAMS): SAMS is an exceptionally charitable and active organization in our Northern Virginia community that produces sustainable careers and annual community service programs. SAMS promotes social awareness and volunteerism through a variety of volunteer programs, which raise money, collect donations, and provide food services for Virginians who need it most. This organization is so important to our community for its support and for providing the opportunity for Virginians to volunteer and give back to the greater community. Lifetime Achievement Award: Mr. Jerry D. Norris, Battlespace, Inc.: As president of Battlespace, Inc., Mr. Norris is responsible for negotiating, overseeing, managing and directing all aspects of corporate business. Prior to his career in the private sector, Mr. Norris served in the United States Navy for 28 years, retiring in 1992 as a Captain. After his retirement from the Navy, he focused his energies on improving the business landscape in Northern Virginia, serving as Chairman of both the Arlington Economic Development Commission and the Crystal City Business Improvement District. Mr. Norris also served as a member of the Arlington BRAC Transition Working Group, helping the community respond and re orient itself to the new realities of BRAC. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these incredible individuals and in congratulating them on their awards. Civic engagement is the foundation of a healthy community, and Fairfax County residents enjoy an exceptional quality of life due in part to the efforts of these individuals. The contributions and leadership of these honorees have been a great benefit to our community and truly merit our highest praise. 
HONORING GEORGE GEVAS FOR 50 YEARS OF PUBLIC SERVICE 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is always an honor for me to recognize constituents who have given so selflessly to the communities I represent. When it comes to HastingsOn Hudson, few individuals have been as selfless and dedicated to improving the public good as George Gevas, who this year will mark his 50th year of public service in the community. George has certainly had a storied career in Hastings, first joining the Hastings Fire Department in June of 1967 and completing the Essentials of Firemanship within 2 years. After 20 years of service, he reached the rank of Captain in the department, and subsequent became both a Fire Inspector and Fire Police Officer. Today, George serves as the Village Police Commissioner, solidifying his unparalleled legacy of public service to Hastings. Though that’s not the only legacy he has left. Those in Hastings familiar with the annual Kid’s Christmas Run hosted by the Uniontown Hose Company will know that George was in fact the very first man to ever portray Santa Claus at the event; just another example of his good hearted nature and love for his friends and neighbors. Few individuals have ever given as much to their community as George Gevas, and Hastings has been incredibly fortunate to have him. I want to congratulate George on a remarkable halfcentury of public service and thank him for all he has done to strengthen his neighborhood. 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Charles L. Gribi, who recently left this earth on September 15, 2017. A Cincinnati native, Charles grew up in Riverside, and throughout his childhood held numerous jobs in an effort to support his family through the Great Depression. His compassion for the safety and service of others does not stop there. After winning a scholarship to Xavier University in Cincinnati, Charles enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Corps at the start of World War II. 
His medals from World War II include the Distinguished Flying Cross and the Air Medal with 5 clusters, each cluster representing an air battle. A revered Cincinnati native and WWII veteran are just two ways to describe Charles. He was also an adored father and grandfather, and he will be greatly missed. Thank you, Charles, for your life full of dedication to your country, your community, and your family. 
Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend a distinguished serviceman and member of the 55th Wing, CMSgt (ret) Larry W. Meade. Chief Master Sergeant Meade served our country with honor, dedicating the past 44 years of his life to the 55th Wing, as a loyal Airman and a contractor with L–3 Technologies. During his time as an Airman, Chief Meade always exceeded expectations and established himself as an invaluable piece of the 55th Wing’s history. He oversaw all mission system maintenance in the CENTCOM area of responsibility (AOR) throughout the early days of Operations DESERT STORM and DESERT SHIELD. Because of his work, the Rivet Joint cemented Its role as key player in the development of the Air Force’s Electronic Order of Battle, enabling airstrike planning and the elimination of countless high value enemy targets. Armed with his wealth of experience, Chief Meade continued his service to our nation and our military as a contractor. During his 18 years with L–3 Technologies, he again proved to be a critical part of the 55th Wing’s success. He oversaw the seamless upgrade of 10 minor and 11 major RC–135 mission system baseline updates, an amazing feat. Additionally, Chief Meade facilitated over 150 one time inspections, 200 contract field team visits, 450 maintenance bulletins and 600 engineering technical assistance requests. Chief Meade has a long, proven, track record of accomplishment and devotion to the 55th Wing, of which I have been a member. Chief Meade leaves behind a legacy of mission success, and countless successful Airmen that he has been able to mentor during his career. I am more than honored to commend him on the floor today. TRIBUTE TO MARIAN MCQUAID 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Marian McQuaid, of Guthrie Center, Iowa for being selected as Iowan of the Day at the Iowa State Fair. Founded in 1997, the Iowan of the Day program allows the Blue Ribbon Foundation to recognize Iowa’s most outstanding individuals. Marian has been an active supporter of the Friends of the Library and founded the Guthrie County Arts Council. She spends time volunteering with groups such as Homestead Helpers and the Fall Arts Festival. She was also instrumental in the completion of the Main Street Iowa designation for Guthrie Center. Mr. Speaker, the example set by Marian embodies the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent her and Iowans like her, in the United States Congress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Marian for her achievements and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a man who dedicated his life to the community he served. Delegate James M. ‘‘Jim’’ Scott was a tireless advocate for all and his life and deeds have left an indelible mark on the people of Fairfax County and the Commonwealth of Virginia. Sadly, Jim passed away on April 13, 2017. However, his legacy lives on through the numerous community initiatives he started and programs he helped create as well as in the hearts and minds of so many whose lives he touched. Born in Galax, Va. in 1938, Jim came to Fairfax County as a teacher at Thomas A. Edison High School. Shortly afterwards, he began to work with local nonprofits providing assistance with antipoverty and fair housing initiatives. Jim’s quest to help others eventually led him to the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, where he was elected Providence District Representative in 1971. He continued his work on the issues he had dealt with in the nonprofit community, introducing resolutions on affordable housing and human and civil rights. A constant champion for qualityoflife issues in the County, Jim used his voice to advocate for the most vulnerable among us and ensured that their needs were not forgotten. After serving 14 years on the Board of Supervisors, Jim was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates in 1991. His onevote victory after a sixweek recount earned him the nickname ‘‘Landslide Jim’’, but his effect on the House of Delegates was truly earthshaking. In 1995, he was the lead sponsor of the bill that would become the ‘‘Motor Voter’’ law in Virginia. This bill dramatically expanded access to voter registration in Virginia, allowing individuals to register to vote at locations such as Department of Motor Vehicles, employment and other state offices, as well as by mail. The primary beneficiaries of this legislation were the traditionally underserved and underrepresented whose causes Jim had made his life’s work. Once again, he had improved the lives of countless individuals for the better. That this was done over the objections of Virginia’s sitting Governor at the time gives credence to the tenacity with which Jim pursued his life’s mission. While some would have expected a life mission such as Jim’s to be rooted in a political orthodoxy, they would have been surprised to learn the extent of his pragmatic side. He was a constant disciple of the saying ‘‘Do not let the perfect be the enemy of the good,’’ a piece of wisdom that he shared with his colleagues on both the Board of Supervisors and in the House of Delegates on numerous occasions. Mr. Speaker, Virginia has lost a quiet, gentle but forceful advocate for all who feel powerless. Jim Scott was a voice for civil rights, women’s rights, and LGBT rights because he believed the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States meant what they said. Unusual for a politician, Jim was selfeffacing. A natural mentor, he promoted talent and sought to bestow credit on others. He advanced the careers of myriad public officials. His generosity of spirit benefited causes throughout our Virginia Commonwealth. Most of that generosity was unheralded. Jim was a loving and devoted husband to his beloved wife Nancy and a proud dad to two extraordinary and accomplished daughters, Casey and Mary. He was a devout Methodist, and passionate sports fan for North Carolina and the Washington Nationals. It will be difficult to reimagine the NOVA community without his towering presence and wise guidance. His absence will be a void for those of us privileged to know him. His was a life welllived, and he will be missed. 
Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 71, Budget Resolution, as amended. 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6593–S6701 Measures Introduced: Eleven bills and seven resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1984–1994, and S. Res. 294–300.
Measures Reported: H.R. 194, to ensure the effective processing of mail by Federal agencies. (S. Rept. No. 115–176) 
Measures Passed: Budget Resolution: By 51 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 245), Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 71, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027, after taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
Adopted: By 52 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 226), Capito Amendment No. 1393 (to Amendment No. 1116), to help provide tax relief to middleclass Americans by reducing deductibility, for Federal tax purposes, of federal deductions, such as the state and local tax deduction which disproportionally favors highincome individuals.
By a unanimous vote of 98 yeas (Vote No. 229), Enzi (for Flake) Amendment No. 1178 (to Amendment No. 1116), to make the American tax system simpler and fairer.
Enzi (for Rubio/Lee) Amendment No. 1205 (to Amendment No. 1116), to establish a deficitneutral reserve fund relating to tax cuts for working American families.
Enzi (for Portman) Amendment No. 1422 (to Amendment No. 1116), to provide for an international tax system that provides or enhances incentives for businesses to invest in America, generate American jobs, retain American jobs, and return jobs to America.                                              Pages S6615–16, S6620 
Enzi (for Donnelly) Modified Amendment No. 1234 (to Amendment No. 1116), to establish a deficitneutral reserve fund relating to eliminating tax breaks for companies that ship jobs to foreign countries.
By 58 yeas to 41 nays (Vote No. 239), Enzi (for Udall) Amendment No. 1553 (to Amendment No. 1116), to establish a deficitneutral reserve fund relating to the provision of full, permanent, and mandatory funding for the payment in lieu of taxes program.
Enzi (for Fisher/Collins) Amendment No. 1552 (to Amendment No. 1116), to provide tax relief to American workers, families, and job creators in a manner which maintains the progressivity of the tax system by maintaining or raising the share of taxes paid by high income taxpayers.
By 52 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 244), Enzi Amendment No. 1561 (to Amendment No. 1116), to provide other enforcement provisions related to the House of Representatives. 
Enzi (for Perdue/Whitehouse) Amendment No. 1167 (to Amendment No. 1116), to establish a deficitneutral reserve fund relating to significantly improving the budget process.
Enzi Amendment No. 1116, in the nature of a substitute.
Rejected: By 47 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 225), Wyden Amendment No. 1302 (to Amendment No. 1116), to strike the reconciliation instructions relating to tax reform.
By 47 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 228), Warner Amendment No. 1138 (to Amendment No. 1116), to strike the Senate payasyougo exemption for tax cut reconciliation legislation and the exception to rules preventing any legislation from increasing the deficit over the shortterm.
By 47 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 230), Enzi (for Baldwin) Amendment No. 1139 (to Amendment No. 1116), to prohibit reconciliation legislation that would increase the deficit or reduce a surplus. 
By 47 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 232), Brown Amendment No. 1378 (to Amendment No. 1116), to establish a deficitneutral reserve fund relating to providing tax benefits to patriot employers that invest in American jobs and provide fair pay and benefits to workers.
By 4 yeas to 94 nays (Vote No. 233), Enzi (for Paul) Amendment No. 1296 (to Amendment No. 1116), to modify reconciliation instructions to reduce the deficit.
By 48 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 235), Enzi (for Kaine) Amendment No. 1249 (to Amendment No. 1116), to modify section 4111 to reinstate and strengthen a prohibition on voting on legislation without a Congressional Budget Office score. 
By 5 yeas to 95 nays (Vote No. 236), Enzi (for Paul) Amendment No. 1298 (to Amendment No. 1116), to reduce discretionary spending by $43,000,000,000.
By 32 yeas to 67 nays (Vote No. 237), Enzi (for Lee) Amendment No. 1430 (to Amendment No. 1116), to expand the deficitneutral reserve fund relating to the repeal of provisions of title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
By 33 yeas to 66 nays (Vote No. 238), Enzi (for Paul) Amendment No. 1277 (to Amendment No. 1116), to provide for reconciliation instructions to the relevant committees for the purpose of repealing and replacing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
By 50 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 240), Enzi (for Lee) Amendment No. 1428 (to Amendment No. 1116), to modify a deficit neutral reserve fund relating to public land and the environment to address making payments under the payments in lieu of taxes program equivalent to the property tax revenue that would be due to a State or local government if the State or local government owned the land. 
By 7 yeas to 93 nays (Vote No. 241), Enzi (for Paul) Amendment No. 1404 (to Amendment No. 1116), to ensure that all Americans receive a tax cut, keeping more of their hard earned money, and enjoy the benefit of tax reform.
By 49 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 242), Enzi (for Lee) Amendment No. 1429 (to Amendment No. 1116), to establish a spendingneutral reserve fund relating to prohibiting Federal regulation of entirely intrastate species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973.                                                                  Pages S6625–28 
By 48 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 243), Enzi (for Cantwell) Amendment No. 1301 (to Amendment No. 1116), to strike the reconciliation instructions for the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate to prevent oil and gas development within the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 47 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 227), threefifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to waive section 305(b)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 with respect to consideration of Cantwell/Van Hollen Amendment No. 1141 (to Amendment No. 1116), to create a point of order against legislation that would raise taxes on middle class families by doubletaxing income already taxed at the state or local level. Subsequently, the point of order that the amendment violates section 305(b)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 was sustained, and the amendment thus fell.
By 47 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 231), threefifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to waive section 305(b)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 with respect to consideration of Enzi (for Heitkamp) Amendment No. 1228 (to Amendment No. 1116), to create a point of order against legislation that would increase taxes on taxpayers whose annual income is below $250,000. Subsequently, the point of order that the amendment violates section 305(b)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 was sustained, and the amendment thus fell.
By 47 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 234), threefifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to waive section 305(b)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 with respect to consideration of Enzi (for Cardin/Blumenthal) Amendment No. 1375 (to Amendment No. 1116), to create a point of order against legislation that includes deficitfinanced tax cuts. Subsequently, the point of order that the amendment violates section 305(b)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 was sustained, and the amendment thus fell.
National Alcohol and Drug Addiction Recovery Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 298, supporting the designation of September 2017 as ‘‘National Alcohol and Drug Addiction Recovery Month’’.
National Day on Writing: Senate agreed to S. Res. 299, expressing support for the designation of 
October 20, 2017, as the ‘‘National Day on Writing’’.
McDaniel College 150th Anniversary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 300, recognizing the 150th anniversary of McDaniel College.
House Messages: Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act: Senate began consideration of the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 2266, to amend title 28 of the United States Code to authorize the appointment of additional bankruptcy judges, taking action on the following motions and amendments proposed thereto:
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill.
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 1568, to change the enactment date.
McConnell Amendment No. 1569 (to Amendment No. 1568), of a perfecting nature.
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 1570, to change the enactment date.
McConnell Amendment No. 1571 (to (the instructions) Amendment No. 1570), of a perfecting nature.
McConnell Amendment No. 1572 (to Amendment No. 1571), of a perfecting nature.
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate and pursuant to the unanimousconsent agreement of Thursday, October 19, 2017, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, October 23, 2017. 
A unanimousconsent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, October 23, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with the time until 5:30 p.m. equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees; and that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, the pending cloture motion ripen at 5:30 p.m. 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S6641–42 Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6642–45 
Record Votes: Twentyone record votes were taken today. (Total—245)
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 10:23 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, October 23, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6700.) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Gregory Ibach, of Nebraska, to be Under Secretary for Marketing and Regulatory Programs, and William Northey, of Iowa, to be Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services, both of the Department of Agriculture. DEFENDING THE NATION FROM CYBER ATTACK Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the roles and responsibilities for defending the Nation from cyber attack, after receiving testimony from Rob Joyce, White House Cybersecurity Coordinator, National Security Council; Kenneth P. Rapuano, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security; Scott Smith, Assistant Director for the Cyber Division, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Department of Justice; and Christopher C. Krebs, performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for the National Protection and Programs Directorate. FOOD FOR PEACE PROGRAM Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine modernizing the Food for Peace program, including increased food aid shipping costs due to cargo preference, after receiving testimony from Matthew Nims, Acting Director, Office of Food for Peace, United States Agency for International Development; Thomas Melito, Director, International Affairs and Trade, Government Accountability Office; Christopher B. Barrett, Cornell University SC Johnson College of Business, Ithaca, New York; and Bill O’Keefe, Catholic Relief Services, Baltimore, Maryland. 
HEALTHY CHOICES Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine how healthy choices can improve health outcomes and reduce costs, after receiving testimony from Steve Burd, Burd Health, Alamo, California; Michael F. Roizen, Cleveland Clinic, Cleveland, Ohio; David A. Asch, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine and the Wharton School Center for Health Care Innovation, Philadelphia; and Jennifer Mathis, Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, Washington, D.C., on behalf of the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Michael Lawrence Brown, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina, William M. Ray II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, and John C. Demers, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Scott C. Blader, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Wisconsin, Mark A. Klaassen, to be United States Attorney for the District of Wyoming, William C. Lamar, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Mississippi, John R. Lausch, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois, and J. Douglas Overbey, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Tennessee, all of the Department of Justice. 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 13 public bills, H.R. 4077–4089; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 574–575 were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1488, to retitle Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore as Indiana Dunes National Park, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–350); H.R. 1731, to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to provide funds to States and Indian tribes for the purpose of promoting economic revitalization, diversification, and development in economically distressed communities through the reclamation and restoration of land and water resources adversely affected by coal mining carried out before August 3, 1977, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–351, Part 1); H.R. 2521, to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to include South Carolina as a part of the Virginia/Carolina peanut producing region for purposes of appointment to the Peanut Standards Board (H. Rept. 115–352); H.R. 2941, to provide for the conveyance of certain National Forest System land within Kisatchie National Forest in the State of Louisiana (H. Rept. 115–353); H.R. 2410, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment demonstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, prevention, and treatment (H. Rept. 115–354); H.R. 3053, to amend the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–355, Part 1); H.R. 3101, to enhance cybersecurity information sharing and coordination at ports in the United States, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–356, Part 1); H.R. 2921, to establish a vegetation management pilot program on National Forest System land to better protect utility infrastructure from passing wildfire, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–357, Part 1); H.R. 3921, to extend funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–358, Part 1); and H.R. 3922, to extend funding for certain public health programs, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–359, Part 1).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Issa to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Gene Hemrick, St. Joseph’s Catholic Church, Washington, DC.
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018—Change in Conferees: The Chair appointed the following conferee on H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, and to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, to fill the vacancy caused by the removal of Representative Walden: Representative Shimkus.
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018—Modification of Instruction to Conferees: The Chair announced the following modification to the appointment of conferees from the Committee on Natural Resources on H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, and to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year: strike the first reference to section 2863.
Senate Referrals: S. 705 was held at the desk. S. Con. Res. 26 was held at the desk.
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H8039. Quorum Calls Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and adjourned at 12:03 p.m. Committee Meetings 
Committee on Rules, October 23, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 469, the ‘‘Sunshine for Regulations and Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 732, the ‘‘Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, October 23 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the House message to accompany H.R. 2266, Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, October 23 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E1388 Bacon, Don, Nebr., E1397 Castor, Kathy, Fla., E1390 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1387, E1388, E1389, E1390, E1391, E1392, E1393, E1395, E1396, E1397 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1394 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1392 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1394, E1396 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1388 Evans, Dwigt, Pa., E1387, E1387 Gohmert, Louie, Tex., E1389 Graves, Garret, La., E1389 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1394, E1395 Keating, William R., Mass., E1390, E1394 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1395 McCarthy, Kevin, Calif., E1391 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E1387 Perry, Scott, Pa., E1393 Schneider, Bradley Scott, Ill., E1392 Valadao, David G., Calif., E1393 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1395 Walker, Mark, N.C., E1389 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E1396 Young, David, Iowa, E1388, E1389, E1390, E1392, E1393, E1394, E1395, E1396, E1397 