Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Madam Speaker, I rise today to express my appreciation and that of the Samoan people for the April 23 visit of Vice President M
IKE P
ENCE , who was accompanied by the Second Lady and their daughters to my home district, the United States Terri-tory of American Samoa, upon the con-clusion of his historic 10-day visit to strategic Asian and Pacific partners. Upon his arrival to Pago Pago, the Vice President remarked that he was glad to be back on American soil. This historic visit to American Samoa marks only the third time a sit-ting Vice President has graced our shores and follows in the footsteps of past visits from Vice Presidents Quayle in 1989 and Biden in 2016. Previous vis-its to our beautiful islands from White House dignitaries include First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt in 1943, President Lyndon Johnson in 1966, and President Jimmy Carter’s son, Jeffrey, who rep-resented his father at the inauguration of our first elected Governor in 1977, who happens to be my father, Peter Tali Coleman. Madam Speaker, pursuant to legisla-tion I introduced in February, which was enacted by Congress and signed into law by President Trump on May 31, the Vice President came to Amer-ican Samoa at my humble request to dedicate our veterans clinic to the memory of the late former representa-tive of American Samoa, Congressman Eni F.H. Faleomavaega, with whom the Vice President served the entirety of his tenure in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives from 2003 to 2013. While in American Samoa, the Vice President also reviewed the troops comprised of Reserve companies who are part of the 100th Battalion, 442nd Infantry of the U.S. Army based in Ha-waii. Headquartered at Ft. Shafter in Honolulu, the 100th Battalion, 442nd In-fantry is the only infantry unit in the entire United States Army Reserve. Samoan soldiers who are part of the battalion have fought and served bravely in conflicts from Desert Storm to Afghanistan and Iraq, and others, since the companies were relocated to American Samoa in 1980. Madam Speaker, American Samoa takes particular pride that Vice Presi-dent P
ENCE was able to celebrate with us the 109th anniversary of the estab-lishment of the United States Army Reserves, which just happened to line up perfectly with his visit. While the Vice President’s journey was well covered by international and domestic media, most outlets outside of the Pacific failed to report a signifi-cant statement he made, which I have called the Pago Pago Declaration. This important statement made on our soil was well noted and well received in the Pacific Islands. Specifically, the Vice President spoke of the challenges the U.S. faces in Asia and the Pacific and confirmed to the audience assembled that, as quoted by Radio New Zealand Inter-national and broadcast region-wide: ‘‘We’re here to stay, we’re here for peace, we’re here for the prosperity of all of our people, and we are proud the American flag flies in American Samoa.’’ Madam Speaker, I include in the RECORD this Radio New Zealand Inter-national story. 
[From Radio New Zealand, Apr. 25, 2017] A
MERICAN SAMOANS TOLDUS I SCOMMITTED  
TOREGIONAL PEACE  The United States Vice President has told American Samoans that his country is com-mitted to peace and stability in the Asia-Pa-cific region. Mike Pence made a brief stopover in the US territory yesterday where he was greeted by Governor Lobo Matalasi Moliga his wife, the Lieutenant-Governor Lemanu Peleti Mauga, Chief Justice Michael Kruse, House Speaker Savali Talavou Ale’a and congress-woman Aumua Amata Radewagen. Secret Service agents restricted access and only a few leaders were allowed to shake hands with the Vice-President. Governor Lobo apologised to traditional leaders who weren’t able to conduct a traditional ava ceremony because of security restrictions. Mr Pence, who was with his wife Karen, thanked American Samoans for their sup-port and prayers. He said it was an important time for the Asia-Pacific region. Mr Pence said he was in the territory on behalf of President Donald Trump to symbolise the US commitment to the area. ‘‘We’re here to stay, we’re here for peace, we’re here for the prosperity of all of our people and we are proud the American flag flies in American Samoa,’’ he said. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY7.000 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2976 May 1, 2017 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. The People’s Re-public of China and other external pow-ers are gaining visibility and influence in the region, including the neigh-boring Independent State of Samoa. Due to the new influence of foreign in-terests in the region, members of American Samoa’s territorial legisla-ture, the Fono, just days prior to the Vice President’s arrival, expressed to me, during my appearance before a spe-cial joint session, their concern about the rise of foreign influences in the re-gion. I am certain the Pago Pago Dec-laration will help to allay their con-cerns and will be welcome in capitals across the Pacific from Port Moresby to Papeete, Tahiti. Moreover, Madam Speaker, I antici-pate that the Pago Pago Declaration will be a component of the evolving Trump doctrine that is under develop-ment by the administration, which I expect will be fully articulated when the U.S. participates in the Port Moresby APEC summit in November of next year. Madam Speaker, we, in American Samoa, recognize the strategic impor-tance of our location in the center of the Pacific Ocean and are proud of the contributions we make to our Nation’s security. As always, we stand ready to do our part to advance the spirit of the Vice President’s Pago Pago Declaration, which I expect will have a long lasting and positive effect on the region. I want to, once again, thank the Vice President and the administration for their attention to the Pacific terri-tories, a region that too often goes un-noticed in Washington. 
f 
MCGOVERN-DOLE INTERNATIONAL FOOD FOR EDUCATION PROGRAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the George McGovern-Robert Dole International Food for Education and Child Nutrition Program, one of America’s signature child nutrition and food security pro-grams. Established by Congress in the 2002 farm bill, over the past 15 years, it has provided life-saving meals in school settings to over 14 million of the world’s most vulnerable children. Administered by the Department of Agriculture, this bipartisan-supported program provides U.S. and inter-national organizations with U.S. com-modities, grants, and technical assist-ance to strengthen child nutrition and education. It receives a modest $201 million each year. Regrettably, the President’s FY 2018 budget would cruelly eliminate the entire program. McGovern-Dole is named after two Senators who worked in a bipartisan way during their long tenures in the Senate to end hunger, especially among children in the United States and around the world. They continued their work together after leaving the Senate. They are models for what can be accomplished when Members of Con-gress actually put petty partisanship aside and make the welfare of children and families become your number one priority. And even though George McGovern is no longer with us, Bob Dole continues to champion this cause. On March 20, in a statement to The Washington Post, he said: ‘‘Elimi-nating the McGovern-Dole program would have a disastrous effect on the planet’s most vulnerable children. Without a reliable source of nutrition, these children face a lifetime of stunt-ed physical and mental development and unrealized opportunity. This global school meals program remains one of the proudest achievements of my life-time. It embodies the very best of America’s values. Saving this program means saving lives. It’s as simple as that.’’ Madam Speaker, working through partners like the U.N. World Food Pro-gramme, Catholic Relief Services, World Vision, Save the Children, Coun-terpart International, and many more, McGovern-Dole has reduced the inci-dence of hunger among school-aged children. It has increased school enroll-ments and attendance. It has increased the support of families and commu-nities for education, especially for girls. It is a proven success. Instead of eliminating it, we should be strengthening and expanding it. Now, I have had the privilege of vis-iting some of these programs around the world. In Colombia, I visited a pro-gram in Soacha, on the outskirts of Bo-gota. On barren hillsides, surrounded by shanties housing thousands of inter-nally displaced families, children were receiving a school breakfast and lunch. Mothers and grandmothers were train-ing as cooks preparing the meals. Clearly visible in the cafeteria were USAID bags of grains, beans, and len-tils. One mother came up to me and said: ‘‘Please thank the American people when you go back home. I couldn’t feed my children. I couldn’t send them to school. I was afraid my son was going to join the paramilitaries or guerrillas just to get food. Now my son is getting fed and he is staying in school. Please tell the American people thank you.’’ In Nairobi, Kenya, in the largest slum in the world, I went to a McGov-ern-Dole breakfast and lunch program. The school principal showed me how they store and prepare U.S. commod-ities that feed her students and how all the students know that this program is from the American people. I ate por-ridge made from yellow peas grown by American farmers. The kids dug into this food like it was manna from Heav-en. One little boy would take a bite and then scoop a small amount out of his bowl and put it in his pockets. He was taking food home to his younger sib-lings who don’t get anything to eat. Outside of Nairobi in Maasai country is a school for girls where McGovern- Dole provides a hot lunch. I helped cook and serve the meal of U.S. bulgur wheat and locally grown vegetables. One student told me how grateful she was to be able to go to school every day and eat every day. She grew up in a village over 100 miles away. When she was 12, her father told her that she had to marry a much older man. She refused. Her father ordered her to go to her uncle’s house and get his machete and bring it back to him. She knew that he was going to kill her. She ran away, walking alone for days, because she had heard of this school. And when I met her, she was 15, healthy, and well fed, and at the top of her class. I knew I was talking to someone who will some day be a leader in her country. In the very best way, she will never forget us. And when we take food away from children, families, and schools, those communities will never forget us ei-ther. They won’t forget that we took away their children’s future. I wouldn’t forget it if it were my child. Would you? Madam Speaker, there are many ways to advance U.S. national security and economic interests abroad. Edu-cation and child nutrition are very much at the top of the list. So I urge my colleagues to visit McGovern-Dole programs when they travel abroad and to support continued funding of the program in FY 2018. It is yet another way that we can all work together to end hunger now. f 
ATTEMPT TO REPEAL AND REPLACE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, this morning, the American public woke up to news accounts that the Trump White House and Republican leadership in Congress is going to again this week make another attempt to try and repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. Republican Majority Leader K
EVIN M
CCARTHY gave a speech in Texas a few days ago on Saturday where he prom-ised that this is the week that the Re-publicans will repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. For those of us who were in the Chamber here just a short time ago in March when the first attempt was made to butcher the healthcare system with the so-called American Health Care Act, what we saw was the cul-mination of a process that was hyperpartisan starting in January in which the committees rushed through a piece of legislation without even giv-ing the Congressional Budget Office a chance to analyze the cost and the im-pact in terms of the uninsured rate in America. And then finally, as the hour ap-proached when a vote was scheduled to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.003 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2977 May 1, 2017 
take place, the facts caught up with the legislation. The Congressional Budget Office determined that 24 mil-lion Americans would lose their health coverage, that the Medicare trust fund would be weakened because of the raid on the trust fund by reducing a Medi-care tax surcharge for millionaires; and it would reduce the solvency of the Medicare trust fund by 4 years, a pro-gram that is revered and probably the most popular insurance program in America in which, again, collection of healthcare stakeholders from all across the country, the American Hospital As-sociation, the nurses, the doctors, the March of Dimes all came out univer-sally opposing this measure. And finally, the Quinnipiac poll showed what the American public thought of this bill. They came out with a poll that showed only 17 percent support in the American public for the Republican healthcare bill. Again, the Quinnipiac poll comes from my State, the State of Connecticut, and was very supportive and friendly in terms of its polling data in terms of the Trump campaign last year, so it is certainly not a partisan poll. So why are we revisiting a measure which was so universally denounced and despised? Well, there has been a new amendment that has been offered in an attempt, again, within the con-fines of the Republican majority, to try and win votes to pass this bill this week. Again, they have a majority with roughly 240 seats. They need only 216, and that is really what has been the focus of the majority leader in terms of trying to line up a vote this week. The amendment, the so-called Mac-Arthur amendment, again, revisits some of the issues, which, again, some of the more conservative members of the Freedom Caucus were complaining about, and what it proposes to do is ba-sically give States the ability to wipe out essential health benefits—in other words, the basic patient protections that were built into the health insur-ance law 8 years ago. b1215 It does nothing in terms of trying to ameliorate the impact of the Medicaid cuts, which is the program for low-in-come and working Americans, which the ACA expanded and has done great work in terms of reducing the ranks of the uninsured. That is the measure which we now have before us this week. Well, once again, the stakeholders who have to live with this have weighed in with their thoughts. This is what the American Hospital Associa-tion said: ‘‘The amendment proposed this week would dramatically worsen the bill.’’ Again, it is a bill that was so unpopu-lar, poorly drafted, and not ready for prime time that the Speaker pulled it from a vote on March 24. The American Hospital Association, which is the largest trade association for hospitals in America—they rep-resent thousands of hospitals—have said that, in fact, this makes it even worse. By weakening the essential health benefits—and I come from Connecticut. We know a little bit about insurance in that State. What we know is, if insur-ance companies can redesign healthcare plans, the essential health benefits will be the first to go. The ones that will be the first to go will be maternity care, behavioral health, and emergency coverage because those are the most expensive items that are in-cluded within the health insurance plan. I would say, well, that is true. On the other hand, those are the essential benefits that families need. Look at what has happened since the Affordable Care Act passed in 2007 to infant mortality, for example: because of the Medicaid coverage, 57 percent of the live births in America are now women—and particularly young women—who get the benefit of Med-icaid coverage. So they get prenatal care. They get the help that they need to make sure that a healthy delivery occurs. That is why infant mortality rates have been coming down in this country since the Affordable Care Act passed. To allow States to eliminate or give insurance companies the ability to eliminate maternity care, again, is just going exactly in the opposite direction. A goal all Americans support is to re-duce infant mortality and to promote healthy live births. The American Hospital Association was joined by the American Medical Association, which is the largest trade group which represents physicians all across the country, and came out against the bill. America should listen. The people in Congress should listen. We should not take up this bill. It is time for a true bipartisan process to improve Amer-ica’s healthcare bill. Let’s not vote on this this week. Let’s listen to the American people. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 17 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, O God, for giv-ing us another day. We ask Your blessing upon this as-sembly and upon all to whom the au-thority of government is given. Help them to meet their responsibilities during these days, to attend to the im-mediate needs and concerns of the mo-ment, enlightened by Your eternal spirit. We thank You for Your gifts of pa-tience and perseverance that have led to agreements on the funding of gov-ernment. It is difficult work calling for true leadership. Continue to bless those Members who continue to work toward solutions that redound to the benefit of our Nation. Please send Your spirit of peace upon those areas of our world where con-flicts continue and threaten to break out. May all Your children learn to live in peace. And may all that is done within the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPRECIATING CAPTAIN TAYLOR FORCE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, Captain Taylor Force of South Carolina was a graduate of West Point, a veteran who had served in Af-ghanistan and Iraq, and he was an MBA candidate at Vanderbilt University when he was, at random, stabbed to death by a Palestinian terrorist in March of 2016 as he innocently departed from a bus as a tourist in Israel. He was only 28 years old. His merciless murder at the hands of Palestinian terrorists is even more gruesome because of the Palestinian Authority program of paying out hun-dreds of millions of dollars to terrorists and their families in support of mass murder. I am grateful to support the Taylor Force Act, legislation that restricts all aid from the Palestinian Authority until the Secretary of State confirms they do not provide financial rewards for terrorists in their murderous ac-tivities. I appreciate the leadership of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.004 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2978 May 1, 2017 
Senator L INDSEY GRAHAM , Congress-man D
OUGLAMBORN , and Congressman L
EEZELDIN for introducing the Taylor Force Act. As Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas travels to Washington to meet with President Trump on Wednesday, I am confident that Presi-dent Trump will show his commitment to ending financial rewards for terror-ists. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
AMERICANS LOOK TO THE STARS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, human history is punctuated by explo-rations of the world around us. We are a nation of explorers. It is part of our national identity, and finding new planets and looking for evidence of life beyond our Earth fascinates most Americans. The discovery of life elsewhere in the universe would alter our priorities for space exploration and affect how we view ourselves. In just the last two decades, we have confirmed the existence of 3,000 exoplanets, planets outside our solar system. Probing the cosmos encourages the next generation of young students to pursue careers in astronomy, astro-physics, and astrobiology. We must continue to look at the Stars. They offer us a glimpse of the past and hope for the future. 
f 
HONORING BRAZOSWOOD HIGH SCHOOL (Mr. WEBER of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, the Brazoswood High School band was awarded one of the highest honors: the Sudler Flag of Honor by the John Philip Sousa Foun-dation. The Sudler Flag of Honor is given to distinguished high school bands that have demonstrated particularly high standards of excellence in concert ac-tivities over a period of several years. There is a 7-year minimum process, with countless documents, recordings, letters of recommendation, and per-formances at not only the State but the local level as well. Of the nearly 50 Sudler Flags that have been awarded since 1983, almost 30 of them have gone to Texas high school bands. The Brazoswood Buccaneer Band is the most recent addition to this prestigious group, and they are the only band to have been awarded the Sudler Flag in 2017. My sincere congratulations to the students; the alumni; the band; Mr. Brian Casey, the band director; and the principal, Rita Pintavalle, on this out-standing achievement. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
IL-
SON of South Carolina). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approxi-mately 4:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 6 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1630 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ) at 4 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 910) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund research reports, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 910 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Access to Investment Research Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. SAFE HARBOR FOR INVESTMENT FUND RESEARCH. 
(a) E XPANSION OF THE SAFE HARBOR .—Not later than the end of the 180-day period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall pro-pose, and not later than the end of the 270-day period beginning on such date, the Commission shall adopt, upon such terms, conditions, or re-quirements as the Commission may determine necessary or appropriate in the public interest, for the protection of investors, and for the pro-motion of capital formation, revisions to section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to provide that a covered investment fund re-search report that is published or distributed by a broker or dealer— (1) shall be deemed, for purposes of sections 2(a)(10) and 5(c) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(10), 77e(c)), not to constitute an offer for sale or an offer to sell a security that is the subject of an offering pursuant to a reg-istration statement that is effective, even if the broker or dealer is participating or will partici-pate in the registered offering of the covered in-vestment fund’s securities; and (2) shall be deemed to satisfy the conditions of subsection (a)(1) or (a)(2) of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor provisions, for purposes of the Com-mission’s rules and regulations under the Fed-eral securities laws and the rules of any self- regulatory organization. (b) IMPLEMENTATION OF SAFE HARBOR .—In implementing the safe harbor pursuant to sub-section (a), the Commission shall— (1) not, in the case of a covered investment fund with a class of securities in substantially continuous distribution, condition the safe har-bor on whether the broker’s or dealer’s publica-tion or distribution of a covered investment fund research report constitutes such broker’s or dealer’s initiation or reinitiation of research coverage on such covered investment fund or its securities; (2) not— (A) require the covered investment fund to have been registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–1 et seq.) or subject to the reporting requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m, 78o(d)) for any period exceeding the period of time ref-erenced under paragraph (a)(1)(i)(A)(1) of sec-tion 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions; or (B) impose a minimum float provision exceed-ing that referenced in paragraph (a)(1)(i)(A)(1)(i) of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations; (3) provide that a self-regulatory organization may not maintain or enforce any rule that would— (A) prohibit the ability of a member to publish or distribute a covered investment fund research report solely because the member is also partici-pating in a registered offering or other distribu-tion of any securities of such covered investment fund; or (B) prohibit the ability of a member to partici-pate in a registered offering or other distribution of securities of a covered investment fund solely because the member has published or distributed a covered investment fund research report about such covered investment fund or its securities; and (4) provide that a covered investment fund re-search report shall not be subject to section 24(b) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–24(b)) or the rules and regulations thereunder, except that such report may still be subject to such section and the rules and regula-tions thereunder to the extent that it is other-wise not subject to the content standards in the rules of any self-regulatory organization related to research reports, including those contained in the rules governing communications with the public regarding investment companies or sub-stantially similar standards. (c) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed as in any way limiting— (1) the applicability of the antifraud or antimanipulation provisions of the Federal se-curities laws and rules adopted thereunder to a covered investment fund research report, includ-ing section 17 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77q), section 34(b) of the Investment Com-pany Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–33), and sections 9 and 10 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78i, 78j); or (2) the authority of any self-regulatory orga-nization to examine or supervise a member’s practices in connection with such member’s pub-lication or distribution of a covered investment fund research report for compliance with appli-cable provisions of the Federal securities laws or self-regulatory organization rules related to re-search reports, including those contained in rules governing communications with the public, or to require the filing of communications with the public the purpose of which is not to provide research and analysis of covered investment funds. (d) I
NTERIM EFFECTIVENESS OF SAFE HAR-
BOR.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.006 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2979 May 1, 2017 
(1) I N GENERAL .—From and after the 270-day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, if the Commission has not adopted re-visions to section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, as required by subsection (a), and until such time as the Commission has done so, a broker or dealer distributing or publishing a covered investment fund research report after such date shall be able to rely on the provisions of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, and the broker or dealer’s publica-tion of such report shall be deemed to satisfy the conditions of subsection (a)(1) or (a)(2) of sec-tion 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, if the covered investment fund that is the subject of such report satisfies the reporting his-tory requirements (without regard to Form S–3 or Form F–3 eligibility) and minimum float pro-visions of such subsections for purposes of the Commission’s rules and regulations under the Federal securities laws and the rules of any self- regulatory organization, as if revised and imple-mented in accordance with subsections (a) and (b). (2) S
TATUS OF COVERED INVESTMENT FUND .— After such period and until the Commission has adopted revisions to section 230.139 and FINRA has revised rule 2210, for purposes of subsection (c)(7)(O) of such rule, a covered investment fund shall be deemed to be a security that is listed on a national securities exchange and that is not subject to section 24(b) of the Investment Com-pany Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–24(b)). (3) C
OVERED INVESTMENT FUNDS COMMUNICA -
TIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), communications that concern only covered investment funds that fall within the scope of section 24(b) of the Investment Com-pany Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–24(b)) shall not be required to be filed with FINRA. (B) E
XCEPTION .—FINRA may require the fil-ing of communications with the public if the purpose of those communications is not to pro-vide research and analysis of covered invest-ment funds. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this Act: (1) The term ‘‘covered investment fund re-search report’’ means a research report pub-lished or distributed by a broker or dealer about a covered investment fund or any securities issued by the covered investment fund, but not including a research report to the extent that it is published or distributed by the covered invest-ment fund or any affiliate of the covered invest-ment fund. (2) The term ‘‘covered investment fund’’ means— (A) an investment company registered under, or that has filed an election to be treated as a business development company under, the In-vestment Company Act of 1940 and that has filed a registration statement under the Securi-ties Act of 1933 for the public offering of a class of its securities, which registration statement has been declared effective by the Commission; and (B) a trust or other person— (i) issuing securities in an offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and which class of securities is listed for trading on a national securities exchange; (ii) the assets of which consist primarily of commodities, currencies, or derivative instru-ments that reference commodities or currencies, or interests in the foregoing; and (iii) that provides in its registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 that a class of its securities are purchased or redeemed, subject to conditions or limitations, for a ratable share of its assets. (3) The term ‘‘FINRA’’ means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. (4) The term ‘‘research report’’ has the mean-ing given that term under section 2(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(3)), ex-cept that such term shall not include an oral communication. (5) The term ‘‘self-regulatory organization’’ has the meaning given to that term under sec-tion 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. H
ILL) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Today I rise in support of H.R. 910, the Fair Access to Investment Re-search Act, which I have had the pleas-ure of working on with my friend from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) in this Congress and now-Governor Carney in the last Congress. Mr. F
OSTER , I had the pleasure to speak with Governor Carney this week-end and tell him of our great collabora-tion in this Congress, and he sends his warmest regards for the process. This bill, Mr. Speaker, is a common-sense, bipartisan, bicameral effort to increase access to research and infor-mation on exchange-traded funds, or ETFs, an important and rapidly grow-ing investment vehicle in the United States and around the world. Before coming to Congress, I worked in the banking and investment indus-try for nearly three decades, and I have witnessed firsthand the explosive growth in the ETF industry. Since I started my latest firm in the late 1990s, I have seen the exchange-traded fund selection grow from about 100 funds with about $100 billion in total assets to today’s 2,000 funds with about $2.4 trillion in investment assets. However, despite this rapid growth in the popularity in the ETF market and their increasing importance to retail investors, most broker-dealers do not publish research on ETFs due to anom-alies in our securities laws and regula-tions. The SEC has implemented safe har-bors for research in support of various asset classes, including listed stocks, corporate debt, and closed-ended funds, and Congress has provided explicit safe harbors for research related to the of-ferings of emerging growth company securities. However, despite their simi-larities to those asset classes, ETFs do not benefit from similar safe harbors. An ETF safe harbor is also not a novel concept to the Commission, and there is bipartisan consensus that this is something that the SEC should have done years ago. In addition to pro-viding feedback on this bill for the past 3 years, the SEC, itself, has looked at granting a safe harbor for ETF re-search on multiple occasions but never quite got around to it. The Fair Access to Investment Re-search Act simply directs the SEC to provide a safe harbor for research re-ports that cover ETFs so that these re-ports are not considered offers under the Federal securities laws. Because ETFs are continuously brought to the market, a safe harbor is necessary for broker-dealers to publish this research. It also holds the SEC accountable to Congress by providing an interim safe harbor if the SEC does not act within a 270-day period, which would be effec-tive until the Commission finalizes its rules in this area. Providing this safe harbor will in-crease access to investment informa-tion for consumers and improve the ef-ficiency of our capital markets. Given the importance of ETFs to the market and to the 6 million or so U.S. house-holds that hold ETFs, steps to facili-tate research and allow investors ac-cess to this useful information are long overdue. Mr. Speaker, we want more informa-tion for our consumers about how their investments work, how an ETF fits into their investment portfolio, how it is consistent with their time horizon and their goals, and what the trans-action costs are. What are the unique strategies around that ETF? Does it, in fact, use leverage or not? All these kinds of details will help our con-sumers know more about these prod-ucts. As our Capital Markets Sub-committee ranking member, Mrs. M
ALONEY , stated so eloquently at our markup earlier this year: It makes sense to get more research out there on ETFs. After all, if you are concerned with the growth of ETFs, then the last thing you want is less research. True it is. This bill in no way undermines or eliminates any investor protections in the Federal securities laws or the SEC’s ability to oversee the registra-tion and sale of ETF securities explic-itly, containing a rule of construction that the applicability of the antifraud and antimanipulation provisions of the Federal securities laws are in no way limited by this legislation. This safe harbor would also only apply to bona fide research and in no way limits FINRA, the Federal securi-ties regulators, and the SEC’s ability to regulate sales and marketing lit-erature that is used for ETFs. I would like to thank, again, my col-leagues, Mr. F
OSTER and Governor Car-ney, Senators H
ELLER and P ETERS for their work in the United States Sen-ate, my chairman, the ranking mem-ber, and Mrs. M
ALONEY and the staff on both sides of the aisle for their hard work on this pro-consumer, common-sense proposal to make more informa-tion available to America’s investing households. In March, H.R. 910 passed the House Financial Services Committee by an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of 56–2, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY7.003 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2980 May 1, 2017 
and a similar version of this legislation passed the House in the last Congress by a vote of 411–6. I urge all my colleagues to support this bill today, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my colleague from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for his years of hard bipar-tisan work that went into this bill. I am proud to support this bill today because I believe that it will strength-en the abilities of investors to make in-formed decisions. This legislation would add transparency in the finan-cial markets that will ultimately ben-efit consumers. Exchange-traded funds are valuable and popular tools for investors to get exposure to diversified risk through a single security with low costs. My wife and I use them ourselves. They are, however, like the iPhone, very simple on the outside but incredibly com-plicated products on the inside. They often can be thoroughly understood only by those with the background and the time to analyze the way the ETF is constructed, as well as each of the un-derlying securities and the sectors they are targeting. Retail investors and retirement sav-ers often do not have this time and often do not have the expertise in the markets. High-quality research can help them make informed decisions about which ETFs to invest in, equip-ping them to make decisions on how to diversify across different sectors and indices. ETFs are continuously issued, so they present unique potential risks to underwriting broker-dealers under the Federal securities laws. Generally, the Federal securities laws prohibit a broker-dealer from par-ticipating in a securities offering from publishing research 15 days before or 30 days after the issuance for very good reason. This is to prevent research that could hype the security ahead of the of-fering or try to puff its price after-wards. ETF pricing, however, reflects a wide variety of data across many issuers and classes of securities. Because they are continuously brought to market, it is necessary to provide a clarification in the law that research is permitted to be published continuously, because they are also continually traded on the exchanges. The antifraud provisions of the securities laws will still apply. To be clear, this bill does not vitiate any rights of investors or responsibil-ities of broker dealers with respect to the accuracy and truthfulness of state-ments. Specifically, section 2(c)(1) pro-vides that the antifraud and antimanipulation provisions of the se-curities laws are not limited by any-thing in this bill. Moreover, this ap-plies only to bona fide research, and FINRA can require sales materials to be posted to the public. Section 2(c)(2) preserves the powers of the SROs to oversee all of the prac-tices of broker-dealers, including the publication of these reports. Lastly, the bill provides for a statu-tory safe harbor should the Commis-sion not be able to promulgate a rule in the 270-day period established by the bill. This statutory safe harbor is only available to research on funds that have been reported to the SEC for the last year, ensuring that it is true to the purpose of the bill to provide re-search to be used by investors for exist-ing securities. Statutory safe harbors exist else-where in the Federal securities laws, most notably section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. A statutory private offering ex-emption can be perfected without rely-ing on regulation D. In practice, though, that does not happen, and I trust that the SEC will prescribe an ap-propriate set of rules consistent with section 2(a) of this bill so that the reg-ulatory safe harbor will be effective. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Illinois for his comments and his constructive help on designing and completing the legislative process on this bill. Mr. Speaker, an integral process of getting this bill completed was cer-tainly by our staff, and I want to pay particular attention to Holli Heiles of my personal staff, who, this day, leaves the world of the personal staff and moves to the Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments of the House Financial Services Com-mittee. I want to thank Holli Heiles for her outstanding work on this bill and for her outstanding work on behalf of the people of the Second Congressional District of Arkansas, as well as to con-gratulate her on her move to the com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I again thank my colleague from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) and now-Governor Carney, as well, for working on this bill over the past years. I look forward to it being signed into law. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the work done together on this bill. I don’t have any other speakers on this particular bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkan-sas (Mr. H
ILL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 910, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
b1645 SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION ENHANCEMENT ACT Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1312) to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to require an annual review by the Se-curities and Exchange Commission of the annual government-business forum on capital formation that is held pur-suant to such Act, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1312 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ANNUAL REVIEW OF GOVERNMENT-BUSI-NESS FORUM ON CAPITAL FORMA-TION. 
Section 503 of the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 80c–1) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) The Commission shall— ‘‘(1) review the findings and recommendations of the forum; and ‘‘(2) each time the forum submits a finding or recommendation to the Commission, promptly issue a public statement— ‘‘(A) assessing the finding or recommendation of the forum; and ‘‘(B) disclosing the action, if any, the Commis-sion intends to take with respect to the finding or recommendation. ‘‘(f) F
ORUM FINDINGS .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall require the Commission to agree to or act upon any finding or recommendation of the forum.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. H
ILL) and the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1312, the Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act, which would require the Securities and Ex-change Commission to respond to the recommendations from its annual forum on small business capital forma-tion. Small businesses are the backbone of the U.S. economy, and, according to the SBA, have provided 55 percent of all jobs and 66 percent of all net new jobs over the past 40 years. These small 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.009 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2981 May 1, 2017 
businesses are intimately familiar with their businesses and the regulatory en-vironment, and who better to provide insights to regulators and lawmakers on how to best provide and promote capital formation and remove unneces-sary regulatory barriers and burdens? Nearly four decades ago, in 1980, Con-gress recognized the importance of our small-business owners and their having a voice and sharing their recommenda-tions with the SEC, and Congress re-quired the SEC to conduct an annual forum to review the current status and issues surrounding small business cap-ital formation. But while the Commis-sion is required to conduct this forum, its obligation goes no further. Though the SEC often praises this small business forum and the insights and recommendations from the small business community, the SEC has no obligation to respond to or act on the forum’s recommendations and findings and has rarely done so. For example, many of the provisions of the JOBS Act came from recommendations from the small business forum, but it was Congress who had to move forward with these ideas, not the SEC. This commonsense bill introduced by Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Mr. V ARGAS would re-quire the SEC to formally respond to these recommendations just like they legally have to acknowledge and re-spond to recommendations from their Investor Advisory Committee. Similar legislation passed the House last Con-gress by a nearly unanimous vote, and, earlier this year, H.R. 1312 passed the House Financial Services Committee by a unanimous vote. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill, and I thank, again, my good friends from Maine and from California for their hard work on this bipartisan bill that ensures the voice of our small business community is heard. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1312, a commonsense measure that will ensure the SEC responds to rec-ommendations that will reduce bar-riers to small businesses’ capital for-mation. Access to capital is the life-blood of every business. As ranking member of the House Small Business Committee, I hear this on a near daily basis. It is as true today as it was 65 years ago when Congress created the Small Business Administration. Since that time, Congress has taken steps to better understand the needs of our small businesses and find ways to improve access to capital. In 1980, we created the Government-Business Forum on Small Business Capital For-mation at the SEC. This body helps policymakers learn about unnecessary impediments to small business capital formation and address how they can be eliminated or reduced. However, the SEC isn’t currently required to act on the forum’s recommendations. The Small Business Capital Forma-tion Enhancement Act changes the SEC’s obligation by requiring the Com-mission to respond to the recommenda-tions made by the annual Government- Business Forum. This bill is modeled after a similar provision in the Dodd- Frank Act requiring the SEC to re-spond to the recommendation of the In-vestor Advisory Committee. However, there are important dis-tinctions between the recommenda-tions of the IAC and the forum. Specifi-cally, the IAC is limited by statute to 23 members. By contrast, the forum is open to all public and private partici-pants. As a result, the IAC has only issued 12 recommendations since its first meeting in 2012. During the same timeframe, the forum issued 98 rec-ommendations. While I understand the desire to have the SEC respond to each of the forum’s recommendations, I would remind my colleagues that the SEC has the impor-tant duty to police our financial mar-kets. Therefore, I hope my colleagues will remember these additional duties and set appropriate funding levels for the SEC to ensure agency resources are not being diverted from its crucial ex-amination and enforcement activities. I would like to thank Mr. P
OLIQUIN  and Mr. V
ARGAS for crafting this bipar-tisan bill to ensure that the voice of our small business community is heard. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, again, I ap-preciate the gentlewoman from New York’s views and her helpful work on this legislation. We have lost over the last 20 years some 50 percent of our public compa-nies. When I was getting out of college, one of the great dreams in business would be that you could have a com-pany that was so successful that you could go public. Over the years, obvi-ously that process has made it more and more difficult for our entre-preneurs to pursue their dream of a public company. So what better way to make sure their voice about our rules, our laws, the process of being public, and the process of registering and disclosing is all made in a way that does not dis-courage our entrepreneurs and our small-business people from pursuing that dream of going public. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ), my distinguished friend who serves on the House Financial Services Com-mittee and is a gentleman who is a voice for small business at every meet-ing of the House Financial Services Committee. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, and I appreciate it very much. I do want to thank the Congress-woman from New York and also Con-gressman J
UAN VARGAS of California who stepped up as the lead cosponsor of this legislation. As Mr. HILLmentioned a moment ago, about two-thirds of our new jobs in the last decade have been created by small business. This is the bloodline of our economy, and certainly in Maine, Mr. Speaker, where we are a State and a district of small businesses, this is very particular to my interest. Those of us who have run small busi-nesses know that one of the biggest challenges you have is how to borrow money—access to capital—because un-less you have access to capital and un-less you have the funds you need to grow and expand, you can’t create new opportunities and new jobs for our kids and our grandkids. So access to capital is absolutely critical when it comes to growing our economy and providing more opportunities for the next genera-tion. As has already been said today, the SEC holds these annual forums where small-business leaders who are on the ground creating jobs and those in the public sector get together, and they re-view and explore new ways and better ways to change the regulations and the rules we have in this country such that access to capital is enhanced. What better idea; what more common sense do we need than to have a bill, H.R. 1312, that I am very proud to spon-sor, that requires the SEC to assess every recommendation by this forum every year—not necessarily act upon it, but take it off the shelf, assess it, and determine if action should be taken. I want to thank all the folks who have participated in our forums over the years, both the public and the pri-vate sector, and I ask, Mr. Speaker, that all my colleagues in this House, Republicans and Democrats, please support H.R. 1312. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1312, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
U.S. TERRITORIES INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1366) to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemption for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.013 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2982 May 1, 2017 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1366 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘U.S. Terri-tories Investor Protection Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. TERMINATION OF EXEMPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6(a) of the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–6(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (1). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND SAFEHARBOR .— (1) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendment made by sub-section (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) S
AFE HARBOR .—With respect to a com-pany that is exempt under section 6(a)(1) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–6(a)(1)) on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, the amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) E
XTENSION OF SAFE HARBOR .—The Secu-rities and Exchange Commission, by rule and regulation upon its own motion, or by order upon application, may conditionally or un-conditionally, under section 6(c) of the In-vestment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a– 6(c)), further delay the effective date for a company described in paragraph (2) for a maximum of 3 years following the initial 3- year period if, before the end of the initial 3- year period, the Commission determines that such a rule, regulation, motion, or order is necessary or appropriate in the public inter-est and for the protection of investors. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. H
ILL) and the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Today I rise in support of H.R. 1366, the U.S. Territories Investor Protec-tion Act, and I thank my friend and colleague from New York for her excep-tional efforts in designing and bringing this bill to us today. H.R. 1366 repeals a provision in the Investment Company Act of 1940 that exempts investment companies in Puerto Rico, Guam, and other U.S. ter-ritories from registering with the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission, the SEC, so that they have to play by the same rules as their mainland counter-parts. When Congress first enacted the In-vestment Company Act in the 1940s, a nonregistration exemption for invest-ment companies in the noncontiguous territories made a lot of sense as it was extremely expensive and difficult for the SEC to send staff to travel to these territories and inspect the local com-panies. In fact, Mr. Speaker, back in the 1940s, Eastern Air Lines bragged of their 6-hour-and-10-minute service be-tween New York and San Juan one way for $1,700 in today’s money. So, in fact, it was challenging to get to the terri-tories. But with all the significant advances in technology and travel, these logistical barriers no longer exist. As such, this bill repeals this archaic ex-emption and provides a reasonable and safe harbor to allow those companies currently subject to the exemption to transition. Similar legislation passed the House in the last Congress by voice vote, and, earlier this year, H.R. 1366 passed the House Financial Services Committee by a unanimous vote. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. b1700 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1366, legislation that will close a loop-hole in our securities laws and better protect the investors and retirees of the U.S. territories. The Investment Company Act of 1940 governs investment companies, such as mutual funds, closed-end funds, and ETFs. Its purpose is to protect inves-tors and provide oversight of these companies. In doing so, it regulates various transactions among affiliates, sets leverage limits, outlines record-keeping requirements, and describes how securities may be redeemed. These matters sound technical, but they provide fundamental protections to most U.S. investors. I say ‘‘most’’ because, due to a historical artifact, all funds located in and sold only to resi-dents of U.S. territories are exempted. The reason is, in 1940, territories like Puerto Rico were considered to be too distant from Washington, D.C. Obvi-ously, modern air travel makes that a nonissue today, as regulators routinely travel to Hawaii and Alaska to conduct oversight. In addition, many of these financial products are now traded elec-tronically, truly eliminating the need to visit in person. The consequence of exemption falls squarely on the residents of U.S. terri-tories. Investment companies can sell products to them without the impor-tant oversight, disclosure, and conflict- of-interest requirements to which mainland companies are subject. As a result, many investors and retir-ees have been subject to investment losses, some resulting from behavior that would have been prohibited if the 1940 act applied to the island’s invest-ment companies. To address this matter, H.R. 1366, the U.S. Territories Investor Protection Act, applies the 1940 act to currently exempt investment companies that are located, organized in, and sold to resi-dents of these territories. I would like to point out that this bill is identical to legislation that passed the House last Congress twice with overwhelming bipartisan support. In order to permit investment com-panies to comply with the legislation, it provides for a 3-year compliance pe-riod, with an option, at the approval of the SEC, for an additional 3 years. This time period balances the need to bring the investor protections of the 1940 act to the territories with enough time for affected entities to fully understand and comply with the 1940 act. It is important to note that if invest-ment companies need further relief from any specific requirement of the 1940 act, they are able to request such relief through the SEC under existing law. Earlier this year, past SEC Chair White testified that the exemption should be removed. I want to thank Congressman DUFFY  and Congressman M
ACARTHUR , two of my colleagues from the Puerto Rico Task Force, for cosponsoring this bill. I also want to thank Puerto Rico’s new Member of Congress, J
ENNIFFER  G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N, for cosponsoring it as well; and Senators H
ATCH and M ENEN -
DEZ, who have put forward a companion bill in the Senate. All of this support means a great deal to me and to those investors on the island. Finally, I want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING and Ranking Member W
ATERS for working with me through-out the last 2 years in a highly produc-tive manner. We met with stake-holders, heard their concerns, and fine- tuned the bill. I am confident we devel-oped an approach that would apply the 1940 act in a manner that is sensitive to investors and investment companies alike. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I want to thank my friend from New York for her leadership and her voice on behalf of Puerto Rico and the is-lands in this regard, and for her long public service and particular leadership in this time of important change in Puerto Rico. Recently, Mr. Speaker, I had the op-portunity to take an all-too-quick trip to San Juan to assess the current eco-nomic conditions on the island. It was too brief in that it was less than a day, which seems completely unfair to any visitor to the beautiful island of Puerto Rico. I want to thank my host, our distin-guished delegate from the Common-wealth, J
ENNIFFER GONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nfor hosting me on that visit. I thank her for her cosponsorship on this bill and her leadership on the island here in Congress. We are grateful to have her as a new Member of this body. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.015 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2983 May 1, 2017 
Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in sup-port of the U.S. Territories Investor Protection Act. I am a cosponsor of this bill, and I thank Representative V
ELA´ZQUEZ for introducing H.R. 1366 and the Members who have joined in supporting this important legislation. The U.S. Territories Investor Protec-tion Act will close a loophole in the current law. By passing this bill, Con-gress will bring to Puerto Rico’s inves-tors the same protections enjoyed by investors residing in the 50 States. Under current law, investment funds that are located and organized in the U.S. territories and sell to only resi-dents of the territories are exempted from the Investment Company Act of 1940, which governs entities, such as mutual and exchange-traded funds. Because of this exemption, invest-ment companies located in the U.S. territories can sell their products to territory residents while not being sub-jected to the oversight, disclosure, and conflict-of-interest requirements that govern investment companies located in the States. As a result, investors re-siding in Puerto Rico and the other territories have experienced invest-ment losses, some of which likely would have been prohibited had the 1940 act applied to the territories. For example, UBS operating in Puer-to Rico served as an adviser to Puerto Rico’s Employees Retirement System and, in 2008, led the underwriting of a $2.9 billion bond issue for the govern-ment pension agency. UBS then placed $1.7 billion of those funds into UBS- managed mutual funds that UBS then sold exclusively to customers on the is-land. This investment would have been forbidden by the Investment Company Act if these funds were sold in the States. The Puerto Rican investors holding these bonds have suffered massive losses and are claiming that UBS did not properly disclose the risks of these funds. On the island, hundreds of these customers have filed arbitration claims with the Financial Industry Regu-latory Authority and seek more than $1.1 billion in damages. UBS continues to lose these cases for failing its fidu-ciary responsibilities. Today’s vote on H.R. 1366 will help end such outrageous investment abuse and gives Congress another oppor-tunity to align the laws governing Puerto Rico and the other territories with the laws governing the 50 States. H.R. 1366 will remove the territories’ exemption and make the Investment Company Act of 1940 apply to compa-nies that are located, organized in, and sell to residents of the territories. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of H.R. 1366, the U.S. Territories Investor Protection Act. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Closing the U.S. territories loophole in the Investment Company Act of 1940 will give millions of investors and re-tirees—mostly in Puerto Rico—the peace of mind that their hard-earned money will receive the same level of protection afforded to those on the mainland. I want to thank the chairman, the ranking member, and all the cospon-sors for their hard work in bringing this bipartisan legislation to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this bill, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1366. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FOLLOW THE RULES ACT Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 657) to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protec-tions against prohibited personnel practices, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 657 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Follow the Rules Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITED PERSONNEL ACTION BASED ON ORDERING INDIVIDUAL TO VIO-LATE RULE OR REGULATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (D) of section 2302(b)(9) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, rule, or regulation’’ after ‘‘law’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Such subpara-graph is further amended by striking ‘‘for’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) and the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 657, the Follow the Rules Act, introduced by Congressman S
EAN D
UFFY of Wisconsin. Less than 1 month ago marked the 28th anniversary of the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989. That bill was a landmark accomplishment establishing enforcement mechanisms to protect those who help identify waste, fraud, and abuse in the Federal Government. It also protects those who, in good con-science, refuse orders that could vio-late the law. Last year, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit considered the case of Dr. Timothy Rainey. Dr. Rainey, an employee of the State De-partment, refused an order to violate the Federal Acquisition Regulation. Dr. Rainey’s supervisors subse-quently took away his responsibilities as a contracting officer representative. He argued it was because of his refusal to obey the order. Thus, the Federal Circuit considered whether Federal managers can retaliate against em-ployees who refuse to obey an order that would violate a government rule or regulation rather than a statute. Unfortunately, the Federal Circuit has a record of misinterpreting the law on whistleblowers. That is precisely what happened here. The court held such employees were not protected. Ironically, the court relied on a signifi-cant 2015 Supreme Court decision, DHS v. MacLean, which reaffirmed the pro-tections of the Whistleblower Protec-tion Act. The Federal Circuit’s decision puts Federal employees in an impossible sit-uation. It forces them to choose be-tween following their superior’s orders or following the agency’s rules or regu-lations. In many ways, an agency’s rules and regulations are the standing orders of the head of the agency. My colleague, Representative DUFFY , introduced the Follow the Rules Act to fix this problem. H.R. 657 makes clear that employees are protected from re-taliation for disobeying orders that would violate an agency rule or regula-tion. Refusing to obey such orders is exactly the type of action for which Federal employees should be protected from retaliation. This legislation has bipartisan, bi-cameral support. It passed the House by voice vote near the end of the last Congress. b1715 I hope that this legislation will be signed into law this Congress and Fed-eral employees will be protected in try-ing to do the right thing. I thank Rep-resentative D
UFFY for his leadership on this issue. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. When we are going to pass a bill on a bipartisan basis, it might be useful to acknowledge the bill has a Democratic cosponsor. I am proud to be the lead cosponsor with Congressman D
UFFY on the Follow the Rules Act—in fact, he asked me to play that role—and I rise 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.017 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2984 May 1, 2017 
clearly in strong support of the legisla-tion which will protect, critically, whistleblowers who disclose waste, fraud, and abuse. I want to thank my colleague, Rep-resentative D
UFFY , for working with me in a bipartisan way on this impor-tant bill. We initially introduced the bill together in the 114th Congress, and it passed the House without opposition. Unfortunately, the Senate did not act. Hopefully, this Congress we will be able to persuade the Senate to enact this important protection. This bill would clarify that, under the Whistleblower Protection Act, an employee who refuses to obey an order that would require the employee to violate a law, rule, or regulation is pro-tected. Congressman D
UFFY and I introduced the bill to address a misinterpretation of the Whistleblower Protection Act by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fed-eral Circuit in the case of Rainey v. MSPB in 2016, as my colleague from Kentucky suggested. In that case, a contracting officer, Dr. Timothy Rainey, was ordered by his supervisor to tell a contractor to rehire a termi-nated subcontractor. Dr. Rainey, in principle, refused because carrying out that order would have required him to violate the Federal Acquisition Regu-lation by improperly interfering with the contractor’s personnel decisions and requiring the contractor to act contrary to the terms of the contract. What reward did Dr. Rainey get for doing the right thing? He was stripped of his duties and given a negative per-formance rating. The Federal circuit, God knoweth how, held that an employee who re-fuses to obey an order is protected only if the order would violate a law, a stat-ute, but not if the order would violate a rule or a regulation. Talk about look-ing at angels on the head of a pin. The court’s ruling was contrary, clearly, to the Whistleblower Protection Act and the intent of this Congress. In enacting the Whistleblower Pro-tection Act, Congress clearly intended that protections granted to govern-ment employees who blow the whistle on waste, fraud, and abuse be construed broadly. We clearly had in mind not only laws, but rules and regulations as well. Congress and the American people rely on whistleblowers to make govern-ment efficient, honest, and effective, and we in Congress want to support those people. As a member of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform, I rely on whistleblowers to help us with our oversight and reform work. Without them, rooting out mis-management, abuse, and corruption would be very difficult. The underlying principle of the Whis-tleblower Protection Act is that em-ployees should be protected from retal-iation if they do the right thing, even if it means disobeying orders from their superiors. Given the Trump ad-ministration’s attacks on the Federal workforce, it is especially important now, more than ever, for this Congress to uphold whistleblower protections for all of our public servants. We cannot tolerate the issuance of gag orders to silence dissent, and we cannot permit the firing of agency em-ployees who have differing political views from our own or who might ob-ject to administration actions. If the administration and my colleagues are serious about draining the swamp, we need to do all we can to ensure that Federal employees are allowed to per-form their jobs free from political pres-sure to violate laws, rules, and regula-tions. Protecting whistleblowers has been and should continue to be a bipar-tisan—indeed, nonpartisan—issue and something on which we can find com-mon ground. I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this important bipartisan legislation. I am proud to cosponsor it with my friend, the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ). Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, those of us in this institution talk about we are a country of laws. However, over time, more and more of the statements that we have to live by are not laws. They are rules and regulations. There-fore, when the Whistleblower Protec-tion Act was passed in 1989, I am not sure at the time whether it was in-tended to cover rules and regulations, but, as a practical matter, I think Fed-eral employees will run into problems in which they are asked to disobey rules and regulations even more than statutory laws themselves. On June 7 of last year, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled in Rainey v. Merit Systems Protection Board that, while laws were covered by the Whistleblower Protection Act, rules and regulations were not, at least if you weren’t a Federal employee. Why is it relevant that we have to make up for the problems caused by this decision? Dr. Timothy Rainey was a State Department employee who, while serving as a contracting officer in 2013, was ordered by his superior to violate the Federal Acquisition Regu-lation. Dr. Rainey refused and was sub-sequently removed from his duties. When Dr. Rainey invoked the right- to-disobey provision of the Whistle-blower Protection Act, the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board ruled the law only protected him from violating Fed-eral laws, but such protections don’t apply to rules or regulations. Dr. Rainey appealed the case, and the U.S. Court of Appeals upheld the Protection Board ruling and, in doing so, exposed a glaring inconsistency in the applica-tion of the act. What does this mean? Federal whis-tleblowers play an important role in exposing mismanagement, the rampant mismanagement at Federal agencies, and supporting the oversight work of Congress. Critical to them is the Whis-tleblower Protection Act which pro-vides Federal workers with certain legal safeguards to disclose informa-tion that an employee reasonably be-lieves evidences gross mismanagement, waste of funds, abuse of authority, or a violation of the law. This ruling will take away the pro-tections when they stand up to bad ac-tors in the Federal workforce. In effect, this ruling will give permission to su-pervisors in positions of authority to force Federal workers to violate the rules and regulations that Congress, through law, directs the agencies im-plement. Regardless of your opinion about cer-tain rules, we should not leave, ex-posed, Federal workers who are just trying to follow the rules instead of obeying supervisors who want them to disobey the rules and regulations. The bipartisan Follow the Rules Act, which I am an original cosponsor of, will close this loophole created by the court’s ruling and ensure that Federal employees have protections for refus-ing to violate the rules and regulations in addition to the law. I ask support for this bill. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I agree with my friend from Wisconsin. I think he laid out the case very well. I think the ruling of the circuit court in many ways tells us about the perils of a very juridical view of what a stat-ute is all about. To refuse to take into account context, history, legislative history, and congressional intent that is reflected often in the kind of debate we are having here on the floor I think is not in the spirit of trying to inter-pret the laws as Congress intends them. Sooner or later I think Congress is going to have to address this kind of fundamentalist, originalist approach to laws that I think is nonsensical and leads to this kind of cherry-picking about what it was Congress intended to protect. I agree with my friend from Wis-consin. I think this bill is necessary be-cause we have to clarify the law, appar-ently, for the courts and protect people like Dr. Rainey. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 657, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.021 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2985 May 1, 2017 
400 YEARS OF AFRICAN-AMERICAN HISTORY COMMISSION ACT Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1242) to establish the 400 Years of African-American History Commission, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1242 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘400 Years of African-American History Commission Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OMMEMORATION .—The term ‘‘com-memoration’’ means the commemoration of the 400th anniversary of the arrival of Afri-cans in the English colonies, at Point Com-fort, Virginia, in 1619. (2) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the 400 Years of African-American History Commission established by section 3(a). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established a commission, to be known as the ‘‘400 Years of African-American History Commission’’. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) C
OMPOSITION .—The Commission shall be composed of 15 members, of whom— (A) three members shall be appointed by the Secretary after considering rec-ommendations of Governors, including the Governor of Virginia; (B) six members shall be appointed by the Secretary after considering recommenda-tions of civil rights organizations and histor-ical organizations; (C) one member shall be an employee of the National Park Service having experience relative to the historical and cultural re-sources related to the commemoration, to be appointed by the Secretary; (D) two members shall be appointed by the Secretary after considering the rec-ommendations of the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution; and (E) three members shall be individuals who have an interest in, support for, and exper-tise appropriate to the commemoration, ap-pointed by the Secretary after considering the recommendations of Members of Con-gress. (2) T
IME OF APPOINTMENT .—Each appoint-ment of an initial member of the Commis-sion shall be made before the expiration of the 120-day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (3) T
ERM; VACANCIES .— (A) T
ERM.—A member of the Commission shall be appointed for the life of the Commis-sion. (B) V
ACANCIES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—A vacancy on the Commis-sion shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made. (ii) P
ARTIAL TERM .—A member appointed to fill a vacancy on the Commission shall serve for the remainder of the term for which the predecessor of the member was ap-pointed. (C) C
ONTINUATION OF MEMBERSHIP .—If a member of the Commission was appointed to the Commission as an employee of the Na-tional Park Service, and ceases to be an em-ployee of the National Park Service, that member may continue to serve on the Com-mission for not longer than the 30-day period beginning on the date on which that member ceases to be an employee of the National Park Service. (c) DUTIES .—The Commission shall— (1) plan, develop, and carry out programs and activities throughout the United States— (A) appropriate for the commemoration; (B) to recognize and highlight the resil-ience and contributions of African-Ameri-cans since 1619; (C) to acknowledge the impact that slavery and laws that enforced racial discrimination had on the United States; and (D) to educate the public about— (i) the arrival of Africans in the United States; and (ii) the contributions of African-Americans to the United States; (2) encourage civic, patriotic, historical, educational, artistic, religious, economic, and other organizations throughout the United States to organize and participate in anniversary activities to expand under-standing and appreciation of— (A) the significance of the arrival of Afri-cans in the United States; and (B) the contributions of African-Americans to the United States; (3) provide technical assistance to States, localities, and nonprofit organizations to further the commemoration; (4) coordinate and facilitate for the public scholarly research on, publication about, and interpretation of— (A) the arrival of Africans in the United States; and (B) the contributions of African-Americans to the United States; (5) ensure that the commemoration pro-vides a lasting legacy and long-term public benefit by assisting in the development of appropriate programs; and (6) help ensure that the observances of the commemoration are inclusive and appro-priately recognize the experiences and herit-age of all individuals present at the arrival of Africans in the United States. 
SEC. 4. COMMISSION MEETINGS. 
(a) I NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which all members of the Commission have been appointed, the Commission shall hold the initial meeting of the Commission. (b) M
EETINGS .—The Commission shall meet— (1) at least three times each year; or (2) at the call of the Chairperson or the majority of the members of the Commission. (c) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the voting members shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number may hold meetings. (d) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICECHAIRPERSON .— (1) E
LECTION .—The Commission shall elect the Chairperson and the Vice Chairperson of the Commission on an annual basis. (2) A
BSENCE OF THE CHAIRPERSON .—The Vice Chairperson shall serve as the Chair-person in the absence of the Chairperson. (e) V
OTING .—The Commission shall act only on an affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Commission. 
SEC. 5. COMMISSION POWERS. 
(a) G IFTS.—The Commission may solicit, accept, use, and dispose of gifts, bequests, or devises of money or other property for aiding or facilitating the work of the Commission. (b) A
PPOINTMENT OF ADVISORY COMMIT -
TEES.—The Commission may appoint such advisory committees as the Commission de-termines to be necessary to carry out this Act. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF ACTION .—The Com-mission may authorize any member or em-ployee of the Commission to take any action that the Commission is authorized to take under this Act. (d) P
ROCUREMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Commission may pro-cure supplies, services, and property, and make or enter into contracts, leases, or other legal agreements, to carry out this Act (except that a contract, lease, or other legal agreement made or entered into by the Com-mission shall not extend beyond the date of termination of the Commission). (2) L
IMITATION .—The Commission may not purchase real property. (e) P
OSTAL SERVICES .—The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other agencies of the Federal Government. (f) G
RANTS AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— The Commission may— (1) provide grants in amounts not to exceed $20,000 per grant to communities and non-profit organizations for use in developing programs to assist in the commemoration; (2) provide grants to research and scholarly organizations to research, publish, or dis-tribute information relating to the arrival of Africans in the United States; and (3) provide technical assistance to States, localities, and nonprofit organizations to further the commemoration. 
SEC. 6. COMMISSION PERSONNEL MATTERS. 
(a) C OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a member of the Commission shall serve without compensation. (2) F
EDERAL EMPLOYEES .—A member of the Commission who is an officer or employee of the Federal Government shall serve without compensation other than the compensation received for the services of the member as an officer or employee of the Federal Govern-ment. (b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for an employee of an agen-cy under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the home or regular place of business of the member in the performance of the duties of the Commission. (c) D
IRECTOR AND STAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairperson of the Commission may, without regard to the civil service laws (including regulations), nomi-nate an executive director to enable the Commission to perform the duties of the Commission. (2) C
ONFIRMATION OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— The employment of an executive director shall be subject to confirmation by the Com-mission. (d) C
OMPENSATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Commission may fix the compensation of the executive director and other personnel without regard to the provi-sions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, re-lating to classification of positions and Gen-eral Schedule pay rates. (2) M
AXIMUM RATE OF PAY .—The rate of pay for the executive director and other per-sonnel shall not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Schedule under sec-tion 5316 of title 5, United States Code. (e) D
ETAIL OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES .— (1) F
EDERAL EMPLOYEES .— (A) D
ETAIL .—At the request of the Com-mission, the head of any Federal agency may detail, on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis, any of the personnel of the agency to the Commission to assist the Commission in carrying out the duties of the Commission under this Act. (B) C
IVIL SERVICE STATUS .—The detail of an employee under subparagraph (A) shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status or privilege. (2) S
TATE EMPLOYEES .—The Commission may— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.023 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2986 May 1, 2017 
(A) accept the services of personnel de-tailed from the State; and (B) reimburse the State for services of de-tailed personnel. (f) P
ROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND INTER -
MITTENT SERVICES .—The Chairperson of the Commission may procure temporary and intermittent services in accordance with sec-tion 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for individuals that do not exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title. (g) V
OLUNTEER AND UNCOMPENSATED SERV-
ICES.—Notwithstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, the Commission may accept and use such voluntary and uncom-pensated services as the Commission deter-mines to be necessary. (h) S
UPPORT SERVICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide to the Commission, on a reimbursable basis, such administrative support services as the Commission may request. (2) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—Any reimbursement under this paragraph shall be credited to the appropriation, fund, or account used for pay-ing the amounts reimbursed. (i) N
OEFFECT ON AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this section supersedes the authority of the National Park Service with respect to the commemoration. 
SEC. 7. PLANS; REPORTS. 
(a) S TRATEGIC PLAN.—The Commission shall prepare a strategic plan for the activi-ties of the Commission carried out under this Act. (b) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than July 1, 2020, the Commission shall complete and sub-mit to Congress a final report that con-tains— (1) a summary of the activities of the Com-mission; (2) a final accounting of funds received and expended by the Commission; and (3) the findings and recommendations of the Commission. 
SEC. 8. TERMINATION OF COMMISSION. 
(a) D ATE OF TERMINATION .—The Commis-sion shall terminate on July 1, 2020. (b) T
RANSFER OF DOCUMENTS AND MATE-
RIALS .—Before the date of termination speci-fied in subsection (a), the Commission shall transfer all documents and materials of the Commission to the National Archives or an-other appropriate Federal entity. 
SEC. 9. EXPENDITURES OF COMMISSION. 
All expenditures of the Commission shall be made solely from donated funds. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) and the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 1242, the 400 Years of African-American His-tory Commission Act, introduced by Congressman B
OBBY SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 1242 establishes a historical commission commemorating the 400th anniversary of the arrival of Africans in Virginia in 1619. The bill creates a commission to plan programs and ac-tivities in 2019 to recognize the arrival, influence, and historical importance of Africans in America. Congress has previously established similar commissions to celebrate his-torical anniversaries. For example, there was a commission on the 400th anniversary of the founding of James-town, Virginia, and the 450th anniver-sary of the founding of St. Augustine, Florida. As we reach the 400th anniversary of the arrival of Africans in Virginia, es-tablishing this commission allows for the opportunity to acknowledge the horrible impact slavery has had in America. This is an opportunity to commemorate the resilience and con-tributions of African Americans in our country. While that chapter in our his-tory is a painful one, this is a story that must be told to acknowledge how profoundly unrecognizable our Nation would be without the contribution of African Americans. The commission will work with State and local groups to coordinate the commemoration and public education. The commission will be funded by pri-vate donations, not taxpayer dollars, and will terminate shortly after the anniversary activities conclude. The bill authorizes the commission to pro-vide grants to further the historical and cultural activities carried out in commemoration of the anniversary. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform approved this bill on March 28, 2017. I thank Congressman SCOTT for his leadership on this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1242, the 400 Years of African-American History Commission Act, introduced by my friend and colleague from Virginia, B
OBBY SCOTT. Senator T IMKAINE of Virginia has introduced a companion bill in the Senate. In the 400 years since the first Afri-cans arrived at Point Comfort, Vir-ginia, African Americans have made an indelible contribution to our Nation. They have been pioneers in the arts and sciences. They have led the charge for civil rights and spoken out against injustice against anybody. They have also ascended to the highest level of politics, athletics, and business, and sacrificed for our country in every military engagement from the Amer-ican Revolution to the present-day fight against terrorism. African Americans have played a cru-cial role in the establishment and evo-lution of our Nation: Crispus Attucks, a Black man, be-came the first casualty of the Amer-ican Revolution in my hometown of Boston when he confronted British sol-diers in what became known as the Boston Massacre. James Armistead, a slave who fed false information to the British, helped the Patriots’ cause to secure victory in the Battle of Yorktown. Abolitionists, from Sojourner Truth to Frederick Douglass to Harriet Tub-man spoke out against slavery and fought to realize the meaning of Thom-as Jefferson’s founding creed that all men are created equal. And African Americans helped our country awaken its collective con-sciousness during the epochal civil rights movement, with the courageous actions of so many from Rosa Parks in the Montgomery bus boycott to the persevering spirit of our colleague JOHN LEWIS and the Freedom Riders, and the bold vision, of course, of Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., that ‘‘injustice anywhere threatens justice every-where.’’ The bill before us today would recog-nize those accomplishments while ac-knowledging the sorry, tragic history of slavery in America and the subse-quent era of discrimination and eco-nomic deprivation after the Civil War. H.R. 1242 would establish a commission charged with celebrating the rich his-tory of African Americans in the United States. Along with States, community groups, and nonprofit organizations, the commission would plan and execute anniversary activities throughout the Nation and encourage the publication and distribution of scholarly research on African-American history. I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 1242. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1730 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is remain-ing on this side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia has 17
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), my friend and the author of this bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1242, the 400 Years of African-American History Commission Act, which was introduced earlier this year by Senators T
IM K
AINE, MARKWARNER , ROYBLUNT , and C
ORYBOOKER . I was proud to introduce the House version, which has the sup-port of Representatives T
AYLOR , RICH-
MOND , W ITTMAN , B EYER , M CEACHIN , L
EWIS, COMSTOCK , CONNOLLY , GRIFFITH , G
OODLATTE , and many others. I would like to thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ , Ranking Member C UMMINGS , Mr. C
OMER , and Mr. C ONNOLLY for their assistance in bringing the bill to the floor today. This bill would establish a commis-sion to begin the planning of programs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY7.007 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2987 May 1, 2017 
and activities across our Nation to rec-ognize the contributions of African Americans since their first arrival as African slaves in the English colonies at Point Comfort, Virginia, in 1619, al-most 400 years ago. Slavery was an abhorrent institu-tion, but the history of Virginia and our Nation cannot be fully understood without first recognizing the role played by the slave trade. This institu-tion was the foundation of the colonial and early American agricultural sys-tem. The 20 slaves who arrived at Point Comfort in Hampton, Virginia, in 1619 were the first on record to be forcibly settled as involuntary laborers in the English colonies. This bill will establish a commission to recognize and highlight the resil-ience and contributions of African Americans since 1619. From enduring slavery to fighting in the Civil War, to working against the oppressive Jim Crow laws, to struggling through the civil rights movement, the rich history of African Americans in the United States and their contributions to our Nation began hundreds of years ago. Obviously, this history does not end there. The commission established by this bill will be charged with the important task of planning, developing, and im-plementing a series of programs and activities throughout 2019 to tell the full story of African Americans over the last 400 years. This 15-member com-mission will include historical experts instead of politicians. Therefore, the true legacy of African Americans will be truthfully told. It would be a great disservice not only to African Americans, but to all Americans, if we fail to appropriately recognize this important milestone in our Nation’s history. Mr. Speaker, I again thank the chair-man and ranking member of the com-mittee, Mr. C
OMER and Mr. C ONNOLLY , for their leadership in bringing this bill to the floor. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend B
OBBY SCOTT for his leadership. This is an incredible serv-ice, not only to my Commonwealth of Virginia and his, but, frankly, to all Americans. This isn’t just an issue for African Americans or some subgroup. All of us are formed from our history, as we know from the popularity of the opening of the new African-American museum here in Washington, which is an incredible contribution, I think, to our Nation’s culture and our discus-sion. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speak-ers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1242, ‘‘400 Years of African- American History Commission Act’’, which es-tablishes the 400 Years of African-American History Commission to develop and carry out activities throughout the United States to com-memorate the 400th anniversary of the arrival of Africans in the English colonies at Point Comfort, Virginia, in 1619. Through this bill, the commission must: 1. Plan programs to acknowledge the im-pact that slavery and laws that enforced racial discrimination had on the United States; 2. Encourage civic, patriotic, historical, edu-cational, artistic, religious, and economic orga-nizations to organize and participate in anni-versary activities; 3. Assist states, localities, and nonprofit or-ganizations to further the commemoration; and 4. Coordinate for the public scholarly re-search on the arrival of Africans in the United States and their contributions to this country. The commission may provide: 1. Grants to communities and nonprofit or-ganizations for the development of programs; 2. Grants to research and scholarly organi-zations to research, publish, or distribute infor-mation relating to the arrival of Africans in the United States; and 3. Technical assistance to states, localities, and nonprofit organizations to further the com-memoration. The commission must prepare a strategic plan and submit a final report to Congress that contains a summary of its activities, an ac-counting of its received and expended funds, and its recommendations. The commission would submit a final report to the Congress and terminate on July 1, 2020. H.R. 1242 would authorize the appropriation of the necessary amounts for those purposes. The commission would consist of 15 mem-bers who would serve without pay but would be reimbursed for travel expenses. CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 1242 would not increase net direct spending or on- budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2028. Enacting H.R. 1242 would not affect revenues. H.R. 1242 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Un-funded Mandates Reform Act and would im-pose no costs on state, local, or tribal govern-ments. August of 2019 will mark 400 years since the first documented arrival of Africans who came to English America by way of Point Comfort, Va. Not only is it appropriate to establish a com-mission that would recognize the contributions of African Americans, but it is historically sig-nificant to acknowledge that the ‘‘20 and odd’’ Africans (as it was recorded) were the first re-corded group of Africans to be sold as invol-untary laborers or indentured servants in the English colonies. The commission would be charged with highlighting the resilience and contributions of African Americans, as well as acknowledging the painful impact that slavery and other atroc-ities have had on our nation. African Americans have contributed to the economic, academic, social, cultural and moral well-being of this nation. Could we claim America as the most inno-vative nation on earth without the invention of the modern traffic light, the perfection of the carbon filament or the use of the mathematics that propelled Apollo astronauts to the moon? African-American culture is American cul-ture, and African-American discoveries are American discoveries. Without the accomplish-ments of African Americans, the United States could not boast the ingenuity and cultural rich-ness that we cherish. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1242, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 33 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1180, WORKING FAMILIES FLEXIBILITY ACT OF 2017; PRO-VIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DUR-ING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 5, 2017, THROUGH MAY 15, 2017; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 115–106) on the resolution (H. Res. 299) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1180) to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide compensatory time for employees in the private sector; pro-viding for proceedings during the pe-riod from May 5, 2017, through May 15, 2017; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 237. SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION ENHANCEMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SHIMKUS ). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1312) to amend the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to require an an-nual review by the Securities and Ex-change Commission of the annual gov-ernment-business forum on capital for-mation that is held pursuant to such Act, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 406, nays 0, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 238] YEAS—406 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.027 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2989 May 1, 2017 
Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—24 
Amodei Brady (PA) Chaffetz Conyers Cuellar Deutch Duncan (TN) Hultgren Hurd Jones Kildee Lawrence MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Meng Newhouse Olson Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Ryan (OH) Slaughter Smith (MO) Walker 
b1904 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. FOLLOW THE RULES ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 657) to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protec-tions against prohibited personnel practices, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 407, nays 0, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 239] YEAS—407 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—23 
Amodei Brady (PA) Chaffetz Conyers Cuellar Deutch Duncan (TN) Hultgren Hurd Jones Kildee Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Meng Newhouse Olson Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Ryan (OH) Slaughter Smith (MO) Tipton Walberg 
b1911 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, May 1, I was delayed in my travels back to Washington due to a delayed flight. If I had been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 237, passage of H.R. 910— Fair Access to Investment Research Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01MY7.011 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2990 May 1, 2017 
2017; ‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 238, passage of H.R. 1312—Small Business Capital Formation En-hancement Act; and ‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 239, passage of H.R. 657—Follow the Rules Act. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MEG DALY (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Meg Daly, who is the founder of The Underline, a won-derful 10-mile linear park and urban trail in my congressional district that will serve to connect hundreds of Americans across Miami-Dade County through safe, alternative methods of transportation. In 2013, Meg had an unfortunate acci-dent that broke both of her arms. Since she couldn’t drive herself to attend physical therapy, she took the Metro-rail near her home and walked under-neath the train tracks to reach her des-tination. That is when Meg took notice of the underutilized land right below the Metrorail and envisioned its trans-formative potential for community mobility, positive economic impact, and enhanced quality of life. The Underline counts with over-whelming support across Miami-Dade, providing for a safe and healthy space for our community members to express themselves. From free yoga classes to artistic festivals to projects to restore Miami’s urban green space, each day The Underline is getting closer to be-coming what Meg has envisioned. Congratulations to one of our com-munity’s leaders, Meg Daly. 
f 
b1915 DISABILITY DISCHARGE OF PARENT PLUS LOANS (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, today I introduced the PLUS Loan Disability Forgiveness Act, a bill to relieve the burden of student loan debt on parents whose children become permanently disabled. While most student loans are forgiven if a student becomes totally and permanently disabled, parent PLUS loans are not. It is simply wrong that a parent struggling with a child’s disability is not afforded the same loan forgiveness as other borrowers. My bill would ex-tend disability discharge to parent PLUS loans. It would allow families to focus on healing, not servicing debt. It would help lighten the $1.4 trillion owed by student borrowers and their families. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting these parents, who are just trying to help their chil-dren succeed. MODERN DAY SLAVERY IN LIBYA (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, after the United States toppled the Govern-ment of Libya, the nation became a failed state, one that is a brothel of slavery. Fleeing persecution from ter-rorists and vast famine, west Africans hand their life savings over to drivers who will take them to Niger, then off to Europe. But these refugees are labor trafficked as slaves to Libya instead. They are bound to the slave block and sold at the auction of slavery. The slave drivers force them to work inside private prisons for little or no food. Meanwhile, the slave masters de-mand ransoms from the families. If the families don’t pay the ransom, the ref-ugees are sold again to larger prisons and the demand doubles. If the ransom is never paid, the slaves are eventually murdered. Mr. Speaker, human slavery still ex-ists in north Africa, and it is a scourge on humanity. But the United States should be very careful about taking out a regime like it did in Libya without understanding the long-term con-sequences like what happened in Libya. And that is just the way it is. f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S LEGACY (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, one of the most important parts of President Obama’s legacy is the rec-ognition that Americans should not be discriminated against based on pre-existing conditions. This principle was enshrined in law by the Affordable Care Act, and now millions of Americans across the political spectrum support these vital protections. Even yester-day, President Trump, an avowed oppo-nent of the Affordable Care Act, stated unequivocally that he was opposed to discrimination based on preexisting conditions. The bill under consideration by this House, the American Health Care Act, does not represent that same bipar-tisan principle. My colleagues are ad-vancing a measure that would let States turn back the clock for millions of Americans and begin that discrimi-nation again. Today, I urge my colleagues to op-pose this bill for the sake of all those it would harm. For the sake of anyone who has survived cancer, battled diabe-tes, or was simply born a woman, I urge you, vote ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
NATIONAL CHARTER SCHOOL WEEK (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize National Charter Schools Week and the 25th anniversary of the opening of the very first charter school. With nearly 3 million students at-tending public charter schools across the country, 43 States, and the District of Columbia, it is the fastest growing choice option in public education. Min-nesota is a leader in developing new in-novative ways to educate our students and was the very first State to allow charter schools. Today, Minnesota has 164 charter schools that serve about 57,000 students in kindergarten through the 12th grade. Our State usually ranks among the top in having charter school friendly laws and developing high qual-ity and independent charter school op-tions. As co-chair of the Charter School Caucus, I believe it is important that we do continue to create and develop this educational option. America will continue to lead the world in innova-tion and ideas if our students receive the best education possible from early childhood all the way through graduate school, and that means ensuring a child’s ZIP Code does not determine the outcome of their education and the quality of their education. f 
TELL ME IT ISN’T SO (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, a few of us were at the United Nations this morning and this afternoon, and what we heard most was the impor-tance of empowering women in devel-oping countries who have experienced violence, sexual violence. Tell me it isn’t so that the President of the United States has discontinued Let Girls Learn, fostered and supported by Mrs. Obama, which is an important key element of the Peace Corps, which is attempting to help these girls learn and empower them. Tell me it isn’t so that the President of the United States, not recognizing the Constitution and freedom of speech, is trying to expand or change the libel laws that if you don’t like what they say about you as a politi-cian, you can undermine and you can charge First Amendment privilege, First Amendment press, and others with a violation of those laws. Tell me it isn’t so that America is going back on her values and her com-mitment to helping people around the world, particularly vulnerable women and children, and, of course, deni-grating the First Amendment and the freedom of the press. Tell me it isn’t so. 
f 
FLEXIBILITY FOR WORKERS (Mr. BERGMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1180, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY7.014 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2991 May 1, 2017 
Working Families Flexibility Act, in-troduced by my friend, the gentle-woman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY). The House will be considering the bill later this week to give private sector em-ployees the same flexibility offered to many local, State, and Federal Govern-ment workers that have had it for many years now. The legislation will give employees the option of choosing to receive com-pensatory time off from their employ-ers instead of overtime wages. It does not change the 40-hour workweek, and it does not weaken employee protec-tions. We are simply giving American workers more choice. The bill does not allow for employees to coerce anyone into choosing one op-tion over another. It would be a vol-untary decision made between the em-ployer and the employee. Everyone needs flexibility in their schedule to balance between work and personal time, and we should be giving Amer-ican workers the option to choose what is most important to them: overtime wages or time off. It should be their de-cision, not the government’s. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of H.R. 1180, the Working Fam-ilies Flexibility Act. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S BROKEN PROMISES (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, add job creation and infrastructure to the list of President Trump’s broken promises. After 102 days in office, the so-called ‘‘greatest jobs President that God ever created’’ has failed to present a single job or infrastructure bill. At the same time, his slash-and-burn budget would cut investments in job growth and infrastructure, imposing a $2.4 billion cut on the U.S. Department of Transportation. Included in those cuts are drastic reductions of the Fed-eral support for Amtrak and the out-right elimination of the TIGER grant program. The President’s budget proposal also phases out the New Starts grant pro-gram, making critical infrastructure projects, including New Jersey and New York’s Gateway Program ineli-gible for Federal funding needed to move forward. As I speak, New Jersey rail com-muters are probably facing massive delays and disruptions to their already nightmarish commute. President Trump’s proposed cuts to vital Federal infrastructure programs will only make the problem worse. It has been an ugly 102 days for President Trump, and, unless he tackles jobs and infra-structure, as promised, it is going to get uglier. 
f 
HONORING MILITARY APPRECIATION MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on May 1 to recognize Silver Star Service Banner Day. Today is a day when we honor the service and sacrifice of our Active- Duty men and women from all branches of the service from all wars. Silver Star Service Banner Day started in 2007 and is sponsored by the Silver Star Families of America, which is dedicated to supporting and assisting wounded, ill, injured, and dying Active- Duty veterans and their families. May is also National Military Appre-ciation Month. All month long, we have the opportunity to honor, remem-ber, recognize, and appreciate those who serve and have served. Our mili-tary men and women continue to play a major role in the development of our country documented through a history of uncompromising honor, dedication to duty, and genuine love of country. Personally, I am a proud military dad, as my son Logan continues to serve in the United States Army and my daughter-in-law, Carley, is now a veteran. Mr. Speaker, we are the home of the free because of the brave, and I want to thank all who serve this great Nation. Mr. Speaker, only two individuals have ever offered to willingly die for you. One was Jesus Christ and the other was the American soldier. One died for your soul, the other died for your freedom. f 
THANK YOU TO CONGRESSWOMAN ROS-LEHTINEN (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, as the senior woman in the U.S. House, I wanted to say thank you to Congress-woman I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , the sen-ior Republican woman in the House, and to say with poignance I received her decision recently to retire from our beloved House. I
LEANA has been the first Cuban American elected to Congress, the first Latina elected to Congress, and the first Republican woman from Florida to be elected to Congress. She ably chaired the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs during her tenure, and there were many sessions when new Speakers were sworn in when she and I tabulated the results of that very important election. I can remember when her children were born. I can always say she han-dled her service with great distinction, with great honor, with great humor, and she made friends on both sides of the aisle. I am glad that she is staying through the remainder of this session, but I must say that this House will lose a spark of brilliance and of wit when she chooses to leave us. I will also say that it has been a particular joy to serve with her because no matter what the issue, no matter what the time of year, no matter what the hour of day, she always approached her position with great professionalism. I regret her leaving, but I know her service has made a difference. For women across America, since she first arrived in 1989, our numbers have quin-tupled. We now have over 100 women who serve in this House with distinc-tion, and she has helped blaze that path. Mr. Speaker, I reserve my oppor-tunity to say more about her in the days ahead. f 
b1930 ELECTRIC RELIABILITY AND FOREST PROTECTION (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, with all of the wildfires we have in the West each year in the summer and the fall, did you know that if a utility has a right-of-way through Federal forests, through the Forest Service, it can still take months for these utilities to re-ceive Forest Service approval to re-move trees from transmission line rights-of-way even if the trees are al-ready in contact with electric trans-mission lines? We have had blackouts for large por-tions of several States that have hap-pened from this; and the power lines, when they contact a tree, can start more wildfires even. Yet, still it takes months sometimes to get the Forest Service to approve the utilities to go out there and do a commonsense re-moval of these trees and other mate-rial. Well, we have a remedy that passed last week in the Natural Resources Committee. Working with my col-league, Representative K
URTSCHRADER  from Oregon, we passed H.R. 1873 through committee to streamline the red tape to have preapproval for utili-ties to be able to do the necessary and commonsense work through these al-ready existing transmission rights-of- way through our forests, preventing fire, preventing blackouts, and just good common sense. 
f 
GI INTERNSHIP PROGRAM (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to highlight H.R. 758, the GI Internship Program Act. I am a cosponsor of this important legislation with my colleague from Illinois, B
RAD S
CHNEIDER . If implemented, this bill would expand the use of the existing post-9/11 GI Bill benefits to include in-ternships as an option in place of a tra-ditional degree program. The GI Internship Program Act would allow veterans to gain practical skills and work experience to help ease 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.035 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2992 May 1, 2017 
their transition back into the civilian workforce. Under current law, the post- 9/11 GI Bill only allocates money to veterans for traditional postsecondary education in the classroom, but for many veterans this is a path not meant for them. For example, according to the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics, there were over 300,000 unfilled manufacturing jobs at the end of 2016. This gap could be filled by the veterans who use their post-9/11 GI benefits as a stipend to support them while receiving on-the- job training as high-skilled technical workers. Further, these jobs can be filled at no additional cost to the employer be-cause the cost would be covered by the preexisting GI Bill. This bill would allow businesses all over the U.S., both large and small, to meet their employ-ment needs and help our skilled vet-erans to enter the civilian workforce. As long as employers comply with the program and intend to hire the vet-erans after the internship is over, the veterans will continue to receive fund-ing. This bill is a win for American job growth and, most importantly, a win for our veterans. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense measure. 
f 
JOB FLEXIBILITY FOR WORKING FAMILIES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1180, the Working Families Flexibility Act. I would love to take credit for this idea. It is not my own. It is a bill that has been carried by other Members on several occasions. I have had the privi-lege to carry this bill the last few Con-gresses, and I am excited that we are going to debate this bill tomorrow and, God willing, have a vote on it. The Working Families Flexibility Act is a simple amendment to the Fair Labor Standards Act. The Fair Labor Standards Act has been the law of the land since 1938. In 1985, the Fair Labor Standards Act was amended to allow compensatory time. That is paid time off in lieu of cash wages for overtime for public sec-tor employees. But, oddly enough, pri-vate sector employees were left out of the equation. This bill, H.R. 1180, simply provides that the private sector can have access to compensatory time in lieu of cash wages for overtime. This doesn’t elimi-nate overtime, but, rather, gives flexi-bility in the workplace for hard-working Americans to make a decision about how to use their time. Every time an hourly wage employee works an hour of overtime, they would be eligible for an hour and a half of paid leave only if the employer first of-fers this as a benefit, but, most impor-tantly, that the employee elects volun-tarily to choose compensatory time over cash payments for overtime. Congress cannot legislate another hour in the day, but what we can do is provide flexibility for hardworking moms and dads all over this country that may want to use their accrued overtime to coach a soccer game, help with an aging parent, take their child to the pediatrician, or, quite frankly, accrue the time to go on a mission trip somewhere. But this is an opportunity for us to provide this benefit for em-ployees all over this country, like I said, hardworking men and women that just want flexibility. It is voluntary. It must be done through a written agreement between the employer and the employee. But, most importantly, outside of being vol-untary, the employee can opt out at any time. The employee can cash out, so to speak. There are cash-out provi-sions in this bill. So if the arrangement between the employer and the employee is not working out, meaning the employee can’t find the appropriate time to uti-lize the compensatory time, the em-ployee can say: Do you know what? I would rather have my cash payments for overtime. And within 30 days the employer must provide those cash payments that that employee has rightfully earned. I just think this is a great oppor-tunity for us to provide this benefit to so many folks out there who are just trying to balance their life and work, their children, their parents, and all of the things that come with that. As a working mom, I certainly can relate to all of the pushes and pulls that parents have on them in wanting to just pro-vide for their family. Again, at the end of the day, this time belongs to that in-dividual, therefore, he or she ought to be able to make a decision about how to use their time. I have several Members who are here tonight that are going to speak on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ). I thank her so much for her willingness to speak on this issue. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Alabama for yielding, my good friend, M
ARTHA  R
OBY, who has been such a leader on this issue. It has been my great privi-lege to be a sponsor of the Working Families Flexibility Act in the 113th Congress, in the 114th Congress, and now again in the 115th Congress. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017, which will remove a Federal re-striction on private sector employees who would like the option of comp time compensation in lieu of cash for their overtime work, the same as pub-lic sector employees. Mr. Speaker, we are talking about a voluntary choice made by employees for cash overtime or for comp time. The last thing our Federal Govern-ment should be doing is dictating how our small-business employees and en-trepreneur compensation operates. Mr. Speaker, in November, Missourians and many Americans spoke loud and clear: it is time to get government out of the pocketbooks and off of the backs of hardworking Americans. Americans are also desperate for job flexibility. I know I was also as a work-ing mom when I worked at Ralston Pu-rina in St. Louis, Missouri. They want to have a better balance of obligations of their day-to-day jobs while taking care of family and family matters. The Working Families Flexibility Act will help us do just that. For the past 30 years, public sector employees have enjoyed the benefit of choosing voluntary paid time off, or comp time, instead of cash wages as compensation for working overtime hours. Private sector workers, who make up an in-credibly large portion of our economy, should also reap this benefit. It is sim-ply common sense. Amending this overtime restriction through this legislation will help bring our workforce standards into the 21st century and allow our workers to do their jobs while still providing them with the voluntary flexibility to raise a family, pursue a college degree, care for aging parents, or tend to the day- to-day obligations that come their way. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the Working Families Flexi-bility Act, as it safeguards workers’ time and wages, and protects their use of the comp time they have earned. Most importantly, as we work each day to get our economy back on track, this legislation empowers the American worker with more options and flexi-bility that will ultimately lead to a better quality of life. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for taking the time to speak on this bill. I appreciate her will-ingness to speak on behalf of the Work-ing Families Flexibility Act. In doing so, she is speaking on behalf of so many hardworking American families. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure. And I must say, since we do have time, that her being a champion of this in the last three Congresses that I have had the pleasure of work-ing—and my constituents in Missouri’s Second District have sent me—it is wonderful to see a working mom like her, who is juggling all of those day-to- day needs, to stand up for private sec-tor workers who deserve the same kinds of options and flexibility that our public service has enjoyed for some 30 years. So I thank her for being a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.037 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2993 May 1, 2017 
champion in this way. She is a wonder-ful legislator and a wonderful mother, too. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, it is now my privilege to yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), our majority leader. During my time in Congress, I don’t know anyone who has been a stronger champion for finding ways to help families using conserv-ative, commonsense ideas. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, Congresswoman M
AR-
THAROBYis an amazing woman. She is a Congresswoman, she is an attorney, she is a wife, but, most importantly, she is a mother to two beautiful chil-dren. She has the same concerns and the same challenges that everybody else across this country has: Does she have enough time? Does she have the flexibility? Just going through her own life, lis-tening to her constituents, she came forth with this bill. She has worked hard to bring the Working Families Flexibility Act to this floor. She has done it before, and it passed in this House. One of the things I admire most about her is she does not give up. Be-cause it is not about her; it is about the rest of America, and it is also about fairness. In 1978, Congress granted this choice to government employees. Twenty-nine years later, it is past time we end the double standard and offer the same deals to workers in the private sector. You can work and work overtime, but then you have the choice if you want to take that in pay, or would you like to have comp time? Maybe there is a child sick, or maybe you have a family member that comes down with a disease, or another choice. You can go and spend time. You get to direct it. I think that is great policy. That is why government workers have it. But why can’t they have the same standards in the private sector? Do you know what would happen? Higher productivity. It would actu-ally move America’s economy. Why? Because the individual has choice. Instead of being concerned and wor-ried about something that is happening away that you need to be at, you put that time in. And instead of taking the money, you put it into flexibility. b1945 When we look at the future and think about the economy we want to have, yes, we want great employees; we want happy employees; we want employees with great productivity. But we don’t want that just to happen in govern-ment. We want the private sector to have the same fairness that govern-ment has. It is a great idea. But I will tell you, the work that Congresswoman M
ARTHA  R
OBYhas done has led this charge. It has passed this House before, and we are going to find time in a very busy week to have the flexibility to do this bill tomorrow because you know what? The rest of America is waiting for it. I want to congratulate Congress-woman ROBYfor her work on it, for not giving up, for listening to constituents across this country, but also for every working family in the private sector to let them have a choice to have the flexibility to be where they need to be after they put the overtime in. It is only fair, and, to me, it is the Amer-ican way to solve a problem. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the leader for bringing this bill to the floor and giving it the recognition and the time that it deserves. I appreciate the leader taking his time to be here and speak on behalf of the Working Fami-lies Flexibility Act. I would like to turn now to my friend and my colleague, also from Missouri (V
ICKY HARTZLER ). I just want to point out, though, as I move to her com-ments, we have to recognize that the workforce has changed. More than 70 percent of mothers today work outside of the home, and the gentlewoman here is certainly one of those who under-stands that as she has worked so hard and now Tiffany is about to graduate from high school. It seems like yester-day that we were bringing our babies to the floor together. But 70 percent of mothers today work outside of the home. Fifty years ago, that number was less than 30 percent. So the workforce has changed tremen-dously, but our policies have not kept up with that change. I yield to the gentlewoman from Mis-souri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ). Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, thank you very much. I appreciate the gentlewoman championing this issue, and we have brought our kids here and know the challenges of juggling work and family—and we are not alone. As you said, many, many families in this country are facing these same chal-lenges, and that is why I am so excited about your bill and so proud to sponsor it and stand with you tonight. The family is really the foundation of our country, and to have strong fami-lies, we need to be able to make ways to encourage them to be together, espe-cially for those special, special events. I know there are many, many moms and dads out there working today who would love to be able to have the flexi-bility of the workplace where they can take off and spend some time with their kids at the soccer game, or when they get that phone call from the school that their child is sick, please come pick them up, to be able to have that flexibility to do that and to take them to the doctor or to stay home with them if they are sick. Then, as families age, many families need to be with their parent or need to go to the doctor with them. These are just commonsense things to allow that flexibility where you could work some overtime and choose, instead of having the extra money, you could choose to be able to use that to spend time with your family, those people that mean the most to you. That is just precious. It is priceless to be able to do that. And it is really sad now that, in our country, only half of the American workers have this op-tion, and they are workers who work for the government. But yet, if you work for that small business in town or that manufacturer making a product and shipping it overseas, proud, made in U.S.A., sorry. Our government right now says, the Fair Labor Standards Act says, you don’t get that option, but if you work for the Federal Govern-ment then you would, and that is just not fair. So I applaud you for drafting this bill so that every American family would have the option to be able to spend time with those people that mean the most to them. It is just common sense. The time has well passed for us to pass this. I just commend you for putting this forth again. I am very excited about this bill, proud to stand alongside you and look forward to what I believe should be—should be—a unanimous vote tomorrow because this is such a great bill. So thank you so much for allowing me to come down and to share my sup-port, and the people of the Fourth Dis-trict of Missouri would just love to have this. Keep up the great work. We will look forward to bringing this across the finish line. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the gentlewoman and all of her comments and her support as a work-ing mom who understands all of the pushes and pulls that so many Amer-ican families face. I want to spend a little bit of time, while I have the opportunity, to talk about some of the myths about the Working Families Flexibility Act. There is so much misinformation, false information that is out there about this bill. Trust me, we are on social media re-sponding to the information that is being put out there that is incorrect because we want to make sure people understand. This bill is not intended to hurt people. It is intended to help peo-ple and offer a much-needed benefit to provide people flexibility in the work-force. The first myth I want to address is that this will result in employees working longer hours for less pay. The fact is that the Working Families Flexibility Act safeguards workers’ time and wages. Receiving paid time off or compensatory time for working overtime hours under this bill is com-pletely voluntary. An employee who prefers to receive cash payments for overtime hours worked is always free to do so. Employers and employees are re-quired to complete a written comp time agreement, a voluntary written agreement, and an employee can with-draw from this agreement at any time and receive cash wages for accrued comp time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.038 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2994 May 1, 2017 
Comp time is accrued at the same rate as overtime cash wages, so em-ployees who work more than the 40- hour week will accrue paid time off at a rate time and a half for the overtime hours worked. Workers can cash out— meaning, say ‘‘I want the money in-stead of the time’’—whenever they choose, and employers are required to provide those cash wages that that em-ployee has accrued within 30 days of re-ceiving that employee’s request. Another myth is that the Working Families Flexibility Act will allow em-ployers to control when workers use their comp time. The fact is that the Working Families Flexibility Act pro-tects employees’ use of the compen-satory time that they have earned. The Working Families Flexibility Act al-lows workers to use their comp time whenever they choose as long as they provide reasonable notice and the leave is not overly disruptive. The unduly disrupt provision in-cluded in H.R. 1180, the Working Fami-lies Flexibility Act, is the same stand-ard used today for public employees who are using this benefit to receive comp time, and this has worked for over 30 years. As my colleagues have already stated, this is a matter of fair-ness. If it is good enough for govern-ment employees, it should be good enough for private sector employees as well. All existing labor enforcement rem-edies, including action by the Depart-ment of Labor, are available if a work-er believes he or she has been unfairly treated. I can’t put enough emphasis on this, that the anticoercion, the anti- intimidation provisions that are cur-rently a part of the law, of course, apply to the Working Families Flexi-bility Act. And it even promotes great-er workplace flexibility while pro-tecting the needs of the employer, but the employee is very protected from that type of behavior and coercion by the employer. I have some other myths and facts that I am going to go over, but I see that the chairwoman of the Education and the Workforce Committee has joined us. I really appreciate the gen-tlewoman, the chairwoman, and all the work that she has done to support the working Families Flexibility Act. I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX). Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Con-gresswoman R
OBYfor leading this Spe-cial Order, but a special thanks to you for introducing H.R. 1180, the Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017. Every-one in the private sector, men and women, are grateful to you for doing this. I may repeat some of the things that some of my colleagues have already said, but, Mr. Speaker, they bear re-peating. This proposal, this bill, is about free-dom, flexibility, and fairness. Workers, not the Federal Government, should have the freedom to choose what is best for them and their families. Hard-working men and women need more flexibility to balance work, life, and family, and there should be fair work-force policies that don’t put private sector employees at a disadvantage to those in the public sector. Across the country, there are moms and dads who wish they had more flexi-bility to make their child’s baseball game or dance recital, students who can’t find enough time to study for col-lege finals while working full time, and individuals who are struggling to care for an aging relative. There are many workers who want flexible work ar-rangements instead of rigid 9 to 5 schedules so they can attend to their personal needs. This bill will improve the quality of life of many Americans by offering workers eligible for overtime pay a choice between paid time off and cash wages. Outdated Federal labor rules currently prohibit private sector work-ers from exercising this choice. More than 30 years ago, Republicans and Democrats amended the law to give public sector workers the option of comp time. This was a positive step, but it created double standards. It is time to ease this double standard by leveling the playing field between pri-vate sector employees and government workers when it comes to workplace flexibility. That is exactly what this bill does. It is a commonsense idea that should receive the support of workers on both sides of the aisle. As my colleague from Alabama said, the decision to choose comp time is completely voluntary and requires a written agreement between the worker and employer. Those who want to con-tinue receiving cash wages as overtime pay are always free to do so. It also ex-plicitly prohibits employers from co-ercing workers into electing comp time. Mr. Speaker, this bill is, again, about fairness, and it is so difficult for me to understand how Democrats would be opposed to that. We should have the same rules in the private sector as we do in the public sector. I think that Democrats have run out of excuses not to provide workers this choice. All we are doing here is giving a choice. No one, Republican nor Democrat, should think they know what is best for individual workers and their fami-lies. Mr. Speaker, when we vote on this bill this week, I hope all of our col-leagues will come to their senses and see that they are discriminating against the private sector by denying them the opportunity to take their overtime as comp time and that they will vote with us. Again, I thank my colleague from Alabama for her leadership on this Spe-cial Order, but particularly her willing-ness to introduce this bill and take the lead in promoting it. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman, and again, I appreciate her leadership for moving this bill through committee and for getting it ready through the Rules Committee so that we can be here on the floor tomor-row. Again, I appreciate her leadership on this and many, many other issues that she does on a daily basis to fight for Americans, in this case, Americans that are subject to the provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act that would benefit from this amendment in the private sector. b2000 I want to go back. I have two more myths that I would like to address. Here is the myth: the Working Fami-lies Flexibility Act will allow employ-ers to force workers to take comp time instead of cash payments for overtime. The fact is that the Working Fami-lies Flexibility Act prohibits worker coercion. The decision to use compen-satory time is completely voluntary. An employee who prefers to receive cash payments for overtime hours worked is always free to do that. It ex-plicitly prohibits an employer from di-rectly or indirectly intimidating, threatening, or coercing; or attempting to intimidate, threaten, or coerce an employee into taking or not taking compensatory time. An employer who violates these anticoercion provisions will be liable to the affected employee for double damages which includes both the amount of the comp time and an equal amount in cash wages. In addition to new provisions prohib-iting coercion, H.R. 1180 ensures all ex-isting enforcement remedies, including action by the Department of Labor, and are available to workers if an em-ployer fails to pay cash wages for the overtime hours worked. Myth: this bill is unnecessary be-cause current law already allows for workplace flexibility. The fact is that the Working Families Flexibility Act empowers workers with more options. Under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, private sector employees may only use paid time off during the same paid period in which it is accrued. Paid time off cannot be saved by the em-ployee for future use outside of that pay period. The law currently allows public sec-tor employees to accrue comp time to be used at their discretion so long as reasonable notice is given and the leave does not unduly disrupt the workplace. My amendment to the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Working Families Flexibility Act, H.R. 1180, provides pri-vate sector employees with comp time benefits similar to what is already available in the public sector. Here is how it works: an hourly wage employee would be able to voluntarily enter into an agreement with their em-ployer to put all of some of their ac-crued overtime towards paid time off instead of cash wages. A working dad could use the time-and-a-half overtime he has earned to take a paid hour and a half off of work. No employee, again, could ever be forced to take the paid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.041 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2995 May 1, 2017 
time off, just like no business would be forced to offer this benefit. Upon introducing this bill 4 years ago, I heard from a very special lady named Karen DeLoach. She worked as a bookkeeper in an accounting firm of my hometown, Montgomery, Alabama. Like most in her line of work, Karen would put in many hours during the busy season and build up a lot of over-time. Karen once approached her boss and said: Well, can I accrue my over-time to use as paid leave rather than taking the cash payments? Because, see, Karen gave her time to serve on a mission trip in Nicaragua every sum-mer, and she wanted to do so and go on her church’s mission trip without in-terrupting her regular paycheck. Montgomery, Alabama, is the State capital, and Karen had heard her State employee friends talk about how they swapped their overtime pay for comp time in their jobs. She never imagined that a similar arrangement at the pri-vate business at which she worked would be against the law, but that is what her boss informed her. He wanted to give it to her, but he couldn’t under the law. To his credit, he wanted to offer it to her, but he wasn’t about to break the law. Karen’s story isn’t unique. As I have already referenced, just think of all the parents in this country with young kids or caring for elderly parents or a military family with one or both of the parents deployed or about to deploy. They need time to get ready to take care of their responsibilities. So the Working Families Flexibility Act is not going to end or solve the debt crisis or fix ObamaCare or sim-plify the Tax Code. I am proud of our ongoing efforts here in Congress to re-peal and replace ObamaCare, to put forth a tax policy that is fair, flatter, and simpler, and to continue to cut out wasteful spending. This bill doesn’t solve those problems. But the fact that we can’t solve those problems overnight shouldn’t stop us here in the House of Representatives from doing what we can do right now to help make life a little easier for working moms and dads. That is what the Working Families Flexibility Act does, helping Americans better balance the demands of family and work. I want to thank all those Members who have come here to the floor to-night to speak on this bill. As a work-ing mom myself, I certainly under-stand all too well how challenging it can be to balance our responsibilities. Again, I have sponsored this bill this Congress, of course, and the past two before that. I have heard criticism from labor unions and their allies say-ing that this bill is somehow antiunion or antiworker. This is just simply un-true. Of course, many in Big Labor will re-flexively attack any proposal that would change a single word of the Fair Labor Standards Act. Ironically here, labor unions, see, they oppose this, but they themselves can and often do nego-tiate similar agreements for their members already. That seems a bit unfair. So it is okay for those who are members of unions to negotiate similar compensatory time arrangements, it is okay for those who work in the public sector under the law to utilize compensatory time, but it is just not good enough for the hourly wage employee in the private sector. That is more than unfair. The legislation is completely vol-untary for both the employer and the employee. It does not affect the 40-hour workweek or change the way overtime is calculated. It strengthens provisions for workers and increases penalties for abuse. It contains strong anticoercion provisions that would prohibit an em-ployer from directly or indirectly try-ing to intimidate or coerce workers into taking comp time. Workers have the option under the Working Families Flexibility Act to cash out at any time. If for some rea-son this agreement, this voluntary agreement, just isn’t working out, an employee can always take the cash, no questions asked. And, finally, for workers represented by a labor union, any comp time ar-rangement would have to be negotiated under this bill as part of the collective bargaining agreement, just as they al-ready do. Mr. Speaker, as I finish tonight, I just want to say again, as a mom, a working mom, a family where both parents work outside of the home, I certainly understand for some of us the time, our time, the time that has been accrued by an hourly wage employee, is more important than the cash wages. That may not be true for everybody. That remains in that the employee can determine what he or she wants to do with their time. Again, I am grateful for the many people who have worked so hard on this bill over the years. I am grateful for the opportunity to represent Ala-bama’s Second District and to rep-resent so many hardworking American families here tonight in this hour. I look forward to the debate tomor-row here on the floor on this bill. I would urge all of my colleagues to please vote in favor of H.R. 1180, the Working Families Flexibility Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
CELEBRATING NATIONAL CHAR-TER SCHOOLS WEEK AND SUC-CESS ACADEMY (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, as we cele-brate National Charter Schools Week, I want to highlight my recent visit to Success Academy Harlem 1, which is 1 of 41 charter schools in the largest and highest performing public charter school network in New York City. Success Academy current serves 14,000 students and has more than 16,000 families on its wait list. Founded in 2006, Harlem 1 is Success Academy’s first school, and founder Eva Moskowitz served as its first principal. With a focus on developing the whole child, Success Academy aims to make its schools joyful places of learning. I am here to tell you that these schools are getting results, and they are joyful. Five of the top five schools in the State of New York in math and two of the top five schools in English are Suc-cess Academy schools. Every student in every school de-serves an excellent education, but un-fortunately we are falling far short of that goal as a nation. Thankfully, in-novative charter schools like Success Academy Harlem 1 are providing thou-sands of families with new hope and op-portunity. f 
THE FIRST 100 DAYS OF THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY AND ITS IMPACT ON MINORITY COMMU-NITIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) is recog-nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to coanchor this CBC Special Order hour with my esteemed colleague from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ). For the next 60 minutes, we have a chance to speak di-rectly to the American people on issues of great importance to the Congres-sional Black Caucus, Congress, the con-stituents we represent, and all Ameri-cans. This evening, the chair of the Con-gressional Black Caucus, the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICH-
MOND ), my friend and colleague, I first thank him for his continued leadership of the caucus and on issues impacting Black America and other minority communities across this great Nation. I would also like to thank the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ), my colleague, for joining me in chairing this evening’s Special Order hour, and my other CBC colleagues who are join-ing us to speak on important issues. Mr. Speaker, we are here tonight to address the first 100 days of the Trump Presidency and its impact on minority communities like the district I rep-resent and those of my fellow CBC col-leagues. Specifically, we will highlight 100 actions taken by this administra-tion in the last 100 days with less than positive impact to the communities we represent. The President hails his first 100 days as the most successful in the history of the United States. These actions, how-ever, do not spell success for low in-come and minority communities. Ac-tions that, in turn, roll back Depart-ment of Justice protections designed to ensure police accountability; actions that threaten to further restrict voting rights and undermine the public edu-cation system; actions that threaten 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.042 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2996 May 1, 2017 
access to quality affordable health care for millions of Americans, including children, seniors, and those with pre-existing medical conditions; actions that propose gutting programs, HUD, and others that provide housing assist-ance for extremely low-income families and the homeless; mean-spirited ac-tions that break up families and make immigrant communities less safe; and actions that roll back important envi-ronmental protections which serve to, among other things, ensure safe air and drinking waters in communities like Flint, Michigan, and mitigating the ef-fects of climate change in vulnerable coastal communities like my home dis-trict of the United States Virgin Is-lands. Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Black Caucus has reached out to President Trump and is willing to work with his administration to continue to build upon the greatness of this country— and not just for the privileged few but for all. As representatives of a congressional district that is home to the only HBCU outside the continental United States, I take exception to the administra-tion’s Education Secretary viewing HBCUs as pioneers for school choice, even though these institutions were founded because White colleges and universities refused to admit Black students. This statement illustrates a lack of understanding of the history of the Af-rican Americans and the Black com-munity. President Trump’s proposed budget for the Department of Edu-cation plans to eliminate afterschool and teacher-support programs, as well as slashing funding for Federal supple-mental education opportunity grants, Pell grants, and instead divert Federal funds to private school vouchers. This plan would be devastating to commu-nities like my home district where al-most one-third of the children live below the poverty line and where pub-lic schools are already struggling to make the best with limited funds and resources. b2015 President Trump’s budget proposal would also cut the Department of Health and Human Services’ budget by $12.6 billion, a 16 percent cut. In my home district of the United States Vir-gin Islands, HHS funds critical early childhood education; and nutrition pro-grams provide assistance to seniors, low-income families, and funding for mental health programs. Mr. Speaker, these and other actions that my colleagues will speak about are not to criticize the President, but more to highlight the importance of funding of these programs and, more importantly, highlighting how impor-tant these programs and government functions are to American families and to the safety and progress of our com-munities. America, stay woke. There are still more than 1,300 days to go. I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ). Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin Is-lands for all of her hard work on this Special Order hour. I enjoy co-anchoring with the gentlewoman be-cause of her commitment and wanting to get out these important messages. I think the message we want to talk about today is the first 100 days. I don’t know about you all, but I am dis-appointed in these first 100 days. There were a lot of things that we were told were going to happen, and many of those things just hadn’t hap-pened. There has been a lot of flip-flop-ping. I know that you have seen that. We saw it on Syria. We saw it on NATO. We saw it on many other things that there was a whole lot of talk that happened in 2016, but there ain’t a whole lot of walking that has happened in 2017 as far as follow-up is concerned. That is the sort of thing that all Amer-icans should be worried about in these first 100 days that ended on Saturday. Many of us hoped that the rhetoric, that the foolishness, the tweeting, that those types of things would stop. That hasn’t stopped. A lot of us actually hoped that—hey, if you want to talk about bringing some jobs back to somebody, I am for bringing jobs back. I am more com-mitted to jobs and having jobs here in this country, and he hasn’t done any-thing when it comes to jobs. There has been absolutely no follow- up whatsoever when it comes to help-ing the American man and woman re-open factories, when it comes to help-ing the American man and woman help pay for their child care. When it comes to things like Davis-Bacon and putting more money on the table at the end of the night and in the bank accounts, ab-solutely nothing has been done, and that is what we should be concerned about. The President promised on the cam-paign trail that he was going to help these hardworking Americans that I talked about earlier. One of the things that he talked about was the Buy American, Hire American. Ain’t noth-ing happening on that. We know that not only did Trump fail to deliver on these promises, but that he has actu-ally worked against the best interests of American workers. He has also gone on to contradict himself on his commitment to job training. Instead of investing in job training and these crucial programs, the Trump administration has pro-posed $2.5 billion in cuts for the De-partment of Labor. We have, by many estimates, about a half a million or more jobs in this country that are high-skilled manufacturing jobs that we can’t fill. These are jobs that could fill factories back up in the Rust Belt. These are jobs that could fill factories back up in Texas. These are jobs that could be filled up in other parts of the country. You want to cut back on job training when we need to be training people for these new jobs? These are new manu-facturing jobs that deal with robots, deal with programmers and different areas like that where the young people don’t necessarily have the skills that they need to be competitive. You hear about these companies that have come to America, they locate here—foreign car manufacturers, for instance—and they have to work with the local community colleges to get the kids on par to work these new man-ufacturing jobs. Now is not the time to cut back on job training. So that is what bothers me in these first 100 days. The administration has rolled back worker protections that keep Ameri-cans safe while on the job. Last month, President Trump changed the law so that employers now only have 6 months to report workplace injuries and illnesses instead of the previously required 5-year reporting window. Scal-ing back the requirement does not allow the Department of Labor to get a full picture of a given workplace. It makes it more difficult to spot a trend of endangering employees. Trump also gutted another worker protection that would have made it harder for companies to secure Federal contracts if they have a history of labor law violations. That protection is now gone. It is gone. It has dis-appeared. Above all else, President Trump has still not put forward a single, concrete, job-creating bill like he pledged. He be-trayed his promise to make rebuilding America’s infrastructure a top priority of this administration. He has failed to mention a word about protecting the Davis-Bacon Act which, as you know, would ensure that workers are paid fairly should an infrastructure bill come together. Again, when you are talking about money, I mean that is a very serious topic. Money decides whether or not you can pay your bills, whether or not you can put food on the table, whether or not you can buy your kids clothes, whether or not you can make the car payment. The Davis-Bacon Act is a basic fun-damental. If you cannot protect that, those prevailing wages that give people the opportunity to earn a good income, again, then you are just talking and you ain’t walking. That is what I am worried about in these first 100 days. You are going to hear a lot from the Congressional Black Caucus tonight about how the President has failed to deliver on so many of his campaign promises, how he is trying to take away health care from 24 million Americans. High-risk pools are abso-lutely terrible. One of the things the Obama admin-istration did was it gave people who have preexisting conditions the chance to have affordable healthcare insur-ance. Thinking about taking insurance away from 24 million people, thinking about taking those protections from individual families that have those pre-existing conditions, I think, is abso-lutely terrible. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.044 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2997 May 1, 2017 
There are just so many policies that actually directly affect the American family. Remember, the very first day— and there have been so many bad things that have happened in these 100 days that we don’t even have enough time to cover all of them tonight, but you probably remember the very first day, the first-time home-buyer pro-gram was suspended. There is nothing that exemplifies what it means to be American as it means to own a home. That is the first day, the first action, the most antiworker, most antifamily action that anyone could take—got rid of the first-time home-buyer program. He got rid of the first-time home-buyer pro-gram that helped individuals have a piece of the American Dream: home-ownership. We have seen the statistics about what homeownership means to the American family, what that means for the stability of American families, kids being able to have that backyard to play in, being able to go to that neigh-borhood school, to have that home to call your own to raise your family. It is so much more than just a home. It is really the foundation of who we are as Americans. Getting rid of the first-time home- buyer program, that is not doing any-thing to help American families. That is not doing anything to help American workers. I am glad that we have so many great voices here tonight within the CBC that are going to talk about these first 100 days and about the failings of these first 100 days and about how the people that were there, the people that thought that there were going to be some real changes, how they have been misled. They have been misled. They have been taken down this road, and it is not a road of prosperity. It is a road of less prosperity. It is a road of dismay, despair, less money, more expensive insurance, no insur-ance, and it is going to hurt the Amer-ican worker and the American family. So I just really appreciate everything that the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) is doing today and hope that we can continue to get the media and the newspapers and the cable TV news people out here to really focus in and hone in on some of these problems that we are seeing coming out of the White House at 1600 Pennsyl-vania. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I think the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) is correct about staying fo-cused and, in the lexicon of the young people, to stay woke about what is hap-pening. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) gave some great examples about some of the things that happened in this first 100 days that should make us aware how this is, in some ways, an assault on distressed communities, on minority communities. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) spoke to some of them. One of the things I wanted to high-light is a booklet that the Congres-sional Black Caucus has put out about 100 actions that have taken place in these 100 days: President Trump’s proposed budget would eliminate the Economic Devel-opment Administration at the Depart-ment of Commerce. In 2015, EDA in-vested 38 percent of its funds in highly distressed areas, including commu-nities with high minority populations, such as the gentleman from Texas’ and mine. President Trump’s proposed budget would eliminate the Community Devel-opment Financial Institutions Fund. People ask, What is that? This is an or-ganization which channels investments into communities in need of capital for housing, small businesses, and commu-nity facilities. That is its sole function. President Trump said that the pri-vate sector already did a good job mak-ing investments in these communities, which demonstrates how out of touch and ill-informed he and his administra-tion are. His administration needs to tell him and give him the facts about what is going on in minority and un-derdeveloped communities. As we will hear from our colleagues, there are areas in which environmental protection and climate change, social justice for environmental justice needs to take place. President Trump’s pro-posed budget would cut environmental protection agencies, environmental justice programs that work to ensure the fair treatment and meaningful in-volvement of all people regardless of race, color, and national origin or in-come with the respect to the develop-ment, implementation, and enforce-ment of environmental laws, regula-tions, and policies. It would simply cut it out of place. The proposed budget would cut the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration’s coastal programs, which would affect populations, including mi-norities living along the Gulf Coast and other coastal areas. At this time, we have other members of the Congressional Black Caucus that are here to talk about environmental justice. This freshman Member has really stepped in and just taken a hold of ac-tions and demonstrating a love for his constituents in coming here this evening and wanting to address envi-ronmental justice areas. I yield to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. MCEACHIN ). Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, every Monday, Representatives P
LASKETT  and V
EASEY lead our Caucus’ discussion on issues of great importance to the American people, and I am glad to be joining them this evening to discuss a critical priority that is often over-looked: environmental justice. Our country is built upon ideals like liberty, justice, equal protection for all Americans, yet we still fall short on those goals in important ways. While I believe we are making progress, this is a critical moment. Over the last 100 days, we have seen how eager the new administration is to undo our recent achievements, from se-lecting EPA Administrator Scott Pru-itt, a man who does not believe in cli-mate change, to overturning critical antipollution protections. The Trump administration has shown a dangerous contempt for proven science. The administration has even favorably discussed pulling the United States from a global climate change prevention pact, a move that could have disastrous, unknowable con-sequences for every generation to come. Mr. Speaker, the list goes on and on and on; but at this point, Mr. Speaker, before I continue, I want to bring for-ward my good friend—he has got a fab-ulous first name like I do—Congress-man DONALD PAYNE , Jr. He is from the 10th Congressional District of New Jer-sey. He is a fierce advocate for environ-mental justice in his hometown of Newark. I thank the Congressman. His voice and advocacy will help us move toward sounder policies and more just outcomes, and I look forward to work-ing with the gentleman. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ). Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the gentleman from the Commonwealth of Virginia (Mr. M
CEACHIN ). It is the birthplace of my mother: Dinwiddie County, Virginia. My grandfather was a small-time to-bacco farmer, and I learned to cut to-bacco at 8 years old. I am from Newark, New Jersey, the Garden State. We didn’t raise much to-bacco there in the Garden State, but my friends used think I was going on vacation when I would leave. I said I wasn’t going on vacation; I was going to work. That is what we did for the summer. It was a great experience, and I always have great, great memories of the Commonwealth of Virginia. b2030 Mr. Speaker, last month, as part of a partnership with the National News-paper Publishers Association, I wrote an op-ed on environmental justice issues. I will repeat what I wrote then, which is that environmental justice should be a national priority, not a problem confined to minority commu-nities. African-American communities are disproportionately burdened with pol-lutants. Across the Nation, commu-nities of color suffer from higher rates of exposure to air pollution, higher rates of lead poisoning, and higher rates of water pollution. Every single day, children in my home city of Newark, New Jersey, are exposed to harmful levels of pollution from the port and other sources that rob them of their health, just because of where they live. One in four Newark children has asthma. The hospitalization rate for Newark children is 30 times the rate of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.046 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2998 May 1, 2017 
the national average. Asthma is the leading cause of absenteeism in school- age children in the city of Newark, New Jersey. Yet, too often, environmental justice is an afterthought, or often it is miss-ing entirely in the discussion of the challenges facing African Americans. The Trump administration threatens to make the problem even worse. Presi-dent Trump has prioritized rolling back environmental regulations, from emissions rules for power plants to the mandate that Federal decisionmaking must be taken into consideration on climate change impacts. President Trump proposed slashing the EPA’s budget by 31 percent, cut-ting enforcement of the Agency’s clean air laws by $129 million. With threats of excessive cuts to the EPA, air quality across the Nation may even be worse than expected. In the American Lung Association’s ‘‘State of the Air’’ report, my district and many other metropolitan areas ranked as having the most polluted air in the country. However, only one- third of counties have ozone or particu-late pollution air monitors. We must fight to ensure that funding for air monitors are for all our communities. So what can we do to protect our communities from environmental deg-radation? The Newark City Council has been a leader in that area and has passed a first-in-the-nation ordinance requiring developers to request environmental permits to inform the city of any envi-ronmental impacts. As a result, deci-sionmakers and the public will be able to make informed decisions about sus-tainable development. Other munici-palities would be smart to follow New-ark’s lead. Last November, I joined Amy Gold-smith and Kim Gaddy of the Clean Water Action and the Coalition for Healthy Ports for an environmental justice tour of the Port of New York and New Jersey. We were also joined by Congressman F
RANK PALLONE from New Jersey. Organizations like theirs are doing excellent work in the fight against health-threatening pollution. Expanding partnerships on the environ-mental justice initiatives must be a central part of our strategy to secure environmental protections. To those listening at home: I encour-age you to make it clear to your elect-ed officials that you will hold them ac-countable for any efforts to dismantle environmental protections and any failures to fight for environmental jus-tice. And to my colleague from Virginia, it is really noteworthy that you have taken the lead on this issue. As I stat-ed in my presentation, Newark, New Jersey, is 30 times greater propensity for asthma in children than the na-tional average. I mean, that is almost criminal. And we as a home, myself, not just have heard about it, but have lived it. My middle son—I am the father of tri-plets. My middle son has grown up with asthma; the days we had to keep him inside. He has been fortunate to have not—knock on wood—have many in-stances throughout his childhood of asthma attacks, but the one that I did see really brought me to tears. To know that there are numbers of children throughout this country who don’t have the opportunity to go to the doctor, who rush to the hospital with asthma attacks, and who, God forbid, sometimes don’t make it to the doctor is just—to think that that could be my boy brings tears to my heart. So I am willing to make this fight not for just my son, but for the hun-dreds of thousands of children through-out this country who suffer from this disease, and make sure that the EPA stays intact to fight these dreaded dis-eases, especially in minority commu-nities, in our young people, and throughout the country. I will close with the drinking water issue in Flint. The Congressional Black Caucus went out to Flint when the issue first came up. Ms. PELOSI was there as well, and we talked to the peo-ple of Flint and heard firsthand their heartbreak and not being able to think they could trust anyone. Their govern-ment had let them down, had lied to them, had given them poison to drink and said it is okay. It looked like rusty water, but they told them that it was fine to use it for baths or whatever. So I am sitting there on that stage listening to all this and I am thinking in the back of my head: I am from New-ark, New Jersey, the third oldest city in this country’s history. So Flint, Michigan, can’t be that old because Lewis and Clark went West. So the third oldest city, what were my pipes like? What was the condition of my water system? And I went back and I saw several mayors from my district, and I said: I suggest you start looking at your water systems. And that was on a Friday. That Tues-day we got a report from the Newark school system. They found lead in the drinking water in 44 schools in Newark that next—not even a week. So we know how important these issues are, and we will continue to fight for what is right in our commu-nities. I appreciate the opportunity and your leadership on this issue. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E
VANS ), from the great city of Philadelphia. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my great colleague from the Virgin Islands for the great introduction. I really ap-preciate her leadership, and my col-league from Texas’ leadership. This discussion that we have been having is relating to the President’s 100 days. And I think it is 102 at this par-ticular point. The question that I and members of the Congressional Black Caucus have constantly been raising is: What do we have to lose with President Trump’s cuts to the EPA? As I always said: What don’t we have to lose? We have a lot to lose. In the time that I met with the orga-nization in my community—a number of organizations—called Mothers for Clean Air, they were extremely con-cerned about the cuts to the EPA. The President’s budget cuts $2.6 billion from the EPA budget. They were con-cerned about the impact that that would have. As a matter of fact, I talked to a mother who talked about her twins and what kind of effect that would have. The President wants to cut programs like Pollution Prevention Programs, Lead Risk Reduction Programs—which has been a problem in the case of the city of Philadelphia, a problem that we thought we dealt with, but with a cut on the lead reduction program, that would just reinforce the program—the Water Quality Research Programs, and the Environmental Education Pro-grams. Who do you want to help when you cut 31 percent of the EPA budget? No one. The cuts would be horren-dous and have a dangerous negative impact on not only our communities of color, but everyone nationwide. Two weeks ago I sent a letter to EPA Administrator Pruitt outlining how the plan to cut fundamental EPA pro-grams would have a negative impact on our children and most vulnerable in Philadelphia, all across the State and the Nation. Last week marks 3 weeks—3 years, I should say, since the city of Flint, Michigan, decided to switch their water supply from the Detroit area water system to the Flint River water system, which resulted in lead con-tamination within the city. It is 3 years later and, sadly, not much has changed for the communities in Flint. Three days is too long to go without clean drinking water. Three years is simply heartbreaking. Mr. President, we have seen how var-ious communities across the U.S. are at greater risk of health problems due to overexposure to unsafe drinking water. Now is no time to cut funding for Americans in need. As Questlove says: ‘‘Without science, we are truly operating blindly.’’ The cuts to the EPA would have an increasingly harmful impact, espe-cially for communities of color and hardworking families who do not have the means nor the resources to fight back against their local governments about the safety of the water they drink or question old paint in their house. According to the State Department of Health, in 2014, more than 10 percent of the children from Philadelphia had elevated levels of lead in their blood because they were exposed to lead- based paint. Exposure to lead-based paint is a chronic problem that goes undiscussed too often. No level is safe for our children to be exposed to, just as no level of lead is safe for our children to drink. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.048 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2999 May 1, 2017 
Yet, the President says rather boldly that things are moving in the right di-rection. I would like to know what community he is talking about. He clearly couldn’t be talking about the community that I am from. Now, more than ever, we need to keep the resistance alive, speak up and speak out for our communities at risk. I will not stand silent while the vital EPA programs that protect and en-hance the lives of all Americans are at risk of being cut. Together, we are the voice of the people, so there is no way we will be silent. We will continue this message. Ms. PLASKETT. I thank the gen-tleman, Congressman E
VANS , for keep-ing us focused and giving us the infor-mation we need to understand what real communities are going through and the environmental justice that we need to be fighting for in this adminis-tration. I appreciate that so much. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. M
CEACHIN ), who has been the person who was at the fore-front of this evening, bringing issues of environmental justice to our minds and exposing and explaining to the Amer-ican people the assault on environ-mental justice that is taking place right now, and appealing to President Trump to be mindful of those commu-nities who are going to be affected by the cuts and by other interest groups that are going after the basic needs that Americans have to stay healthy and stay alive. b2045 Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congresswoman. As has been demonstrated tonight, on nearly every facet of environmental policy, we are in danger of backsliding irreparably. I want to talk about an area where that danger is especially great and where stakes are especially high. Today, and for much of our his-tory, certain communities have been the victims of profound environmental injustice. Lower income, rural, tribal, and especially minority communities are at an increased risk of exposure to the negative impacts of pollution and climate change. For far too long, communities of color have been on the front lines of environmental and economic injustice, shouldering the health burdens of liv-ing in areas with higher rates of dan-gerous fossil fuel pollution and lower rates of income and employment. Mr. Speaker, an African-American child born in the United States has twice the chance of developing asthma than a White child and is four times more likely to die from an asthma at-tack. This is not a coincidental sta-tistic ginned up for shock and awe but the day-to-day reality that African- American families across the United States have been dealing with for dec-ades. Rooted in America’s legacy of seg-regation and redlining communities of color while simultaneously restricting their government services, employ-ment opportunities, and environmental protections, African-American families have historically borne the brunt of the worst health impacts of polluting industries and have received dwindling economic opportunities due to sys-temic racism. This is why we see coal plants, oil refineries, and natural gas plants, which spew some of the most toxic substances around into the air and contaminate water supplies, are frequently located in communities of color—communities that have little political or economic power to protect themselves. These disparities, Mr. Speaker, are unacceptable, and they did not arise in a vacuum. In many cases, they have been the avoidable results of govern-ment action or inaction. For example, according to the FY 2015 Annual Envi-ronmental Justice Progress Report, ‘‘Many low-income, minority, and trib-al communities are disproportionately impacted by air pollution and are not able to participate in environmental decisions due to barriers preventing them from meaningfully engaging in the political process.’’ These voices deserve to be heard. Their silence—particularly their en-forced silence—is unacceptable, and it is incompatible with our, small D, democratic values. The practical con-sequences of that silence are dire: poor-er public health, diminished economic opportunity, and decreased quality of life. To address these grave human and civil rights issues, the environmental justice movement was born—a move-ment grounded in the belief that all citizens, regardless of race, ethnicity, or socioeconomic class, should share fairly in the benefits of environmental resources and the burdens of environ-mental hazards. As policymakers, Mr. Speaker, we have a responsibility to embrace that vision—to correct and prevent environ-mental injustice. We can and we must do better. It is not enough to avoid re-peating past mistakes. True equity re-quires a recognition that some commu-nities have been hurt much more and, as a result, need more resources and targeted assistance. If we succeed—if we achieve equitable policies that pro-mote environmental justice—our world will become a more fair, more liveable, and more sustainable place. But if we fail, public health will suffer. People will lead shorter and harder lives. None of us should be willing to accept that outcome. Mr. Speaker, I think it is worth not-ing that the environmental justice movement began in 1982, when North Carolina established a toxic waste landfill in Warren County—a poor, rural, majority African-American lo-cality—over the objections of the resi-dents. In the more than 20 years since, many environmental justice organiza-tions have formed. During the Clinton administration, the pursuit of environ-mental justice became a Federal pri-ority. Sadly, though, these improvements have not been enough to fix long-standing problems, and, again, the progress we have made is under grave threat. Left unchecked, this adminis-tration would devastate communities of color and many other vulnerable groups as well. Today, the Trump administration is rolling back budgets, cutting offices, obscuring scientific information, and attacking legislation aimed at curbing environmental justice. That is why, on March 7, we witnessed the resignation of Mr. Mustafa Ali from his post as leader of the Environmental Protection Agency’s Environmental Justice Pro-gram. For more than two decades, Mr. Ali helped lead our Nation’s efforts to secure justice and positive change for vulnerable communities that have seen their public health threatened and the quality of their air, water, and land de-graded. In his letter, Mr. Ali said: ‘‘Commu-nities of color, low-income commu-nities, and indigenous populations are still struggling to receive equal protec-tions before the law. ‘‘These communities, both rural and urban, often live in areas with toxic levels of air pollution, crumbling or nonexistent water and sewer infra-structure, lead in the drinking water, brownfields from vacant former indus-trial and commercial sites, Superfund and other hazardous waste sites, as well as other sources of exposure to pollutants. ‘‘Despite the many challenges we face regarding the impacts of pollution and a changing climate, we have just as many effective tools and programs with long track records of assisting vulnerable communities in meeting their goals of improving public health and enhancing the environmental qual-ity of their local communities.’’ Mr. Speaker, I know my Democratic colleagues are eager to use these tools to secure just outcomes and better lives for the people we represent. Mr. Speaker, I urge my friends in the ma-jority to join with us. Mr. Speaker, in concluding, I would like to thank my colleagues for joining me this evening to discuss environ-mental justice. Together, we have amplified a simple truth: regardless of the color of your skin, how much money you make, or where you live, every American is enti-tled to clean air, clean water, and ac-cess to our public lands. Again, when we fail to achieve those goals, public health suffers, quality of life suffers, and people lead shorter and harder lives. We know that climate change is real. We know that it is being caused by human activity. If we fail to act, we know that there are going to be ter-rible consequences for the entire human community. We also know that vulnerable populations and marginalized communities are poised to suffer the most—just as they have in the past. That kind of environmental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.049 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3000 May 1, 2017 
injustice has a long history, and it must stop. That is why, this past week, I an-nounced the creation of the United for Climate and Environmental Justice Task Force alongside my colleagues, Congresswoman J
AYAPAL from Wash-ington State and Congresswoman B
ARRAGA ´Nfrom California. We are going to fight every day to prevent cli-mate change and to mitigate its worst effects. We are going to advocate for policies that correct and prevent envi-ronmental injustice. We are going to defend every American’s right to clean air, safe water, and healthy commu-nities. I think I can speak for all three of us when I say that we look forward to working with you all. Millions of working families are counting on us, Mr. Speaker, as their Representatives in the House and the Senate to serve them and to make wise decisions to improve their lives. We must confront environmental and eco-nomic injustices through fierce partici-pation in the planning processes in at- risk areas moving forward. That means demanding more stringent environ-mental compliance and enforcement that protect communities of color from fossil fuel pollution and demanding greater investments in clean energy de-ployment in historically African-Amer-ican communities that will create union and family-wage jobs with up-ward mobility. I know my colleagues on this side of the aisle are committed to making this change, and I challenge our friends in the majority to join us. I urge them to support greater transparency, objec-tivity, and outreach in environmental policymaking. I urge them to support processes that improve two-way com-munication between decisionmakers and the people their decisions affect. I urge them to help ensure that the deci-sionmakers are confronting the full ef-fects of their choices—including how consequences are distributed and by whom they are borne. Protecting the environment, Mr. Speaker—creation care—is my passion. I commit to you that I will continue fighting each and every day to address climate change and sea level rise, push for renewable energy and green tech-nologies, and do everything I can to leave this planet a better place for fu-ture generations. Mr. Speaker, I am an Eagle Scout, and I know that we are supposed to leave the campground better than the way we found it. The time is now to continue fighting for perhaps the most important issue of the 21st century— the environment. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) for her indulgence. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. M
CEACHIN for his passion and for his commitment to these issues of environmental justice. Particularly in the Virgin Islands, we know that climate change is real. We feel it, and we see it in how we operate and how our environment is changing, whether it be mosquitoes and Zika, be-fore that chikungunya and dengue. We know that the effects of climate change are impacting our health and impacting the livelihoods of our envi-ronment. The Congressional Black Caucus sup-ports policies that ensure that all Americans also have access to a clean and healthy environment. Studies have long shown an unsettling correlation between race and the location of haz-ardous waste facilities. For example, a 1983 Government Accountability Office study found that 75 percent of haz-ardous waste landfills in eight south-eastern States were located in pre-dominantly poor and minority commu-nities. The places where minorities live, work, and learn are significantly com-promised by air, water, land, soil, noise, and light pollutants. Black Americans and other minorities are predisposed to health issues directly linked to environmental and toxic waste. We cannot take away funding to support the eradication of these health hazards. We must continue to push for that. We are not here as the Congressional Black Caucus simply to disparage our President. We are not here to point out his fallacies. But we would be doing a grave disservice to the people that we represent, not just minorities but all Americans, if we do not stand up and discuss the issues that are of grave concern to us, to ask for support and funding, to ask that there not be a roll-back on many of the gains that we have had that have supported and helped our community. At the beginning of the 115th Con-gress, the Congressional Black Caucus launched: ‘‘What Did Trump Do?’’ It was a rapid-response messaging docu-ment we used to inform our external stakeholders. This ‘‘What Did Trump Do?’’ is a special #staywoke edition. We are listing 100 actions President Trump and his administration have taken over the last 100 days. It was de-veloped by 78 million Americans that the CBC collectively represent, includ-ing 17 million African Americans, as well as millions of Americans we do not represent. We want this information to be be-fore the American people to show that work must still be done. We talked about environmental areas. I am going to list some of the things that have happened in the 100 days that we need to be cognizant of, that we need to make sure that these things do not take place, and that they not become embedded in this great America in which we live. On February 28, Attorney General Sessions said that the DOJ would pull back from using its legal authority to monitor police departments respon-sible for repeated instances of police misconduct and abuses by backing away from legal commitment first en-acted into law by Representative J
OHN CONYERS as part of the 1994 crime re-form legislation. Sessions sent a signal to the African-American community that the police misconduct laws will not be equally and fully enforced. On that same day, the President signed a bill that rolled back a regulation re-stricting gun purchases by the men-tally ill through a use of background checks. Attorney General Sessions rescinded the Obama-era order to reduce the use of privately operated prisons. The use of privately operated prisons creates a financial incentive to lock people up using African Americans, Latinos, and poor people. In addition, in comparison to the government-operated prisons, privately operated prisons are less safe and secure for both staff and inmates, don’t provide the same level of reha-bilitative services like educational pro-grams and job trainings which increase the likelihood that those who are re-leased from prison will return to a life of crime. Finally, although privately operated prisons are said to be more cost effec-tive than government prisons, they are not because those that are in those prisons will continue to, in many in-stances, come back causing a burden not just on the American people and taxpayers but on the families and the communities in which those individ-uals reside. Other things that have happened in these first 100 days: President Trump appointed Candace E. Jackson as Act-ing Assistant Secretary for civil rights at the Department of Education. Ms. Jackson once said that affirmative ac-tion promotes racial discrimination and claims she was discriminated against for being White. Secretary DeVos hired Robert Eitel, an official with deep ties to the for-profit college industry, to be a Special Assistant to the Department of Education. This hire presents a serious conflict of interest and raises questions about whether Eitel can put students’ needs above the interest of his former colleagues. President Trump’s proposed budget for the Department of Education hurts low-income students from pre-K through college by undermining public education through the elimination of afterschool and teacher-support pro-grams and diverting Federal funds to private school vouchers, eliminating support for college students, gutting Federal workstudy, and slashing crit-ical funding for Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants and Pell grants. All of these cuts would have severe consequences for our Nation’s stu-dents—not just African Americans but Latinos and students in large urban areas. No afterschool programs, no sup-port for teachers—what will our chil-dren do? b2100 What will those families do that need those children and that support? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.051 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3001 May 1, 2017 
On March 9, EPA Administrator Pru-itt said that he did not think that car-bon dioxide was the primary driver of global warming even though that is the public position of EPA, NOAA, and NASA. We can go on and on. We have a docu-ment with over 100 actions that have been taken in the last 100 days. In housing and homeownership, President Trump’s proposed budget would cut the Department of Housing and Urban Development by $6 billion. HUD is responsible for providing hous-ing assistance to extremely low-income families and the homeless and rein-vesting in American cities and coun-ties. Those same proposed budgets would end the Low Income Home Energy As-sistance Program, which assists fami-lies with energy costs, including home energy bills, energy crises, weatheriza-tion, and energy-related home repair. These are some of the many examples of what has happened. We give these examples not merely to degrade what has happened with this administration, but to show that work must still be done and that we, as Americans, must stay woke to what is happening in this country. We must keep our eyes vigi-lant and on the prize and ensure that Americans will see what is really hap-pening and not be moved by the media, by the tweets, but see actual facts. We are working in real facts here to let you know what needs to be done and that we, the Congressional Black Caucus, as Members of Congress, are asking our colleagues across the aisle and in the Democratic Caucus to sup-port us and to support the issues that are relevant not just to African Ameri-cans, but to all Americans this day. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands? There was no objection. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to expose the cavalier dis-regard of environmental justice by our Presi-dent during his first 100 days in office. In a short period of time, President Donald J. Trump made clear his agenda—anti-climate, anti-science, and anti-fact. The current admin-istration has already taken significant steps, in lock-step with Congressional Republicans, to roll back and erase the progress made by the Obama Administration to protect our health, our public lands, and our precious environ-ment. Since taking office, President Trump has signed a number of executive orders reversing many of President Obama’s environmental protections—promoting cleaner air, cleaner water, and more sustainable energy produc-tion. The current White House is on a fast- track to derail decades of progress and set our nation back in the effort to combat climate change. The Clean Power Plan, which estab-lished comprehensive carbon emission stand-ards and put the United States at the forefront of global environmental stewardship, was one of Trump’s first targets. Instead of investing in technological and scientific innovation to make America a leader in greener, cleaner, sustain-able energy production and consumption, President Trump has used his office to sup-port the interests of corporations and interests in big oil and dirty coal on the backs of hard-working Americans. Furthermore, the current administration has promulgated efforts to expand environmentally detrimental offshore drilling, allow the dumping of mining waste, and potentially force an exit from the 2015 Paris Agreement which brought the world’s powers together in agreement to curb our collective carbon emissions. The proposed budget goes even further in rejecting evidenced-based policy-making. From proposals to cripple the Environmental Protection Agency and zero-out critical pro-grams at the Department of Energy like ARPA–E, this administration has abandoned our nation’s effort to protect our planet and be a global leader. Our administration’s blatant disregard to-ward the health, economic, and national secu-rity risks associated with global climate change is shortsighted and will only further en-danger Americans’ health, security, and eco-nomic stability. While we will all suffer from the consequences of short-sighted federal policy, the heaviest burden is bound to fall on those already marginalized. Minorities and working class families are al-ready struggling to make ends meet, but study after study shows that they are the most vul-nerable to environmental injustices. Subject to downwind and downstream pollution, children and families who are economically disadvan-taged often lack the political voice to keep in-dustries from polluting their communities and frequently bear the brunt of deregulatory re-gimes. Take Flint, Michigan for example, where young children have been exposed to toxic levels of lead from their drinking water. That is wrong and should be unheard of in the world’s most powerful nation. I urge my colleagues to consider the kind of country we want our children to live in. Where is the freedom in living in a community where there is no access to clean drinking water, or a city where children are forced to stay inside because the air is so polluted? We can and must do better, Mr. Speaker. The actions the President has set forth thus far do nothing to Make America Great Again; rather, his first one hundred days has only made America more polluted, less safe, and less secure. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to stand firm in their resolve to hold this and future ad-ministrations accountable to keeping our air clean, our water safe, and our environment sustainable for future generations. We have far too much to lose, Mr. Speaker, and future generations deserve our better judgement. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. M
ARINO (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of a family medical issue. SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: S. 496. An act to repeal the rule issued by the Federal Highway Administration and the Federal Transit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Co-ordination and Planning Area Reform’’. f 
JOINT RESOLUTION PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on April 28, 2017, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following joint resolution: 
H.J. Res. 99. Making further continuing ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 3 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Tuesday, May 2, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour de-bate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1221. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Assisted Outpatient Treatment Pilot Program for Fiscal Year 2016 Report to Con-gress, pursuant to Public Law 113-93, Sec. 224; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 1222. A letter from the Director, Inter-national Cooperation, Office of the Under Secretary for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, Department of Defense, transmit-ting Transmittal No. 05-17, informing of an intent to sign the Memorandum of Agree-ment Between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the King-dom of Sweden, pursuant to Section 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act and Executive Order 13637; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 910. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to pro-vide a safe harbor related to certain invest-ment fund research reports, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–102). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 1366. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to termi-nate an exemption for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01MY7.053 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3002 May 1, 2017 
other possession of the United States (Rept. 115–103). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 1312. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to require an annual review by the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission of the an-nual government-business forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act; with an amendment (Rept. 115–104). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 1242. A bill to establish the 400 Years of African-American History Commission, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–105). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 299. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1180) to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide compensatory time for employees in the pri-vate sector; providing for proceedings during the period from May 5, 2017, through May 15, 2017; and for other purposes (Rept. 115–106). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 2258. A bill to require that certain standards for commercial driver’s licenses applicable to former members of the armed services or reserves also apply to current members of the armed services or reserves; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): H.R. 2259. A bill to amend the Peace Corps Act to expand services and benefits for vol-unteers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and Education and the Work-force, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 2260. A bill to improve college afford-ability; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself and Mr. B
UCHANAN ): H.R. 2261. A bill to improve the ability of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, the Coast Guard, and coastal States to sustain healthy ocean and coastal ecosystems by maintaining and sustaining their capabilities relating to oil spill pre-paredness, prevention, response, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-nois, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. B ROWN of Mary-land, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. L EE, Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. R
ICHMOND ): H.R. 2262. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to require certain consumer reporting agencies to include a credit score when providing consumers with a free annual consumer report; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. S
ABLAN , and Ms. P LASKETT ): H.R. 2263. A bill to provide for greater transparency and information with respect to Federal expenditures under the Medicaid and CHIP programs in the territories of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. R
EED, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. S
CHRADER , Mrs. B USTOS , and Ms. T
ENNEY ): H.R. 2264. A bill to improve the competi-tiveness of United States manufacturing by designating and supporting manufacturing communities; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-self and Mr. S
WALWELL of California): H.R. 2265. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow small businesses to defer the payment of certain employment taxes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. C
ICILLINE ): H.R. 2266. A bill to amend title 28 of the United States Code to authorize the appoint-ment of additional bankruptcy judges; and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania): H.R. 2267. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the dis-tribution of additional residency positions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for her-self, Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. K INZINGER , and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas): H.R. 2268. A bill to authorize the Adminis-trator of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention of the Department of Justice to award grants to local edu-cational agencies to establish, expand, and support programs to train school staff to rec-ognize and respond to signs of labor and sex trafficking and to provide classroom cur-ricula to students on how to avoid becoming victims of labor and sex trafficking; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): H.R. 2269. A bill to require the Administra-tion of General Services to issue guidance re-lating to the procurement of reclaimed re-frigerants; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , and Mr. R OSKAM ): H.R. 2270. A bill to amend section 437(d) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for repayment by the Secretary of loans to parents of disabled students; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 2271. A bill to permit employees to re-quest, and to ensure employers consider re-quests for, flexible work terms and condi-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, House Administra-tion, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PALLONE (for himself, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. K EATING , Mr. B EYER , Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. C LARK of Massa-chusetts, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. M
ENG, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. H
ASTINGS ): H.R. 2272. A bill to amend the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act to permanently pro-hibit the conduct of offshore drilling on the outer Continental Shelf in the Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, North Atlantic, and Straits of Florida planning areas; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. PERRY (for himself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. W AG-
NER, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. O’R
OURKE , and Mr. J ONES ): H.R. 2273. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to exclude cannabidiol and cannabidiol-rich plants from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judici-ary, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 2274. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to provide for extended periods re-lating to preliminary permits and com-mencement of construction, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 2275. A bill to require employers to provide pay stubs, codify the Executive order relating to Government contracting, provide greater oversight of executive compensation and restrictions on sales of stocks, clarify the definition of a supervisor, and enhance penalties for violations of workforce safety and standards; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas): H.R. 2276. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for treatment of audiologists as physicians for purposes of furnishing audiology services under the Medicare program, to improve access to the audiology services available for coverage under the Medicare program and to enable beneficiaries to have their choice of a quali-fied audiologist to provide such services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY7.013 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3003 May 1, 2017 
Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SLAUGHTER: H.R. 2277. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to prohibit Members of Congress from receiving a discounted price in certain private offerings of securities; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 2278. A bill to extend the authoriza-tion of the Uranium Mill Tailing Radiation Control Act of 1978 relating to the disposal site in Mesa County, Colorado; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. TSONGAS (for herself, Mr. A
US-
TINSCOTT of Georgia, Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ): H.R. 2279. A bill to award a gold medal on behalf of the Congress to the U.S. Air Forces Escape and Evasion Society, in recognition of the ceaseless efforts of American aircrew members to escape captivity and evade cap-ture by the enemy forces in occupied coun-tries during our foreign wars, and the brave resistance organizations and patriotic na-tionals of those foreign countries who as-sisted them; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ): H. Res. 300. A resolution encouraging greater public-private sector collaboration to promote financial literacy for students and young adults; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself and Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio): H. Res. 301. A resolution expressing support for designation of May 30 as ‘‘National Bartter Syndrome Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. VEASEY: H. Res. 302. A resolution expressing support for designation of May 2017 as ‘‘Health and Fitness Month’’; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
27. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Idaho, rel-ative to House Joint Memorial No. 9, calling upon the U.S. Air Force, the Administration and Congress to thoroughly and conscien-tiously evaluate the utility and efficacy of basing a squadron of F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter aircraft at Gowen Field in Boise, Idaho, to facilitate a continued flying mission for the Idaho Air National Guard; to the Committee on Armed Services. 28. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Idaho, relative to House Joint Memorial No. 7, urging President Trump, Secretary Price and Congress to take the fol-lowing action: Allow individual states to once again serve as the primary regulator of health insurance plans and immediately per-mit the free market availability and sale of nonsubsidized health insurance plans in ac-cordance with state-established statutes, regulations and rules governing such plans; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 29. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Idaho, relative to House Joint Memorial No. 2, supporting actions by the Governor and the Attorney General to op-pose passage and introduction of salmon or steelhead above Hells Canyon Dam, that are necessary to protect Idaho’s sovereignty, in-cluding its waters and property rights; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 30. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Idaho, relative to House Joint Memorial No. 4, encouraging western states and the federal government to establish co-operative and coordinated efforts with the State of Idaho to prevent, to whatever ex-tent possible, through efforts including in-spections, decontamination policies, enforce-ment of invasive species laws and rapid re-sponse protocols, further spread of the dreissenid mussels, and containment where established, until such time as viable tools for eradication are discovered; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 31. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Idaho, relative to House Joint Memorial No. 8, urging Congress to appro-priate $8 million of the authorized $20 mil-lion for FY 2018 to the four Northwest states of Idaho, Montana, Oregon, and Washington, according to the Water Infrastructure Im-provements for the Nation Act (WIIN); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 32. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Idaho, relative to House Joint Memorial No. 6, urging that United States farmers, ranchers and food processors be en-abled to compete freely and trade fairly in foreign and domestic markets on a strictly level playing field; jointly to the Commit-tees on Agriculture and Education and the Workforce. 33. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Idaho, relative to House Joint Memorial No. 3, supporting the Department of Energy, the Administration and Congress to identify, commit and sustain the nec-essary funding to allow the Department of Energy to continue to make progress at meeting its cleanup milestones to benefit the citizens of Idaho and its environment; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Science, Space, and Tech-nology. f PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. PERLMUTTER introduced a bill (H.R. 2280) for the relief of Arturo Hernandez-Gar-cia; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 2258. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 2259. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 2260. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: H.R. 2261. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. ‘‘ By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 2262. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 2263. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 2264. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 2265. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. CONYERS: H.R. 2266. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 2267. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 2268. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 2269. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 2270. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 2271. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 2272. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. PERRY: H.R. 2273. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 2274. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:32 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01MY7.100 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3004 May 1, 2017 
By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 2275. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 2276. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States By Ms. SLAUGHTER: H.R. 2277. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 2278. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4 Section 3 Clause 2: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitu-tion shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Ms. TSONGAS: H.R. 2279. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. PERLMUTTER: H.R. 2280. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 36: Mr. W EBER of Texas. H.R. 37: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 38: Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Mr. E STES of Kansas. H.R. 60: Mr. T
IPTON , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 116: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 453: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 519: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 544: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 559: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 619: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 669: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 721: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 747: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. D
ENHAM , H.R. 749: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 750: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. T HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 807: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 809: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 820: Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 910: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 919: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 1002: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1005: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. W
ITTMAN , and Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1014: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1017: Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, Mr. P
AULSEN , and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.R. 1035: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 1038: Mr. DUNNand Mr. S HIMKUS . H.R. 1046: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 1057: Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, and Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 1058: Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 1098: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 1114: Ms. Barraga´n and Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 1141: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1148: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. D
UNN. H.R. 1149: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 1164: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 1200: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 1204: Mr. L
ATTA and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 1206: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 1212: Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. P ALAZZO , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. K USTER of New Hamp-shire, and Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 1231: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 1235: Ms. J
UDY CHUof California and Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 1242: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 1267: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 1318: Mr. W
ALZand Mrs. M URPHY of Florida. H.R. 1322: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 1361: Mr. M
EEHAN , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1363: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1366: Mr. M
ESSER and Ms. P LASKETT . H.R. 1406: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 1421: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1447: Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. C
OFFMAN , and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1472: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1478: Ms. M
OORE and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 1484: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 1552: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 1565: Mr. T
AYLOR . H.R. 1600: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 1625: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 1629: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1635: Mr. W
ALBERG , H.R. 1639: Mr. B
ACON and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1663: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 1676: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1677: Mr. K
NIGHT and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 1698: Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. B LUM, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. R EED, and Mr. C ONAWAY . H.R. 1699: Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1727: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 1730: Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mrs. B
LACK , and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 1777: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. M AST, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1811: Mr. H
UDSON , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. H
URD, Mr. B ARR, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. M AR-
SHALL , Mr. M AST, Mr. R USSELL , Mr. S
MUCKER , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. R OUZER , and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1812: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1825: Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. S HUSTER , and Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 1828: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 1844: Ms. DELBENE, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali- fornia. H.R. 1848: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1854: Mr. D
ONOVAN , H.R. 1857: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1861: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 1872: Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. L
EE, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 1874: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1885: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1886: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 1902: Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 1904: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 1928: Mr. W
ITTMAN and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 1953: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 1960: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1969: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 1988: Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 1999: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 2004: Mr. A
BRAHAM , Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 2029: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 2031: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 2059: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 2105: Mr. L
UCAS . H.R. 2119: Mr. E
LLISON and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 2167: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 2168: Mr. S
WALWELL of California and Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 2175: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 2176: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 2192: Mr. S
MUCKER , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. M
AST. H.R. 2197: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 2214: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 2220: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2226: Mr. A
RRINGTON and Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 2248: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2250: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.J. Res. 6: Mr. F
ASO. H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. M
ASTand Mr. W ELCH . H. Con. Res. 41: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mr. S HIM-
KUS. H. Res. 21: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H. Res. 30: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. L EVIN. H. Res. 69: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. R
USH. H. Res. 165: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H. Res. 218: Ms. M
ATSUI . H. Res. 220: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Ms. T ITUS. H. Res. 239: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Ms. K ELLY of Il- linois, Mrs. T
ORRES , and Mr. T HOMAS J. R OO-
NEYof Florida. H. Res. 256: Mr. K
NIGHT . H. Res. 259: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois and Mr. M
OULTON . H. Res. 288: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H. Res. 295: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. H
ASTINGS . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. WALDEN  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 2192 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY7.020 H01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2641 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 1, 2017 No. 74 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. God of our fathers and mothers, con-tinue to lead us with the power of Your wisdom and might. Empower our Sen-ators to live this day with honor. In-crease their faith, hope, and love that they may receive Your promises and claim them to accomplish Your pur-poses for our world. Lord, inspire our Senators today with the music of Your wisdom that through their labors, they may bring hope from despair and joy from sadness. Teach them to celebrate, even in the dark-ness, because You are the God who gives us strength to accomplish more than we can ask or imagine. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING LEGISLATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the funding bill announced last night will allow us to make critical advances to rebuild our military, strengthen our border, and continue providing relief to communities that have struggled for too long against the opioid epidemic. These are important priorities for Con-gress and for the President. They re-flect a lot of hard work. They promise to positively and meaningfully impact the lives of the men and women we rep-resent. The funding bill also includes another critical priority I have long fought for: protecting healthcare for thousands of retired coal miners. This legislation would allow us to take the initial step needed to begin rebuilding our military. It contains a downpayment on defense that will sup-port forward-deployed forces in places like the Korean Peninsula and Eastern Europe and operations against adver-saries like ISIL and the Taliban as we work to secure the funds that will be necessary to improve readiness and re-store munitions and ammunition. We know that more must be done to meet our global commitments, and by providing some of the resources that will be necessary for a sustained re-building campaign—one we can hope will earn bipartisan support—we can take an important step forward. This legislation will also allow us to substantially strengthen the border. It contains the largest increase in border security resources in a decade, allow-ing us to address high-priority security needs, crack down on illegal border crossings, and strengthen the border with everything from upgraded phys-ical infrastructure to high-tech bio-metric and surveillance technology. We know more must be done to secure the border, and by finally delivering more of the resources and tools necessary to secure it, we can take an important step forward. This legislation will also allow us to fight back against the opioid and her-oin crisis while bolstering medical in-novation and treatments at the same time. It contains funding for programs Congress authorized last year in the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act, continued funding for the 21st Century Cures Act—also passed last year—to attack opioid abuse, plus addi-tional funds to combat the prescription opioid and heroin crisis that has dev-astated communities across the Na-tion. We know more must be done to heal the communities that are hurting, and by funding the fight against today’s epidemic, along with a fight for tomor-row’s medical solutions, we can take an important step in the right direc-tion. My home State of Kentucky has been particularly hard-hit by this epi-demic, and helping our families and communities overcome this assault re-mains a top priority for me. On another priority of mine ad-dressed in the funding bill, I am par-ticularly proud to announce that through this legislation, we have se-cured a permanent extension of healthcare benefits for thousands of re-tired coal miners and their families in States like Kentucky. Over the past few years, I have met with numerous Kentucky miners about this important issue, and I have been proud to lead ef-forts to help these families keep their healthcare. Now I am pleased to report that this spending legislation incor-porates language from a bill I intro-duced earlier this year and will enact a permanent extension of miner healthcare benefits. I am proud to have secured this important provision as we put together the final package, and I will continue to fight to provide relief for coal communities going forward. Moreover, this funding bill also in-cludes additional assistance for trou-bled coal-mining communities and dis-located coal workers, and it promotes an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy policy that prioritizes coal, natural gas, and nuclear research. It is disappointing that our Demo-cratic colleagues blocked last year’s ef-forts to move individual appropriations bills under the regular order, but I am pleased that they have now agreed to a solution that will advance many of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY6.000 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2642 May 1, 2017 
priorities of the American people, Con-gress, and the President. The funding legislation announced last night, which incorporates the 11 regular appropriations bills remaining from last year, is the product of a great deal of work in committee last year and subsequent bipartisan, bicameral discussions this year. I want to thank all of those who put in long hours and continued to negotiate in good faith so that we could arrive at this strong agreement. In particular, I wish to recognize Chairman C
OCHRAN , the leadership of the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, and their staffs. They worked to ensure that the process was bipartisan and bicameral every step of the way. Because of their efforts, we now have an agreement that both sides should support. Before we take up the bill later this week, I encourage all Senators to re-view the full text, which includes more information on the priorities I just mentioned, and then let’s keep working together to pass it later this week. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Calendar Nos. 39 through 51 and all nominations placed on the Secretary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy; that the nominations be confirmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed are as follows: 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Richard A. Brown Rear Adm. (lh) James S. Bynum Rear Adm. (lh) Daryl L. Caudle Rear Adm. (lh) Richard A. Correll Rear Adm. (lh) Randy B. Crites Rear Adm. (lh) Daniel H. Fillion Rear Adm. (lh) Collin P. Green Rear Adm. (lh) Mary M. Jackson Rear Adm. (lh) James W. Kilby Rear Adm. (lh) James J. Malloy Rear Adm. (lh) John W. Tammen, Jr. The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Kevin M. Jones Capt. Thomas J. Moreau 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps Re-serve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. David G. Bellon Brig. Gen. Patrick J. Hermesmann The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be major general Brig. Gen. Edward D. Banta Brig. Gen. Robert F. Castellvi Brig. Gen. Matthew G. Glavy Brig. Gen. Michael S. Groen Brig. Gen. Kevin M. Iiams Brig. Gen. William F. Mullen, III Brig. Gen. Gregg P. Olson Brig. Gen. Eric M. Smith The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps Re-serve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be brigadier general Col. Michael S. Martin The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. James H. Adams, III Col. Eric E. Austin Col. Jay M. Bargeron Col. Michael J. Borgschulte Col. William J. Bowers Col. Dimitri Henry Col. Keith D. Reventlow Col. Roberta L. Shea Col. Benjamin T. Watson Col. Christian F. Wortman IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Bryan P. Fenton The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Darrell K. Williams 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. David H. Lewis The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Mathias W. Winter The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Steven L. Parode The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) John P. Polowczyk The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Jon A. Hill Rear Adm. (lh) Gordon D. Peters NOMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN128 AIR FORCE nomination of Raymond C. Jones, III, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN129 AIR FORCE nomination of Chris-topher E. Austin, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN130 AIR FORCE nominations (4) begin-ning ROBERT D. HOUGHTELING, and end-ing CARL H. SPEARS, JR., which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN131 AIR FORCE nominations (9) begin-ning LISA ANN BANYASZ, and ending JULIE L. WIBLE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN132 AIR FORCE nominations (5) begin-ning LORI J. BETTERS, and ending LISA S. SHEAR, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of March 27, 2017. PN133 AIR FORCE nomination of James A. Crider, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN134 AIR FORCE nominations (15) begin-ning JOSE E. BARRERA, and ending DAVID H. ZONIES, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN135 AIR FORCE nominations (12) begin-ning KRISTIN L. ADER, and ending CHRIS-TOPHER C. VANNATTA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN136 AIR FORCE nominations (4) begin-ning GREGG MICHAEL CAGGIANELLI, and ending WILLIAM SCOTT WIECHER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN137 AIR FORCE nominations (136) begin-ning PATRICK W. ALBRECHT, and ending STEPHEN S. YOON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN138 AIR FORCE nomination of Stephen N. Luker, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN139 AIR FORCE nominations (55) begin-ning TYLER J. BANACHOWSKI, and ending MARITA N. ZGURI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN140 AIR FORCE nominations (244) begin-ning JONI A. ABBOTT, and ending DANIELLE C. YUEN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN141 AIR FORCE nominations (30) begin-ning MICHAEL J. ALFARO, and ending SARA M. WILSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN142 AIR FORCE nominations (129) begin-ning JESSICA L. ABBOTT, and ending HEATH D. WRIGHT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN143 AIR FORCE nominations (13) begin-ning COREY R. ANDERSON, and ending AN-DREW J. STOY, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01MY6.002 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2643 May 1, 2017 
PN144 AIR FORCE nominations (63) begin-ning EDWARD R. ANDERSON, III, and end-ing RAMON YAMBO ARIAS, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN174 AIR FORCE nominations (438) begin-ning PATRICK M. ALBRITTON, and ending RAY A. ZUNIGA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN250 AIR FORCE nominations (5) begin-ning NEIL R. COPELAND, and ending OLIVIA M. VAUGHAN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN251 AIR FORCE nomination of Robert P. McCoy, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN252 AIR FORCE nomination of Allen R. Henderson, Jr., which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN253 AIR FORCE nomination of George L. Burnett, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN254 AIR FORCE nomination of Dion R. Dixon, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN255 AIR FORCE nomination of Rebecca A. Lipe, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN256 AIR FORCE nomination of Michael N. Tesfay, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN257 AIR FORCE nomination of Megan G. K. Steele, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN258 AIR FORCE nominations (141) begin-ning RYAN W. ABNER, and ending BREANCA G. YOUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN259 AIR FORCE nominations (76) begin-ning ALLEN SETH ABRAMS, and ending THOMAS BENJAMIN WILLIAMS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN260 AIR FORCE nominations (18) begin-ning CHAD A. BELLAMY, and ending AN-DREW L. THORNLEY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN261 AIR FORCE nominations (51) begin-ning AIMEE L. ALVIAR, and ending DAVID A. WHITEHORN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN262 AIR FORCE nominations (40) begin-ning WILLIE J. BABOR, and ending MAUREEN SCHELLIE WOOD, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN263 AIR FORCE nominations (6) begin-ning HECTOR L. COLONCOLON, and ending KEVIN L. LOCKETT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN264 AIR FORCE nominations (33) begin-ning BETH M. BAYKAN, and ending WIL-LIAM T. WILSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN265 AIR FORCE nomination of Martin J. Hamilton, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN266 AIR FORCE nominations (14) begin-ning MICHAEL A. BLACKBURN, and ending JASON S. WRACHFORD, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. 
IN THE ARMY  PN145 ARMY nomination of Scott C. Apling, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN146 ARMY nomination of Patricia L. George, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN148 ARMY nomination of Adam J. Points, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN149 ARMY nomination of Larry G. Workman, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN150 ARMY nomination of Robert J. Dunlap, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN151 ARMY nomination of Wayne O. Dehaney, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN152 ARMY nomination of Johnathan T. Parchem, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN153 ARMY nominations (883) beginning JACOB P. ABSALON, and ending G010445, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN154 ARMY nominations (545) beginning MARK P. ADAMS, and ending G010388, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN155 ARMY nominations (483) beginning AMIR A. ABUAKEEL, and ending D013352, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN156 ARMY nominations (85) beginning VANESSA R. ASMUS, and ending D013007, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN157 ARMY nomination of Michael C. Flynn, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN158 ARMY nomination of Steve L. Martinelli, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN161 ARMY nominations (127) beginning KENNETH AHORRIO, and ending PAUL W. ZIEGLER, III, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN162 ARMY nominations (210) beginning TOLULOPE O. ADEYEMI, and ending D013595, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of March 27, 2017. PN163 ARMY nominations (77) beginning PAUL J. E. AUCHINCLOSS, and ending D012628, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of March 27, 2017. PN164 ARMY nominations (26) beginning RACHEL A. ACCIACCA, and ending LAUREN E. WHITE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN165 ARMY nomination of Christopher J. Brown, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN166 ARMY nominations (2) beginning DANIEL B. KING, and ending TODD E. WAINMAN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN175 ARMY nomination of John J. Bottorff, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN176 ARMY nomination of Eugene L. Thomas, III, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN177 ARMY nomination of John T. Bleigh, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN178 ARMY nomination of Jeffrey D. Buck, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN179 ARMY nomination of Michael W. Preczewski, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN180 ARMY nominations (2) beginning CANDY BOPARAI, and ending LINCOLN F. WILLIAMS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN181 ARMY nominations (2) beginning CHARLES J. HASELBY, and ending JASON T. RAMSPOTT, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN182 ARMY nomination of Alexander M. Willard, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN183 ARMY nomination of Christopher K. Berthold, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN184 ARMY nomination of Preston H. Leonard, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN185 ARMY nomination of Nicole E. Ussery, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN186 ARMY nomination of Michael D. Baker, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN187 ARMY nomination of Bridget V. Kmetz, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN188 ARMY nominations (2) beginning VEDNER BELLOT, and ending JAMES ROB-INSON, JR., which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN189 ARMY nominations (2) beginning ANGELA L. FUNARO, and ending CHAD HACKLEY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 4, 2017. PN190 ARMY nomination of Brian R. Harki, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN191 ARMY nominations (8) beginning JONATHAN L. BOURIAQUE, and ending DAVID A. LANGER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN192 ARMY nominations (6) beginning TIMOTHY L. BAER, and ending GERALD R. WHITE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 4, 2017. PN193 ARMY nomination of James V. Crawford, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN194 ARMY nomination of Mohammed S. Aziz, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN195 ARMY nomination of Seth C. Lydem, which was received by the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY6.014 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2644 May 1, 2017 
and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN196 ARMY nomination of Christopher C. Ostby, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN197 ARMY nomination of Calvin E. Fish, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN198 ARMY nomination of Aaron E. Lane, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN199 ARMY nomination of Damien Boffardi, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN200 ARMY nomination of Randy D. Dor-sey, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN201 ARMY nominations (2) beginning BENJAMIN R. SMITH, and ending STALIN R. SUBRAMANIAN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN202 ARMY nomination of Mark W. Hop-kins, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN203 ARMY nominations (7) beginning THOMAS R. MATELSKI, and ending JOSH-UA H. WALKER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN204 ARMY nomination of Mark B. How-ell, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN205 ARMY nomination of Julio ColonGonzalez, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN206 ARMY nominations (3) beginning JASON N. BULLOCK, and ending GERALD A. NUNZIATO, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN267 ARMY nomination of Jennifer A. McAfee, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN268 ARMY nomination of Nina R. Copeland, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN269 ARMY nomination of Calvin E. Townsend, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN270 ARMY nomination of Scott A. McDonald, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN271 ARMY nomination of Thomas P. Lukins, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN272 ARMY nomination of Scott M. McFarland, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN273 ARMY nomination of Jeffrey A. Mil-ler, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN274 ARMY nomination of Joseph M. Kilonzo, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN275 ARMY nomination of Brandi A. Schuyler, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN276 ARMY nomination of David J. Kaczmarek, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN277 ARMY nomination of Jonathan A. Johnson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN278 ARMY nominations (22) beginning JAMES A. BENSON, and ending WILLIAM M. YANEK, II, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN279 ARMY nomination of Crystal J. Smith, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN280 ARMY nomination of Dana B. Love, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN281 ARMY nomination of Douglas A. McKewan, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN282 ARMY nomination of David M. Wal-lace, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN283 ARMY nomination of Lisa M. Pat-ton, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN293 ARMY nomination of Basil J. Catanzaro, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  PN216 MARINE CORPS nominations (17) beginning DANIEL E. ALGER, JR., and end-ing JESSICA M. WALL, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN217 MARINE CORPS nominations (712) beginning ANIS A. ABUZEID, and ending CRAIG A. ZOELLNER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN218 MARINE CORPS nominations (2) be-ginning DANIEL W. ANNUNZIATA, and end-ing LEAH R. PARROTT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN219 MARINE CORPS nomination of James R. Reusse, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN220 MARINE CORPS nominations (320) beginning JOSE M. ACEVEDO, and ending FRANCISCO X. ZAVALA, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN221 MARINE CORPS nominations (4) be-ginning HENRY CENTENO, JR., and ending JAMES L. SHELTON, JR., which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN222 MARINE CORPS nomination of Richard K. O’Brien, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 4, 2017. PN223 MARINE CORPS nominations (7) be-ginning MICHAEL J. ALLEN, and ending CHRISTOPHER T. HAMBRICK, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN224 MARINE CORPS nominations (5) be-ginning JEREMY T. FLANNERY, and ending MARK L. OLDROYD, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN225 MARINE CORPS nomination of Jo-seph W. Hockett, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN226 MARINE CORPS nominations (3) be-ginning FRANCISCO D. AMAYA, and ending TYSON E. PETERS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN227 MARINE CORPS nominations (8) be-ginning MICHAEL M. DODD, and ending ROBERT J. SNODDY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN228 MARINE CORPS nomination of David S. Gersen, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN229 MARINE CORPS nomination of John W. Glinsky, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN230 MARINE CORPS nomination of Keith A. Stevenson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 4, 2017. PN231 MARINE CORPS nominations (5) be-ginning QUENTIN R. CARRITT, and ending ERIC A. SHARPE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN232 MARINE CORPS nominations (6) be-ginning ANTHONY P. GREEN, and ending MICHAEL A. YOUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN234 MARINE CORPS nomination of Stu-art M. Barker, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN236 MARINE CORPS nominations (4) be-ginning RICHARD CANEDO, and ending DAVID L. OGDEN, JR., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN237 MARINE CORPS nomination of John E. Simpson, III, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 4, 2017. PN238 MARINE CORPS nomination of Sean T. Hays, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN239 MARINE CORPS nominations (2) be-ginning LUKE A. CROUSON, and ending JASON C. FLORES, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN240 MARINE CORPS nominations (2) be-ginning ARLINGTON A. FINCH, JR., and ending KEVIN M. TSCHERCH, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN241 MARINE CORPS nominations (95) beginning STEPHEN J. ACOSTA, and ending DONALD R. WRIGHT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN242 MARINE CORPS nominations (7) be-ginning JOSHUA P. BAHR, and ending JANHENDRIK C. ZURLIPPE, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN243 MARINE CORPS nominations (3) be-ginning JOHN T. BROWN, JR., and ending JULIUS G. JONES, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN244 MARINE CORPS nominations (4) be-ginning ELI J. BRESSLER, and ending JAMES R. STRAND, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN245 MARINE CORPS nominations (6) be-ginning CHADWICK W. ARDIS, and ending BRAD J. WILDE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN246 MARINE CORPS nomination of Duane A. Gumbs, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. 
IN THE NAVY  PN167 NAVY nomination of Aaron B. Mayer, which was received by the Senate and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY6.015 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2645 May 1, 2017 
appeared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN169 NAVY nomination of John J. Kitt, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of March 27, 2017. PN208 NAVY nominations (51) beginning JORGE R. BALARES, JR., and ending BRANDON M. ZOSS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN209 NAVY nomination of Mary E. Linnell, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN210 NAVY nominations (15) beginning SPENCER M. BURK, and ending BRIANNA S. WHITTEMORE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN211 NAVY nominations (5) beginning KIRK J. HIPPENSTEEL, and ending JOHN M. RUGGERO, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN213 NAVY nomination of Evita M. Salles, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN215 NAVY nomination of John P. H. Rue, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 4, 2017. PN284 NAVY nominations (30) beginning MICHAEL W. AMECHE, and ending JOSHUA J. WHITLOW, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN285 NAVY nominations (3) beginning RACHEL E. CARTER, and ending KEVIN D. KEITH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 6, 2017. PN286 NAVY nominations (7) beginning MAUER BISCOTTI, III, and ending ADAM J. SUSMARSKI, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN287 NAVY nomination of Donald V. Wil-son, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN288 NAVY nomination of Michael A. Winslow, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN289 NAVY nominations (5) beginning HORACIO G. TAN, and ending DERRICK A. THOMAS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 6, 2017. PN290 NAVY nomination of Natalie C. O. Gilliver, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN291 NAVY nomination of John F. Sharpe, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. PN292 NAVY nomination of Reann S. Mommsen, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 6, 2017. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the Clayton nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2021. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, last Wednesday, the Trump administration unveiled the outlines of a tax reform plan, and, predictably, the plan has met with both praise and scorn from the usual sectors. Regardless of where the people might come down on the specifics of the President’s plan, those who have been proponents of tax re-form—hopefully those from both par-ties—should be pleased to see the President of the United States fully en-gaged in this effort. For 6 years now, I have been beating the drum on tax reform. I have sought to make the case for reform here on the floor, in public forums and events, and in private conversations, and I haven’t been alone. Indeed, Members from both parties have acknowledged the need to fix our broken tax system and have sought to move the ball for-ward on reform. One thing I have said throughout this endeavor is that tax reform, if it is going to be successful, will require Presidential leadership, and that was not a political statement on my part. With those statements, I wasn’t simply calling for the election of a Republican President; on the contrary, I repeat-edly implored President Obama to en-gage with Congress on tax reform but really to no avail. As of now, we finally have a Presi-dent who is willing to lead in this ef-fort. Once again, regardless of where anyone stands with regard to this President or the specifics of his tax plan, the fact that he is willing to meaningfully engage with Congress and the public on these issues should be viewed as a welcome sign for all tax re-form advocates, regardless of their party affiliation. With regard to the specifics of the outline, I believe the President has laid out a set of critical core principles that should hopefully serve as guideposts as the effort moves forward. Most impor-tantly, the plan is designed, first and foremost, to grow the economy, and it would certainly do that. In addition, the plan would greatly simplify the Tax Code to make it fair-er, particularly for individuals and families, which has been a shared goal of tax reformers from both parties and from both sides of the aisle. For in-stance, over two-thirds of taxpayers take the standard deduction. Those taxpayers tend to be concentrated in the middle and lower income brackets. Under the President’s plan, married couples would see the standard deduc-tion doubled, so that they would not pay taxes on the first $24,000 of income. It would reduce rates for both large and small businesses and job creators, which is also something both Repub-licans and Democrats have sought to accomplish in tax reform. Overall, the President’s tax plan would make our country more competi-tive in the international marketplace and reduce the tax burden on millions of middle-class families. Clearly, as the effort moves forward, Congress and the administration will have to fill in the specifics. We will need to see how the numbers work out and where the votes are for any par-ticular reform proposal. This is going to take some time, but, as the chair-man of the Senate’s tax-writing com-mittee, I believe we can be ready to move in relatively short order. I intend to work closely with my colleagues on the Finance Committee, our leadership here in the Senate, leaders in the House, and, of course, the administra-tion to finalize a reform package and get it across the finish line. The last major tax overhaul in the United States was more than 30 years ago, so we have a once-in-a-lifetime or once-in- a-generation opportunity in front of us, and I intend to do all I can to ensure that we make the most of it. When I say ‘‘we,’’ I am not simply re-ferring to Republicans in Congress and the White House; I am referring to any-one who recognizes the problems in our current tax system and is willing to do the necessary work to fix those prob-lems. My hope is that this will be a bi-partisan exercise. By and large, Repub-licans appear ready and willing to work with the President to get tax reform done, and I am working to find some willing partners among my friends on the other side of the aisle. I have said many times that tax re-form should not have to be a partisan exercise. Our current tax system im-poses undue burdens and undue hard-ships on Republican and Democratic voters alike. Therefore, both Repub-licans and Democrats in Congress should be willing to relieve these hard-ships, and, as I have stated here on the floor on numerous occasions, I am will-ing to work with anyone, Republican or Democrat, to make this effort suc-cessful. That said, I haven’t been all that en-couraged by the rhetoric we are hear-ing from our friends on the other side of the aisle on these issues. Setting aside statements we have heard about the policies in the President’s plan or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY6.016 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2646 May 1, 2017 
elsewhere, the Senate Democratic lead-ership at times seems bound and deter-mined to ensure that no Member of their party engages on these issues. Most recently, the Senate minority leader has insisted on two conditions before he will agree to work with Re-publicans on tax reform. The first condition is that Repub-licans commit to not moving tax re-form through the budget reconciliation process. This is an odd demand, one that is, quite frankly, unprecedented in the modern history of tax policy. Cer-tainly, the reconciliation process makes it easier to move reform through Congress on a partisan basis, but, historically speaking, most major tax bills that have moved through rec-onciliation have had bipartisan sup-port. There is no reason, if agreements are reached on policy, that Democrats could not agree to support a tax reform package moved through reconciliation, so taking it categorically off the table before discussions even begin seems, at best, counterintuitive. History tells us that reconciliation need not be partisan. In fact, when Re-publicans have had control of both Houses of Congress and the White House, we have enacted tax reconcili-ation bills that have enjoyed some Sen-ate Democratic support. It is also worth noting that at var-ious points in the recent past, Repub-licans have stayed at the negotiating table, participating in formal and in-formal discussions on major policy matters with reconciliation instruc-tions in place and without any assur-ances that reconciliation would not be used. Are Democrats going to be more amenable to compromising on policy if reconciliation is not on the table? It is hard to see why that would be the case. Taking reconciliation off the table would really only make it easier for Democrats to prevent any kind of tax reform from passing. So, essentially, what some of my Democratic colleagues are saying is that before they will even enter into talks on tax reform, they want us to ensure upfront that they will have the ability to block the bill once it is brought up. As I said, that is an odd de-mand, and not one you would expect to hear from someone who is willing to negotiate in good faith. My colleagues’ second precondition for working with us on tax reform is that President Trump release his tax returns. Like their first demand, this one makes me doubt whether the Sen-ate Democratic leadership really wants to be constructive on tax reform. This is a political demand, pure and simple, likely poll-tested and focus-grouped to please the Democrats’ base. I don’t imagine this demand is really about uncovering conflicts of interest in tax reform. If it is, it is a horribly mis-guided strategy. After all, if tax reform were to suc-ceed, the President is only one small part of the equation. There are 435 Members of the House of Representa-tives and 100 Senators, all of whom would be called upon to vote either for or against the tax reform bill, and whether a Member of Congress sup-ports or opposes a particular bill, a conflict of interest could potentially influence that decision, just as one could theoretically influence a Presi-dent’s decision to sign or veto a bill. Yet I don’t hear anyone from the other side of the aisle demanding the release of the tax returns of every Member of Congress before we can even start working on a bill. That has never been a prerequisite for working on tax legis-lation in the past, and it certainly should not be a prerequisite in the fu-ture. In any event, despite these unreason-able demands, I will once again state that I am more than willing to work with my Democratic colleagues on tax reform, and I sincerely hope at least some of them will be willing to do so. I have been in the Senate for a while now. I think I have more than suffi-ciently demonstrated my willingness to put partisan differences aside and to reach across the aisle. Make no mistake, I believe Repub-licans can move a tax reform package on a purely partisan basis. We have the procedural mechanism in place that would allow us to do that. But my strong preference would be to find a bi-partisan pathway forward, and I hope that can be achieved. Speaking more broadly, whether we move forward on a partisan or bipar-tisan basis, being successful on tax re-form is going to require that we prac-tice the art of the doable. There are a lot of ideas out there on tax reform and no shortage of competing interests. I have my own ideas and proposals that I have been working on for a number of years that I would like to see included in the final package. However, no idea should be considered more important than the broader goals of tax reform. That goes for my ideas and those of anyone else in Congress or in the ad-ministration. There is a great deal of consensus among Republicans on the most impor-tant tax reform policies and principles. In fact, I would say we agree on rough-ly 80 percent of the key issues, which is a good starting point. I will not go into specifics today, but there are some high-profile items in the remaining 20 percent, and there are some differences of opinion regarding most of those items. Bridging that gap and finding the path forward is going to take some se-rious negotiation and compromise. My hope is that people will be willing to adjust their expectations and bend on their preferences in order to achieve success in this very important endeav-or. Speaking for myself, I can say that I would be willing to do so, and I have confidence that my colleagues who will also be playing leadership roles in this effort are similarly willing. Perhaps most importantly, I believe the Presi-dent and his advisers in the adminis-tration are willing to make the nec-essary compromises to finally make tax reform a success. This is the closest we have been to success in tax reform in the past three decades. I hope both parties, both Chambers, both sides of Pennsylvania Avenue are up to that challenge. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING LEGISLATION  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, late last night, due to the hard work and diligence of the staffs of the Appropria-tions Committees on both sides of the aisle in both Houses, the staff of the leadership, and so many others, we were able to come to a bipartisan agreement on a bill to fund the govern-ment through September. Most impor-tantly, this agreement takes the threat of a government shutdown off the table. It is also a good agreement for the American people. The bill ensures taxpayer dollars are not used to fund an ineffective border wall; it excludes over 160 poison pill riders; and it increases investments in programs that the middle class relies on, like education, infrastructure, and medical research. It includes a permanent extension for health benefits for miners. Here, I want to praise—and I can’t give enough praise—to the Senator from West Vir-ginia, J
OEMANCHIN , who was relentless even after disappointment after dis-appointment, at holding the Senate’s feet to the fire and making sure this was done. Many miners can rest easy tonight—people who have worked so hard all their lives and had so much disappointment—because of J
OE M
ANCHIN ’s work and what we put into the bill. There is also funding to shore up Puerto Rico’s Medicaid Program, and $2 billion to help States like California, West Virginia, Louisiana, and North Carolina recover from recent natural disasters. The bill also includes a significant increase in NIH funding, which deals with cancer research and the Cancer Moonshot that both President Obama and Vice President Biden pushed for and continues onward, and a restora-tion of year-round Pell grants that will benefit about 1 million students. Col-lege is often the ladder up for a lot of students, and this will help them stay on that ladder. And the bill includes significantly in-creased funding for infrastructure, as well as funding to combat the scourge of opioid abuse which affects all parts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01MY6.003 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2647 May 1, 2017 
of the country—urban areas, suburban areas, rural areas. It affects the poor, the middle class, and the rich. Good news: It protects 99 percent of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s budget so their quest to keep our water and air clean will be able to con-tinue. It increases funding for clean en-ergy research as well. That is one of the great hopes for jobs in this coun-try, as our Senator from Washington, M
ARIA CANTWELL , constantly reminds us. For my home State of New York, I was particularly pleased the agreement supports critical programs that are greatly needed and very popular in my State, like the Community Develop-ment Block Grant Program, which so many smaller cities depend on; the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative to get pollution out of all the Great Lakes, Lake Ontario and Lake Erie being on the shores of New York; and the vital TIGER Grant Program, which has done so much to support infra-structure, road building, and highways throughout my State and throughout America. As I said, the bill explicitly precludes the use of any of this funding for a bor-der wall. This is an idea that both par-ties rejected. A load of Congressmen and Senators on the Republican side have said that the wall doesn’t make sense. In fact, you couldn’t find one Re-publican on the border in the States of California, Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas who supported that wall. Why? Unlike the President’s promise, Mexico is not paying for it. There is no plan for the wall. We don’t even know where we would build it. The Secretary of the Interior, President Trump’s appointee, said: We can’t build it from the U.S. side because it cuts us off from the river. Mexico will not build on their side. Where are we going to build it? In the middle of the river? And, mainly, because it is not very effective—you can tunnel under a wall. We all want to prevent the scourge of drugs from coming across our border; so many of them come in little planes and boats. When they come by land, they are often hidden in parts of cars, in the carburetor or the exhaust tank— hidden. They will be able to come through because the wall obviously is going to have portals in it where trucks and cars can go through. So there is no money for the border wall, not one plug nickel. We do have money, of course, for bor-der protection, which both parties have always supported, and comprehensive immigration reform. Senator M
CCAIN and I, in a bipartisan bill supported by 68 Members of this body, made sure we had very strong border protection. But it has to be smart, it has to be cost ef-fective, and it has to work. Early on in this debate, Democrats clearly laid out our principles and in-sisted there would be no poison pill rid-ers in this bill. We were able to knock out more than 160 poison pill riders from the final agreement, including the border wall, anti-labor measures that hurt the working people of Amer-ica, and efforts to defund Planned Par-enthood. So many women depend on these clinics for their health. And we were able to achieve significant invest-ments in domestic programs that help the middle class and those struggling to get to the middle class. Of course, this bill doesn’t include all the things we wanted, but that is the nature of compromise. At the end of the day, this is an agreement that re-flects our basic principles—something that both Democrats and Republicans can support. It took a few extra days, but we got a very good agreement. I want to thank my friend, the ma-jority leader, Senator MCCONNELL . He worked very hard to get a good bill. I thank the chairmen and ranking mem-bers of the House-Senate Appropria-tions Committees, particularly Sen-ator L
EAHY from Vermont in our Chamber. I thank Speaker R
YAN and Leader P
ELOSI and all of their staff for working so hard last week and over the weekend to forge an agreement. I must tell you, and I must tell my colleagues, the negotiations between our two sides were consistently produc-tive and always respectful. Throughout the process, both Republican and Democratic Members and staff nego-tiated in good faith because we all wanted to get something done. I be-lieve this experience bodes well for the 2018 budget and future negotiations be-tween our two parties on appropria-tions. If we can show the same desire to get things done—the same mutual respect, the same ability to com-promise—we can get a darn good budg-et for the year 2018 without the specter of a government shutdown hanging over the country’s head. I wish to say one final thing. It shows that when our Republican colleagues are willing to work with us, we can get things done. All too often—particularly from the White House—this attitude is just do it our way, my way or the high-way. That is what happened on the healthcare bill—no consultation with Democrats. That is what happened on this little tax plan. When you don’t do things in a bipar-tisan way, it is much harder to pass things. It is much harder to get a prod-uct that is at the consensus of where America is. I hope that not only will this successful negotiation on the 2017 appropriations bill be a model for the 2018 bill but a broader model that we can all work together to get things done for the country we love. I expect we will vote on this bill later this week, and I believe it will receive overwhelming support in this Chamber. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRAPO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. ERNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. CRAPO. Madam President, I rise today in support of Jay Clayton, who has been nominated to serve on the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commis-sion. In the interest of time, I will save my longer remarks for later. As demonstrated at the Banking Committee’s nomination hearing, Mr. Clayton is eminently qualified to serve on the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. He impressed both Republicans and Democrats and was voted out of com-mittee on a bipartisan vote of 15 to 8. His extensive expertise and experience in our financial markets will be a ben-efit to the Commission and to the American people. His testimony about the need to make our capital markets more attrac-tive, which would rejuvenate their abil-ity to invest in the United States and grow and create jobs, was well re-ceived. Additionally, he pledged to members of this committee and to the American people that he will show no favoritism to anyone. While some have raised issues about his previous work potentially creating conflicts, Mr. Clayton is not new in this regard, nor will he be any less vigi-lant to ensure that he acts appro-priately and ethically. I will be supporting his nomination and look forward to having him at the SEC, where he can help protect and promote the success of our security markets and our investors. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is expired. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2021. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Tom Cotton, Dan Sullivan, Shelley Moore Capito, John Barrasso, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Rounds, Orrin G. Hatch, Bill Cassidy, Pat Roberts, Mike Crapo, Lamar Alexander, Richard Burr, John Thune, Jerry Moran, James E. Risch. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). By unanimous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01MY6.005 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2648 May 1, 2017 
of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Ex-change Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2021, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ). Mr. SCHUMER. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OR-
NYN). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 60, nays 36, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 117 Ex.] YEAS—60 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—36 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Durbin Flake Heller Isakson 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). On this vote, the yeas are 60, the nays are 36. The motion is agreed to. The assistant majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomi-nation of Jay Clayton to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Com-mission, Executive Calendar No. 36. On vote No. 117, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the motion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar No. 36.∑ f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–07, concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Kenya for defense articles and serv-ices estimated to cost $253 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures: 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–07 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Kenya. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0 million. Other $253 million. Total $253 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Maior Defense Equipment (MDE): None. Non-MDE: Twelve (12) MD 530F Weaponized Aircraft. Twenty-four (24) Heavy Machine Gun Pod (HMP) 400 Systems. Twenty-four (24) M260 Rocket Launchers. Four thousand and thirty-two (4,032) M151 Rockets. One thousand five hundred and thirty-six (1,536) 2.75–inch M274 Smoke signature War-head Rockets. Four hundred thousand (400,000) rounds of .50 Caliber Ammunition. Also included is communications and navi-gation equipment, contractor logistics sup-port, training, U.S. Government technical assistance, airframe and weapon system spare parts support. Contractor Field Service Representative (CFSR) support, and Special Airlift Assignment Mission (SAAM) flight delivery support. (iv) Military Department: Army (UDQ). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: May 1, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Kenya—MD 530 Aircraft The Government of Kenya has requested a possible sale of twelve (12) MD 530F weaponized aircraft to include twenty-four (24) Heavy Machine Gun Pod (HMP) 400 sys-tems; twenty-four (24) M260 rocket launch-ers; four thousand and thirty-two (4,032) M151 rockets; one thousand five hundred and thir-ty-six (1,536) 2.75-inch M274 smoke signature warhead rockets; and four hundred thousand (400,000) rounds of .50 caliber ammunition. Also included are communications and navi-gation equipment, contractor logistics sup-port, training, U.S. Government technical assistance, airframe and weapon system spare parts support, Contractor Field Service Representative (CFSR) support, and Special Assigned Airlift Mission (SAAM) flight deliv-ery support. The total estimated cost is $253 million. This proposed sale contributes to the for-eign policy and national security of the United States by improving the security of a strong regional partner who is a regional se-curity leader, undertaking critical oper-ations against al-Shabaab, and a troop con-tributor to the African Union Mission in So-malia (AMISOM). The proposed sale of the MD 530F heli-copters, weapons, ammunition, support items and technical support will advance Kenya’s efforts to conduct scout and attack rotary wing aircraft operations in support of their AMISOM mission. The MD 530F will also replace Kenya’s aging MD500 fleet, which is the current reconnaissance platform supporting Kenyan ground forces. This sale will significantly enhance the Kenyan Army’s modernization efforts and increase interoperability with the U.S. Armed Forces and other partners in the region. Addition-ally, a strong national defense and dedicated military force will assist Kenya in its efforts to maintain stability in East Africa. Kenya will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor will be MD Heli-copters, Mesa, AZ. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require the assignment of approximately twelve (12) additional contractor representa-tives in country for a period of 12 months. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01MY6.010 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2649 May 1, 2017 
NATIONAL SEERSUCKER DAY Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the seersucker manu-facturers and enthusiasts across the United States. The storied history of this uniquely American fashion dates back to 1909 when Joseph Haspel de-signed the first seersucker suit at his Broad Street facility in New Orleans. Louisiana is proud to have played an important part in introducing the country to seersucker apparel. During the hot summer months, Americans across the country have worn and enjoyed this lightweight cot-ton fabric, known for its signature pucker. Mr. Haspel said it best, ‘‘hot is hot, no matter what you do for a liv-ing.’’ In the 1990s, Members of this Chamber established Seersucker Day to honor this unique American fashion. I proudly resumed this tradition in 2014 in the U.S. House of Representatives by designating Wednesday, June 11, as Na-tional Seersucker Day. I have contin-ued this tradition in the U.S. Senate and wish to designate Thursday, June 8, as the fourth annual National Seer-sucker Day. I encourage everyone to wear seersucker on this day to com-memorate this iconic American cloth-ing. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
GLACIER NATIONAL PARK ∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, there is no place on this planet like the Crown of the Continent, Glacier National Park. For over 100 years, families have flocked to Glacier National Park to ex-perience the breathtaking views, unique wildlife, and the pristine land-scapes that can’t be found anywhere else on earth. In fact, last year, more than 2.3 mil-lion people visited Glacier National Park to hike above Lake McDonald, bike across the Continental Divide, and experience the Going to the Sun Road. Today we mark the next chapter of the distinctive history of Glacier Na-tional Park. Glacier National Park and Waterton Lakes National Park have collectively become the first trans-continental National Parks to secure ‘‘dark sky’’ status. To achieve this prestigious status, Glacier National Park has retrofitted nearly 30 percent of its light fixtures and is committing to continue to iden-tify ways to limit artificial light with-in the park. By achieving this status, Glacier and Waterton Lakes National Parks have provided the public with even more reasons to explore the outdoors in northwest Montana and southwest Al-berta. Not only do dark skies play an im-portant role in outdoor recreation and late-night stargazing, but they are critical to wildlife migrations and habitats within the parks. This wouldn’t be possible without Glacier Park superintendent Jeff Mow. Their leadership has ushered Glacier National Park into a new era and pro-vided millions of folks around the world with the opportunity to fall in love again with our great outdoors. Thank you again for your out-standing work.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO ROB OLIVER ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the distinguished ca-reer, service, and leadership of Augustana University president Rob Oliver. His 11 years of leadership as the 23rd president of Augustana University in Sioux Falls, SD, have highlighted his servant’s heart, visionary attitude, and passion for higher education. As he pre-pares for this next chapter in life, I would like to honor Rob’s dedication and efforts to not only continue the university’s rich history of providing students with a quality, liberal arts education, but also for his commitment to ensuring future students are given the opportunity to advance their stud-ies and given the foundation to live a life of purpose at Augustana Univer-sity. President Oliver joined the univer-sity after being incredibly involved in the Sioux Falls financial, business, and philanthropic community. For many years, Rob pursued efforts to improve the economic vitality of the region and was also active as a board member and devoted volunteer for many organiza-tions, including the board of trustees of then-Augustana College. Rob’s presidential tenure occurred during a time of uncertainty for many colleges and universities across the country. With the rising costs of higher education, enrollment challenges, na-tionwide economic troubles, and a growing discourse regarding the value of a college degree, many traditional institutions were struggling to chart a sustainable path forward. However, through President Oliver’s ability to inspire others, offer a stra-tegic vision, and execute a thorough plan of action, he has responded to those difficulties and strengthened Augustana’s mission to deliver a qual-ity, well-rounded experience for stu-dents, faculty, and staff. Under Rob’s direction, Augustana has attained a number of accomplishments. Many will point to the critical invest-ments in the Froiland Science Complex and Mikkelsen Library and others will point to record-setting monetary sup-port and vastly increased endowment and scholarship programs as remark-able accomplishments; yet it is also worthwhile to note the university’s ad-vancement of the Civitas honors pro-gram, new academic majors and cur-riculum, expanded undergraduate re-search, and an expansion of online of-ferings for undergraduate, graduate, and adult students. Additionally, the Center for Innovation and Entrepre-neurship and the Student Success Cen-ter were created to provide important strategic partnerships and vocational engagement. Knowing the university’s ability to attract students also depends on fac-tors and opportunities outside the scholastic realm. President Oliver’s era of leadership also included growth in the performing and visual arts, study abroad programs, and the construction and renovation of first-class, athletic facilities such as Kirkeby-Over Sta-dium, Ronken Field, and other projects through unprecedented, charitable gifts. The university has already seen the fruits of Rob’s diligent work. With en-rollment at a 26-year high, scholarships and financial aid for 100 percent of its fulltime students, two NCAA national championships, a well-respected place among the Nation’s top educational in-stitutions, and additional projects al-ready staged for the future, there is lit-tle doubt his 25 years as part of Augustana University, whether as a trustee, member of the faculty, or fi-nally as president, President Oliver’s outstanding legacy will leave an im-pact for many years to come. I wish Rob, his wife, Angela, and the entire family the very best as we cele-brate his service to Augustana Univer-sity and the people of South Dakota. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING HOOSIER CROSSFIT ∑Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, my home State of Indiana takes pride in its long tradition of Hoosier innovation and small business entrepreneurship. Hoo-sier businesses across Indiana strive to create quality products and services that become integral parts of their local communities. During National Small Business Week, I would like to take the opportunity to recognize one such small business. Located in Bloom-ington, IN, Hoosier CrossFit is well known for its strong commitment to its core values: community, quality, accountability, diligence, and integ-rity. As a member of the Senate Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship, I am pleased to recognize Hoosier CrossFit as one of Indiana’s outstanding small businesses during National Small Business Week. Hoosier CrossFit is owned and oper-ated by husband and wife Shaun and Jenna Tieman. The Tiemans, both born and raised in Indiana, are hard-working Hoosier entrepreneurs who opened Hoo-sier CrossFit, then an 1,800-square-foot facility with four gym members, in 2010. By 2013, Hoosier CrossFit had moved to a 5,600 square foot facility with 150 members. Today Hoosier CrossFit and the Tiemans are gearing up for yet another expansion as they plan to move their 200-member gym to a brand-new, 8,600 square foot facility in Bloomington. Hoosier CrossFit of-fers programs for all ages and abilities and the 200-member community spans in age from 8 years old to 75 years old. Hoosier CrossFit is not just to be ad-mired for its business success or the community of Hoosiers that it has in-spired and brought together over the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY6.022 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2650 May 1, 2017 
years. They are also to be commended for their community involvement, whether it be organizing its largest an-nual fundraiser, Murph, which honors U.S. Navy Seal Michael P. Murphy who was killed in action in Afghanistan, or raising over $30,000 for the American Red Cross and Wish for Our Heroes, Hoosier CrossFit is a small business that all Hoosiers can be proud of. I would like to extend my sincerest con-gratulations to the employees, owners, and entire community at Hoosier CrossFit for earning this recognition during National Small Business Week. You make our great State proud, and I look forward to watching your contin-ued growth and success.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on April 28, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker had signed the following en-rolled joint resolution: 
H.J. Res. 99 Joint resolution making fur-ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled joint resolution was signed on April 28, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment: S. 317. A bill to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and per-formance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–34). By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 652. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment re-garding deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children. S. 849. A bill to support programs for mos-quito-borne and other vector-borne disease surveillance and control. S. 916. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services. By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, without amendment: S. 920. A bill to establish a National Clin-ical Care Commission. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. P
ETERS , and Ms. H ARRIS ): S. 991. A bill to prohibit drilling in the Arc-tic Ocean; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself, Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 992. A bill to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to conduct an independent re-view of the deaths of certain veterans by sui-cide, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. P
AUL, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. S ASSE, and Mr. I
NHOFE ): S. 993. A bill to prohibit the Federal Com-munications Commission from reclassifying broadband Internet access service as a tele-communications service and from imposing certain regulations on providers of such serv-ice; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 994. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affili-ation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 995. A bill to provide for equitable com-pensation to the Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Reservation for the use of tribal land for the production of hydropower by the Grand Coulee Dam, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. HEINRICH: S. 996. A bill to improve college afford-ability; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CASEY: S. 997. A bill to permit employees to re-quest, and to ensure employers consider re-quests for, flexible work terms and condi-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 998. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to protect personally identifiable infor-mation and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. R EED, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. S
ANDERS , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ): S. 999. A bill to amend the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act to permanently pro-hibit the conduct of offshore drilling on the outer Continental Shelf in the Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, North Atlantic, and Straits of Florida planning areas; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. M
ARKEY ): S. 1000. A bill to amend the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 to expand cov-erage under the Act, to increase protections for whistleblowers, to increase penalties for high gravity violations, to adjust penalties for inflation, to provide rights for victims or their family members, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B URR, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C RUZ, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S COTT, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. Res. 148. A resolution congratulating the students, parents, teachers, and leaders of charter schools across the United States for making ongoing contributions to education, and supporting the ideals and goals of the 18th annual National Charter Schools Week, to be held May 1 through May 5, 2017; consid-ered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 180 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 180, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to reform and re-duce fraud and abuse in certain visa programs for aliens working tempo-rarily in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 307 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 307, a bill to enhance the database of emergency response capabilities of the Department of Defense. 
S. 324 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 324, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care serv-ices for veterans. 
S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that merchandise ar-riving through the mail shall be sub-ject to review by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and to require the provision of advance electronic infor-mation on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other purposes. 
S. 384 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 384, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 470 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 470, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to en-hance the Child and Dependent Care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01MY6.011 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2651 May 1, 2017 
Tax Credit and make the credit fully refundable. 
S. 568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 568, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a period of receipt of outpatient observa-tion services in a hospital toward satis-fying the 3-day inpatient hospital re-quirement for coverage of skilled nurs-ing facility services under Medicare. 
S. 593 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 593, a bill to amend the Pittman- Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to facilitate the establishment of addi-tional or expanded public target ranges in certain States. 
S. 652 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 652, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard- of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to women veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 720 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Administration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boy-cotts fostered by international govern-mental organizations against Israel and to direct the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 760 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 760, a bill to expand the Govern-ment’s use and administration of data to facilitate transparency, effective governance, and innovation, and for other purposes. 
S. 766 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 766, a bill to amend ti-tles 10 and 32, United States Code, to improve and enhance authorities relat-ing to the employment, use, status, and benefits of military technicians (dual status), and for other purposes. S. 784 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 784, a bill to provide for an increase, effective December 1, 2017, in the rates of compensation for vet-erans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the sur-vivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 845 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 845, a bill to protect sensitive community locations from harmful immigration enforcement ac-tion, and for other purposes. 
S. 849 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 849, a bill to support programs for mosquito-borne and other vector-borne disease surveillance and control. 
S. 856 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 856, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act to combat campus sex-ual assault, and for other purposes. 
S. 867 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 867, a bill to provide sup-port for law enforcement agency efforts to protect the mental health and well- being of law enforcement officers, and for other purposes. 
S. 916 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 916, a bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services. 
S. 920 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 920, a bill to establish a Na-tional Clinical Care Commission. 
S. 925 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 925, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the ability of health care professionals to treat veterans through the use of telemedicine, and for other purposes. 
S. 926 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. DAINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 926, a bill to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemora-tive work in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. 
S. 976 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 976, a bill to restore States’ sovereign rights to enforce State and local sales and use tax laws, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 12 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Con. Res. 12, a concur-rent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that those who served in the bays, harbors, and territorial seas of the Republic of Vietnam during the pe-riod beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, should be pre-sumed to have served in the Republic of Vietnam for all purposes under the Agent Orange Act of 1991. 
S. RES. 75 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 75, a resolution rec-ognizing the 100th anniversary of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, the largest organization of food and nu-trition professionals in the world. 
S. RES. 106 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 106, a resolution express-ing the sense of the Senate to support the territorial integrity of Georgia. 
S. RES. 114 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cospon-sors of S. Res. 114, a resolution express-ing the sense of the Senate on humani-tarian crises in Nigeria, Somalia, South Sudan, and Yemen. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 998. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to protect personally identifi-able information and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, in recent years the American people have lost trust in the Federal government to keep our personally identifiable infor-mation, or PII, secure. In June of 2015 the Office of Personnel Management was infiltrated with a major cyber breach, affecting more than 22 million current and former federal employees, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY6.009 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2652 May 1, 2017 
including myself. In January of 2016, another nearly half a million Ameri-cans had their social security numbers stolen when the Internal Revenue Serv-ice was hacked. I spent 28 years in the private sector, 12 years with a global cloud computing company. We faced cyber threats daily, and our customers expected security of their data. We delivered and not once was our data compromised. And we cer-tainly did not give it out voluntarily. When there is an opportunity to pro-tect our PII, we need to act on it and begin to rebuild trust with the Amer-ican people. In 1984, the public disclosure of cer-tain manifest information was required of Customs and Border Protection (CBP). The original intent was to in-crease competition, to facilitate better public analysis of import trends, and to allow port authorities and transpor-tation companies to more easily iden-tify potential customers and changes in their industries. However, in recent years, PII of relocating individuals, bringing their home goods back to the United States, has been released, ena-bling identity theft, credit card fraud, and unwanted solicitations. CBP does offer a process for con-sumers of shipping services to make their information confidential. How-ever, these forms typical take two months to process and are often proc-essed after the individual has moved. That is why I am introducing the Moving Americans Privacy Protection Act. This legislation will simply re-quire CBP to remove personally identi-fiable information from vessel manifest sheets before making them available for public disclosure. I believe the de-fault should be to protect peoples’ pri-vacy and automatically remove this personal information, rather than re-quiring citizens to make a request and hope the paperwork is processed in time. I want to thank Senator P
ETERS for being an original cosponsor of this bill. I ask my Senate colleagues to join us in support of this important legisla-tion. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 998 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Moving Americans Privacy Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROTECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFI-ABLE INFORMATION. 
Paragraph (2) of section 431(c) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1431(c)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2)(A) The information listed in paragraph (1) shall not be available for public disclo-sure if— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of the Treasury makes an affirmative finding on a shipment-by- shipment basis that disclosure is likely to pose a threat of personal injury or property damage; or ‘‘(ii) the information is exempt under the provisions of section 552(b)(1) of title 5 of the United States Code. ‘‘(B) The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall ensure that any personally identifiable information, includ-ing social security numbers, passport num-bers, and residential addresses, are removed from any manifest signed, produced, deliv-ered, or transmitted under this section be-fore the manifest is disclosed to the public.’’. f SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 148—CON-GRATULATING THE STUDENTS, PARENTS, TEACHERS, AND LEADERS OF CHARTER SCHOOLS ACROSS THE UNITED STATES FOR MAKING ONGOING CON-TRIBUTIONS TO EDUCATION, AND SUPPORTING THE IDEALS AND GOALS OF THE 18TH ANNUAL NATIONAL CHARTER SCHOOLS WEEK, TO BE HELD MAY 1 THROUGH MAY 5, 2017 Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B URR, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C RUZ, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S COTT, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. H ATCH ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 148 Whereas charter schools are public schools that do not charge tuition and enroll any student who wants to attend, often through a random lottery when the demand for en-rollment is outmatched by the supply of available charter school seats; Whereas high-performing public charter schools deliver a high-quality public edu-cation and challenge all students to reach the students’ potential for academic success; Whereas public charter schools promote in-novation and excellence in public education; Whereas public charter schools throughout the United States provide millions of fami-lies with diverse and innovative educational options for children of the families; Whereas high-performing public charter schools and charter management organiza-tions are increasing student achievement and attendance rates at institutions of high-er education; Whereas public charter schools are author-ized by a designated entity and— (1) respond to the needs of communities, families, and students in the United States; and (2) promote the principles of quality, ac-countability, choice, high performance, and innovation; Whereas, in exchange for flexibility and autonomy, public charter schools are held accountable by the authorizers of the char-ter schools for improving student achieve-ment and for sound financial and operational management; Whereas public charter schools are re-quired to meet the student achievement ac-countability requirements under the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) in the same man-ner as traditional public schools; Whereas public charter schools often set higher expectations for students, beyond the requirements of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), to ensure that the charter schools are of high quality and truly accountable to the public; Whereas 44 States and the District of Co-lumbia have enacted laws authorizing public charter schools; Whereas, as of the 2016–2017 school year, more than 6,950 public charter schools served more than 3,100,000 children; Whereas enrollment in public charter schools grew from 400,000 students in 2001 to 3,100,000 students in 2017, a sevenfold increase in 16 years; Whereas in the United States— (1) in 190 school districts, more than 10 per-cent of public school students are enrolled in public charter schools; and (2) in 17 school districts, at least 30 percent of public school students are enrolled in pub-lic charter schools; Whereas public charter schools improve the achievement of students enrolled in the charter schools and collaborate with tradi-tional public schools to improve public edu-cation for all students; Whereas public charter schools— (1) give parents the freedom to choose pub-lic schools; (2) routinely measure parental satisfaction levels; and (3) must prove the ongoing success of the charter schools to parents, policymakers, and the communities served by the charter schools or risk closure; Whereas a 2015 report from the Center for Research on Education Outcomes at Stan-ford University found significant improve-ments for students at urban charter schools, and compared to peers of traditional public schools, each year those students completed the equivalent of 28 more days of learning in reading and 40 more days of learning in mathematics; Whereas parental demand for charter schools is high, and there was an estimated 7 percent growth in charter school enroll-ment between fall 2015 and fall 2016; and Whereas the 18th annual National Charter Schools Week is scheduled to be celebrated the week of May 1 through May 5, 2017: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the students, families, teachers, leaders, and staff of public charter schools across the United States for— (A) making ongoing contributions to pub-lic education; (B) making impressive strides in closing the academic achievement gap in schools in the United States, particularly in schools with some of the most disadvantaged stu-dents in both rural and urban communities; and (C) improving and strengthening the public school system throughout the United States; (2) supports the ideals and goals of the 18th annual National Charter Schools Week, a week-long celebration to be held May 1 through May 5, 2017, in communities throughout the United States; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to hold appropriate programs, cere-monies, and activities during National Char-ter Schools Week to demonstrate support for public charter schools. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 209. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. C ORKER ) pro- posed an amendment to the bill S. 371, to make technical changes and other improve-ments to the Department of State Authori-ties Act, Fiscal Year 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY6.018 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2653 May 1, 2017 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 209. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. C
ORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 371, to make technical changes and other improvements to the Depart-ment of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017; as follows: 
On page 6, beginning on line 9, strike ‘‘and’’ and all that follows through line 17 and insert the following: (2) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) a comparison of the costs of current United Nations peacekeeping operations, in-cluding the costs incurred by the United States for such operations, and the esti-mated cost of such operations if imple-mented unilaterally by the United States;’’; (3) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (1), as amended by paragraph (2) of this section, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) an assessment of the operational, structural, and doctrinal differences between the military and civilian infrastructures of the United States and United Nations and other assumptions that impact cost esti-mates; and’’. f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF MAY 1, 2017, AS ‘‘SILVER STAR SERVICE BANNER DAY’’ Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be dis-charged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the con-sideration of S. Res. 135. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 135) expressing sup-port for the designation of May 1, 2017, as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 135) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of April 24, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE AUTHORI-TIES ACT, FISCAL YEAR 2017, IM-PROVEMENTS ACT Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 371 and the Senate proceed to its im-mediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 371) to make technical changes and other improvements to the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Corker amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 209) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To require that the comparative report on peacekeeping operations include an assessment of the operational, struc-tural, and doctrinal differences between the military and civilian infrastructures of the United States and United Nations and other assumptions that impact cost esti-mates) On page 6, beginning on line 9, strike ‘‘and’’ and all that follows through line 17 and insert the following: (2) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) a comparison of the costs of current United Nations peacekeeping operations, in-cluding the costs incurred by the United States for such operations, and the esti-mated cost of such operations if imple-mented unilaterally by the United States;’’; (3) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (1), as amended by paragraph (2) of this section, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) an assessment of the operational, structural, and doctrinal differences between the military and civilian infrastructures of the United States and United Nations and other assumptions that impact cost esti-mates; and’’. 
The bill (S. 371), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
S. 371 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, Improvements Act’’. 
SEC. 2. OVERSIGHT BY COMMITTEES ON APPRO-PRIATIONS. 
(a) O MNIBUS DIPLOMATIC SECURITY AND  A
NTITERRORISM ACT OF 1986.—Section 104(a) of the Omnibus Diplomatic Security and Antiterrorism Act of 1986, as added by sec-tion 101 of the Department of State Authori-ties Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 323), is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’. (b) A
NNUAL REPORT ON EMBASSY CONSTRUC -
TION COSTS.—Section 118(a) of the Depart-ment of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by in-serting ‘‘and the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives’’ after ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committees’’. (c) O
VERSIGHT OF AND ACCOUNTABILITY FOR  P
EACEKEEPER ABUSES .—Section 301(a) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committees’’. (d) WORKFORCE RIGHTSIZING REPORT .—Sec- tion 405(c) of the Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘ap-propriate congressional committees’’. (e) C
ONSULAR IMMUNITY .—Subsection (b)(2) of section 4 of the Diplomatic Relations Act (22 U.S.C. 254c), as added by section 501 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323), is amended by striking ‘‘of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations’’ and inserting ‘‘and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations’’. (f) W
ESTERN HEMISPHERE DRUG POLICY  C
OMMISSION REPORT .—Section 602(c) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and the Committee on Ap-propriations’’ after ‘‘Committee on Foreign Affairs’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and the Committee on Ap-propriations’’ after ‘‘Committee on Foreign Relations’’; 
SEC. 3. PEACEKEEPING TRAINING. 
Section 301 of the Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘enhance the discovery’’ and inserting ‘‘investigate al-legations’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘ade-quately respond to complaints about such of-fenses by carrying out swift and effective disciplinary action against the personnel’’ and inserting ‘‘appropriately hold account-able personnel’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing compensation to victims, as appropriate’’ after ‘‘responses to such offenses’’; (2) in subsection (f)(2), by striking ‘‘any in-dividual who commits an act’’ and inserting ‘‘personnel who are found to have committed acts’’; and (3) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘note-worthy’’. 
SEC. 4. QUALIFICATIONS OF THE UNITED NA-TIONS SECRETARY GENERAL. 
Section 310 of the Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘The de-scriptions referred to in subsection (a) shall include the following elements’’ and insert-ing ‘‘In addition to the descriptions referred to in subsection (a), each such candidate shall be urged to describe the following’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘such l’’ and inserting ‘‘such agenda’’. 
SEC. 5. POLICY REGARDING THE UNITED NA-TIONS HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL. 
Section 311(a)(2) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–323) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(E) which has been designated as a Tier 3 country in the annual Department of State Trafficking in Persons Report under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107); or ‘‘(F) which is identified as having failed to prevent or address gross violations of human rights in the annual Department of State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY6.021 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2654 May 1, 2017 
Human Rights Report under the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 and the Trade Act of 1974.’’. 
SEC. 6. COMPARATIVE REPORT ON PEACE-KEEPING OPERATIONS. 
Section 313 of the Department of State Au-thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘appropriate con-gressional committees’’; (2) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) a comparison of the costs of current United Nations peacekeeping operations, in-cluding the costs incurred by the United States for such operations, and the esti-mated cost of such operations if imple-mented unilaterally by the United States;’’; (3) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (1), as amended by paragraph (2) of this section, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) an assessment of the operational, structural, and doctrinal differences between the military and civilian infrastructures of the United States and United Nations and other assumptions that impact cost esti-mates; and’’. 
SEC. 7. LATERAL ENTRY INTO THE FOREIGN SERVICE. 
Section 404(a) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by striking ‘‘out-standing’’. 
SEC. 8. COMBATING INTOLERANCE. 
The section heading of section 419 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by striking ‘‘ANTI-SEMITISM’’ and inserting ‘‘INTOLERANCE’’. 
SEC. 9. TECHNICAL CORRECTION REGARDING COMPLETION OF WESTERN HEMI-SPHERE DRUG POLICY COMMISSION REPORT. 
Section 603(f)(1) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by striking ‘‘section 362’’ and inserting ‘‘section 602(c)’’. 
SEC. 10. BROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS. 
Section 703(b)(2) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–323) is amended by striking ‘‘any significant restructuring,’’. 
SEC. 11. RANSOMS TO FOREIGN TERRORIST OR-GANIZATIONS. 
Section 709(a) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323) is amended by inserting ‘‘, to the extent practicable,’’ before ‘‘transmit’’. 
SEC. 12. RESTORATION OF TIBET REPORT. 
Section 613 of the Foreign Relations Au-thorization Act, Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–228, 22 U.S.C. 6901 note), as amended by section 715(b)(1) of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–323), is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘I
NGEN-
ERAL ’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘P OL-
ICY.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as para-graph (2) and moving such paragraph, as so redesignated, two ems to the right; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) P
ERIODIC REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, Improvements Act, and annually thereafter until December 31, 2021, the Presi-dent shall transmit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report on— ‘‘(1) the steps taken by the President and the Secretary in accordance with subsection (a)(1); and ‘‘(2) the status of any discussions between the People’s Republic of China and the Dalai Lama or his representatives.’’. f CONGRATULATING THE STUDENTS, PARENTS, TEACHERS, AND LEADERS OF CHARTER SCHOOLS ACROSS THE UNITED STATES FOR MAKING ONGOING CON-TRIBUTIONS TO EDUCATION Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 148, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 148) congratulating the students, parents, teachers, and leaders of charter schools across the United States for making ongoing contributions to edu-cation, and supporting the ideals and goals of the 18th annual National Charter Schools Week, to be held May 1 through May 5, 2017. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 148) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 2, 2017 Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 2; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to execu-tive session to resume consideration of the Clayton nomination, with the time until 12:30 p.m. equally divided in the usual form; further, that the Senate re-cess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings; finally, that all time during re-cess, adjournment, morning business, and leader remarks count postcloture on the Clayton nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order, following the remarks of the Senator from Florida, Mr. NELSON . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Florida is recog-nized. 
f 
GULF OF MEXICO OIL DRILLING MORATORIUM Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, there has been a longstanding question of whether there would be drilling for oil in the eastern Gulf of Mexico off of the State of Florida. This had been settled in law 10 years ago. Then, my colleague Senator Mel Martinez and I passed a portion of leg-islation called GOMESA. That portion of the legislation put the drilling off of Florida in the eastern Gulf—everything east of a north-south line called the Military Mission Line, which is a line running south of approximately Fort Walton Beach—everything east of that is off limits in law to any kind of oil drilling activity, along with the re-mainder of the coast of Florida; 125 miles from the coast going all the way over to Pensacola and to the Perdido River, which is the Alabama-Florida line. The reasons for this are many, but not the least of which is called the Military Mission Line. That area of the Gulf off of Florida is the largest testing and training area for the United States military in the world. Compared to other testing ranges, such as the Ne-vada Test Site—it dwarfs that site. As we can see, from north to south, we have ranges as far as 300 miles from east to west. For example, off of Naples, FL, all the way west to the Military Mission Line is approximately 250 miles. That has been needed by our U.S. military because of the testing and training. It has been doubted over the years as the relentless pursuit of oil drilling by the oil industry has tried to erode into that, and that is why, in a bipartisan way, Senator Martinez and I put in law for the period of years through 2022, from when we passed this back in 2006, it off limits. The question is, What is coming afterward? Well, of course if it is up to the Department of Defense, there will be no oil drilling activity. That is what I wanted to bring to the attention of the Senate today. Two previous Secretaries of Defense in Republican administrations, includ-ing Secretary Rumsfeld, have written letters to state the policy that any oil- related activity in that testing and training range would be incompatible with the mission of the testing and training of the U.S. military. The reason I am bringing this to the attention of the Senate today is that a letter signed by the Acting Under Sec-retary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness has just come into my pos-session. A gentleman named Mr. A.M. Kurta writes: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY6.028 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2655 May 1, 2017 
I have been asked to respond to your let-ter— 
This is to Congressman M ATT G
AETZ — 
on behalf of the Secretary of Defense. 
This is regarding the maintaining of the moratorium on oil and gas activi-ties in the Gulf of Mexico beyond the year 2022. The letter states: 
The Department of Defense (DoD) cannot overstate the vital importance of maintain-ing this moratorium. 
Why is that? The letter goes on to ex-plain not only the necessity of which so many of our bases in the area—Tyn-dall Air Force Base in Panama City, all the testing and training of the F–22, the training of our pilots there; Eglin Air Force Base, the testing and the training of the pilots for the F–35. Re-member, the F–35 is being sold to many foreign nations, the testing and train-ing of those pilots, as well, but now, with new technologies—I quote from the letter: 
Emerging technologies such as hypersonics, autonomous systems, and ad-vanced sub-surface systems will require en-larged testing and training footprints, and increased DoD reliance on the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act’s moratorium beyond 2022. The moratorium is essential for devel-oping and sustaining our nation’s future combat capabilities. 
So I think it is pretty clear. There is one other issue. This all fol-lows the fact that this Senator filed a bill last January to extend this mora-torium. I will point out that just re-cently a bipartisan delegation from Florida—a majority of the Members of the Florida delegation, bipartisan— signed a letter to the Department of the Interior and the Department of De-fense requesting the extension of this moratorium in law past the year 2022. The response from the Department of Defense has come today. There is one further issue, and that is, if it is off limits to oil drilling in law, is there any question that it ought to be off limits to seismic testing? To the author of the original legislation 10 years ago, that should be clear, but— therefore we ought to clarify it. The re-quest of the Department of Defense is: 
[A] question arose concerning whether Congress intended the moratorium to pro-hibit even geological and geophysical survey activities in the eastern Gulf. We would wel-come clarification from Congress concerning this matter. 
So it will be this Senator’s intent, joining in a bipartisan way with col-leagues from Florida, to get that clari-fication in extending the moratorium. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the letter be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
WASHINGTON , DC, A PRIL 26, 2017. Hon. M
ATTGAETZ , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE GAETZ : Thank you for your letter dated March 24, 2017, regard-ing maintaining the moratorium on oil and gas activities in the Gulf of Mexico beyond 2022. Since military readiness falls under my purview, I have been asked to respond to your letter on behalf of the Secretary of De-fense. The Department of Defense (DoD) can-not overstate the vital importance of main-taining this moratorium. National security and energy security are inextricably linked and the DoD fully sup-ports the development of our nation’s domes-tic energy resources in a manner that is compatible with military testing, training, and operations. As mentioned in your letter, the complex of eastern Gulf of Mexico oper-ating areas and warning areas provides crit-ical opportunities for advanced weapons test-ing and joint training exercises. The morato-rium on oil and gas ‘‘leasing, pre-leasing, and other related activities’’ ensures that these vital military readiness activities may be conducted without interference and is crit-ical to their continuation. Emerging tech-nologies such as hypersonics, autonomous systems, and advanced sub-surface systems will require enlarged testing and training footprints, and increased DoD reliance on the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act’s moratorium beyond 2022. The moratorium is essential for developing and sustaining our nation’s future combat capabilities. Since signing the 1983 ‘‘Memorandum of Agreement Between the Department of De-fense and the Department of the Interior on Mutual Concerns on the Outer Continental Shelf,’’ the two departments have worked co-operatively to ensure offshore resource de-velopment is compatible with military readi-ness activities. During recent discussions be-tween the DoD and the Department of the In-terior’s Bureau of Ocean Energy Manage-ment, a question arose concerning whether Congress intended the moratorium to pro-hibit even geological and geophysical survey activities in the eastern Gulf. We would wel-come clarification from Congress concerning this matter. On behalf of the Secretary, I appreciate your interest in sustaining our testing and training activities in the eastern Gulf of Mexico. Sincerely, A.M. KURTA , Performing the Duties of the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Personnel and Read-iness. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, in con-clusion, we can’t have oil drilling, not only for our national security and the testing and training of our most so-phisticated weapons systems in the Gulf off of Florida, but also we couldn’t stand it if we had another oil spill that would do to us what the last one did. It was a spill way far west off of Lou-isiana, but it drifted to the east and blackened the sugary white sands of Pensacola Beach and Destin Beach, and there were tar balls as far east as Pan-ama City Beach. Because of that, we lost an entire season of our guests, our tourists. They did not come to the Gulf Coast of Florida, not just in the Flor-ida panhandle but all the way south down the Gulf to Naples and to Marco Island—a $60 billion per year tourism industry for Florida’s economy. We can’t suffer that kind of shock again. So whether it be the degradation of the environment, the messing up of the training and testing of our U.S. mili-tary and their largest testing and training range, or the devastating eco-nomic loss to Florida of its tourism in-dustry—for all those reasons, we need to pass this legislation. It will be com-ing forth in a bipartisan fashion. Mr. President, I yield the floor. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:49 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, May 2, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate May 01, 2017: 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) RICHARD A. BROWN REAR ADM. (LH) JAMES S. BYNUM REAR ADM. (LH) DARYL L. CAUDLE REAR ADM. (LH) RICHARD A. CORRELL REAR ADM. (LH) RANDY B. CRITES REAR ADM. (LH) DANIEL H. FILLION REAR ADM. (LH) COLLIN P. GREEN REAR ADM. (LH) MARY M. JACKSON REAR ADM. (LH) JAMES W. KILBY REAR ADM. (LH) JAMES J. MALLOY REAR ADM. (LH) JOHN W. TAMMEN, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. KEVIN M. JONES CAPT. THOMAS J. MOREAU 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. DAVID G. BELLON BRIG. GEN. PATRICK J. HERMESMANN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. EDWARD D. BANTA BRIG. GEN. ROBERT F. CASTELLVI BRIG. GEN. MATTHEW G. GLAVY BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL S. GROEN BRIG. GEN. KEVIN M. IIAMS BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM F. MULLEN III BRIG. GEN. GREGG P. OLSON BRIG. GEN. ERIC M. SMITH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHAEL S. MARTIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JAMES H. ADAMS III COL. ERIC E. AUSTIN COL. JAY M. BARGERON COL. MICHAEL J. BORGSCHULTE COL. WILLIAM J. BOWERS COL. DIMITRI HENRY COL. KEITH D. REVENTLOW COL. ROBERTA L. SHEA COL. BENJAMIN T. WATSON COL. CHRISTIAN F. WORTMAN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. BRYAN P. FENTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G01MY6.017 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2656 May 1, 2017 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DARRELL K. WILLIAMS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. DAVID H. LEWIS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. MATHIAS W. WINTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) STEVEN L. PARODE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) JOHN P. POLOWCZYK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) JON A. HILL REAR ADM. (LH) GORDON D. PETERS 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF RAYMOND C. JONES III, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER E. AUSTIN, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ROBERT D. HOUGHTELING AND ENDING WITH CARL H. SPEARS, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LISA ANN BANYASZ AND ENDING WITH JULIE L. WIBLE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LORI J. BETTERS AND ENDING WITH LISA S. SHEAR, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JAMES A. CRIDER, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSE E. BARRERA AND ENDING WITH DAVID H. ZONIES, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KRISTIN L. ADER AND ENDING WITH CHRISTOPHER C. VANNATTA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GREGG MI-CHAEL CAGGIANELLI AND ENDING WITH WILLIAM SCOTT WIECHER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PATRICK W. ALBRECHT AND ENDING WITH STEPHEN S. YOON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF STEPHEN N. LUKER, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TYLER J. BANACHOWSKI AND ENDING WITH MARITA N. ZGURI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JONI A. AB-BOTT AND ENDING WITH DANIELLE C. YUEN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL J. ALFARO AND ENDING WITH SARA M. WILSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JESSICA L. ABBOTT AND ENDING WITH HEATH D. WRIGHT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH COREY R. ANDERSON AND ENDING WITH ANDREW J. STOY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH EDWARD R. ANDERSON III AND ENDING WITH RAMON YAMBO ARIAS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PATRICK M. ALBRITTON AND ENDING WITH RAY A. ZUNIGA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NEIL R. COPELAND AND ENDING WITH OLIVIA M. VAUGHAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 6, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF ROBERT P. MCCOY, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF ALLEN R. HENDERSON, JR., TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF GEORGE L. BURNETT, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL . AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF DION R. DIXON, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF REBECCA A. LIPE, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF MICHAEL N. TESFAY, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF MEGAN G. K. STEELE, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RYAN W. ABNER AND ENDING WITH BREANCA G. YOUNG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 6, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ALLEN SETH ABRAMS AND ENDING WITH THOMAS BENJAMIN WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 6, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHAD A. BELLAMY AND ENDING WITH ANDREW L. THORNLEY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 6, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AIMEE L. ALVIAR AND ENDING WITH DAVID A. WHITEHORN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 6, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH WILLIE J. BABOR AND ENDING WITH MAUREEN SCHELLIE WOOD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 6, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH HECTOR L. COLONCOLON AND ENDING WITH KEVIN L. LOCKETT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 6, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BETH M. BAYKAN AND ENDING WITH WILLIAM T. WILSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 6, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF MARTIN J. HAMILTON, TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL A. BLACKBURN AND ENDING WITH JASON S. WRACHFORD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 6, 2017. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF SCOTT C. APLING, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF PATRICIA L. GEORGE, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ADAM J. POINTS, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF LARRY G. WORKMAN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ROBERT J. DUNLAP, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF WAYNE O. DEHANEY, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOHNATHAN T. PARCHEM, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JACOB P. ABSALON AND ENDING WITH G010445, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARK P. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH G010388, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CON-GRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AMIR A. ABUAKEEL AND ENDING WITH D013352, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH VANESSA R. ASMUS AND ENDING WITH D013007, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF MICHAEL C. FLYNN, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF STEVE L. MARTINELLI, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KENNETH AHORRIO AND ENDING WITH PAUL W. ZIEGLER III, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TOLULOPE O. ADEYEMI AND ENDING WITH D013595, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PAUL J. E. AUCHINCLOSS AND ENDING WITH D012628, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RACHEL A. ACCIACCA AND ENDING WITH LAUREN E. WHITE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER J. BROWN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DANIEL B. KING AND ENDING WITH TODD E. WAINMAN, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 27, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOHN J. BOTTORFF, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF EUGENE L. THOMAS III, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOHN T. BLEIGH, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JEFFREY D. BUCK, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MICHAEL W. PRECZEWSKI, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CANDY BOPARAI AND ENDING WITH LINCOLN F. WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHARLES J. HASELBY AND ENDING WITH JASON T. RAMSPOTT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF ALEXANDER M. WILLARD, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER K. BERTHOLD, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF PRESTON H. LEONARD, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF NICOLE E. USSERY, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MICHAEL D. BAKER, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRIDGET V. KMETZ, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH VEDNER BELLOT AND ENDING WITH JAMES ROBINSON, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ANGELA L. FUNARO AND ENDING WITH CHAD HACKLEY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRIAN R. HARKI, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JONATHAN L. BOURIAQUE AND ENDING WITH DAVID A. LANGER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TIMOTHY L. BAER AND ENDING WITH GERALD R. WHITE, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF JAMES V. CRAWFORD, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MOHAMMED S. AZIZ, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF SETH C. LYDEM, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER C. OSTBY, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF CALVIN E. FISH, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF AARON E. LANE, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF DAMIEN BOFFARDI, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF RANDY D. DORSEY, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BENJAMIN R. SMITH AND ENDING WITH STALIN R. SUBRAMANIAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF MARK W. HOPKINS, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH THOMAS R. MATELSKI AND ENDING WITH JOSHUA H. WALKER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF MARK B. HOWELL, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JULIO COLONGONZALEZ, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JASON N. BUL-LOCK AND ENDING WITH GERALD A. NUNZIATO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF JENNIFER A. MCAFEE, TO BE 
COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF NINA R. COPELAND, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF CALVIN E. TOWNSEND, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF SCOTT A. MCDONALD, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF THOMAS P. LUKINS, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF SCOTT M. MCFARLAND, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JEFFREY A. MILLER, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOSEPH M. KILONZO, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRANDI A. SCHUYLER, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DAVID J. KACZMAREK, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A01MY6.001 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2657 May 1, 2017 
ARMY NOMINATION OF JONATHAN A. JOHNSON, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAMES A. BEN-SON AND ENDING WITH WILLIAM M. YANEK II, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 6, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF CRYSTAL J. SMITH, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DANA B. LOVE, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF DOUGLAS A. MCKEWAN, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DAVID M. WALLACE, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF LISA M. PATTON, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF BASIL J. CATANZARO, TO BE COLONEL. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAN-IEL E. ALGER, JR. AND ENDING WITH JESSICA M. WALL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ANIS A. ABUZEID AND ENDING WITH CRAIG A. ZOELLNER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAN-IEL W. ANNUNZIATA AND ENDING WITH LEAH R. PARROTT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF JAMES R. REUSSE, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSE M. ACEVEDO AND ENDING WITH FRANCISCO X. ZAVALA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH HENRY CENTENO, JR. AND ENDING WITH JAMES L. SHELTON, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF RICHARD K. O’BRIEN, TO BE MAJOR. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MI-CHAEL J. ALLEN AND ENDING WITH CHRISTOPHER T. HAMBRICK, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JER-EMY T. FLANNERY AND ENDING WITH MARK L. OLDROYD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF JOSEPH W. HOCKETT, TO BE MAJOR. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH FRAN-CISCO D. AMAYA AND ENDING WITH TYSON E. PETERS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MI-CHAEL M. DODD AND ENDING WITH ROBERT J. SNODDY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF DAVID S. GERSEN, TO BE MAJOR. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF JOHN W. GLINSKY, TO BE MAJOR. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF KEITH A. STEVENSON, TO BE MAJOR. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH QUEN-TIN R. CARRITT AND ENDING WITH ERIC A. SHARPE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AN-THONY P. GREEN AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL A. YOUNG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF STUART M. BARKER, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICH-ARD CANEDO AND ENDING WITH DAVID L. OGDEN, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF JOHN E. SIMPSON III, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF SEAN T. HAYS, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LUKE A. CROUSON AND ENDING WITH JASON C. FLORES, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AR-LINGTON A. FINCH, JR. AND ENDING WITH KEVIN M. TSCHERCH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STE-PHEN J. ACOSTA AND ENDING WITH DONALD R. WRIGHT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSH-UA P. BAHR AND ENDING WITH JANHENDRIK C. ZURLIPPE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN T. BROWN, JR. AND ENDING WITH JULIUS G. JONES, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ELI J. BRESSLER AND ENDING WITH JAMES R. STRAND, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHADWICK W. ARDIS AND ENDING WITH BRAD J. WILDE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF DUANE A. GUMBS, TO BE MAJOR. IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF AARON B. MAYER, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF JOHN J. KITT, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JORGE R. BALARES, JR. AND ENDING WITH BRANDON M. ZOSS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. NAVY NOMINATION OF MARY E. LINNELL, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SPENCER M. BURK AND ENDING WITH BRIANNA S. WHITTEMORE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KIRK J. HIPPENSTEEL AND ENDING WITH JOHN M. RUGGERO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 4, 2017. NAVY NOMINATION OF EVITA M. SALLES, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF JOHN P. H. RUE, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL W. AMECHE AND ENDING WITH JOSHUA J. WHITLOW, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 6, 2017. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RACHEL E. CAR-TER AND ENDING WITH KEVIN D. KEITH, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 6, 2017. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MAUER BISCOTTI III AND ENDING WITH ADAM J. SUSMARSKI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 6, 2017. NAVY NOMINATION OF DONALD V. WILSON, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF MICHAEL A. WINSLOW, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH HORACIO G. TAN AND ENDING WITH DERRICK A. THOMAS, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 6, 2017. NAVY NOMINATION OF NATALIE C. O. GILLIVER, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF JOHN F. SHARPE, TO BE COM-MANDER. NAVY NOMINATION OF REANN S. MOMMSEN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A01MY6.003 S01MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE571 May 1, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF LIEUTENANT JASON MARTIN 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I honor Lieutenant Jason Martin of the Springfield Township Ambulance Corps. Lieutenant Martin grew up around the ambulance corps—often acting as a patient in training exercises when he was young. He has demonstrated his devo-tion for protecting his community through his work. As a pillar of Springfield Township, Lieuten-ant Martin has rightly been nominated as EMT of the Year as part of the 25th Annual Spring-field Loyalty Day. I thank Lieutenant Martin for his service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONALD WATERS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Donald Waters of Cumberland, Iowa, for receiving the 2016 Top Soybean Producer Award in the United States. This honor is given by Asgrow, a division of the Monsanto Corporation. Asgrow started the national yield competition in 2012 to encourage soybean growers to in-crease their yield limits. By using the Asgrow brand, Donald achieved a yield of 87.6 bushels per acre. He competed with farmers from 21 states across the country. The competition is open to all farmers who use the Asgrow brand. Jesse Hamonic, DeKalb/Asgrow Brand Lead said he is proud of Donald’s management skills in achieving this high yield record. Mr. Speaker, I commend and congratulate Donald for receiving this outstanding award and for his many years of dedicated and de-voted service to the agriculture community. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Donald for his many accomplishments and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RABBI MICHAEL SCHWAB 
HON. BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of my dear friend, Rabbi Michael Schwab of North Suburban Synagogue Beth El in Highland Park, IL, and the celebration of his thirteenth year of service to the congrega-tion and our community. I met Rabbi Schwab when he first came to our community and immediately appreciated his compassion, his spirit and his ability to make all around him feel special. Over the years, I have come to further appreciate his leadership and wisdom, often turning to him, for guidance. Rabbi Schwab leads by example through his keen understanding of Jewish values, strong advocacy for the importance of the U.S.-Israel relationship, and unwavering dedi-cation for his community. Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Rabbi Schwab began his studies at Rutgers Univer-sity, and later received his ordination from the Jewish Theological Seminary of America and MA in Jewish Education from the William Da-vidson Graduate School of Education. Beyond the classroom, he gained additional experi-ence through the Clinical Pastoral Education Program at Penn Foundation for Mental Health and time studying in Israel at the He-brew University, Machon Schechter and the Conservative Yeshiva. As a Chicago Global Justice Fellow for American Jewish World Service, Rabbi Schwab is a tireless protector and promoter of human rights, and he shares his views on eth-ical issues as a scholar for Jewish Values On-line. He is an engaged member of the commu-nity, serving on the AIPAC National Council, the Chicago Board of Rabbis Executive Coun-cil, as a member of the Board of Directors of Solomon Schechter Day School, among oth-ers. Through North Suburban Synagogue Beth El, Rabbi Schwab serves over 1,100 families. This synagogue was founded in 1948 as the first Conservative congregation on the North Shore of Chicago. Rabbi Schwab is married to Erica, a behav-ioral therapist and teacher of children with de-velopmental disabilities, and they are the proud parents of four children: Ari, Liana, Noa and Miri. On behalf of Illinois’s Tenth Congressional District, I congratulate Rabbi Schwab for his service and look forward to his continued con-tributions to the life of our community. f 
CONGRATULATING PALATINE 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Palatine on being named one of the safest cities in the United States. The Vil-lage of Palatine was named the fifty-first safest city on Neighborhood Scout’s list of America’s 100 Safest Cities. Working together, law enforcement, local of-ficials, and the community have made Palatine a safer place to live, work, and raise a family. The residents of Palatine should never under-estimate the impact that each citizen’s positive actions can have. Every day there are mem-bers of the community helping to change lives, while also inspiring their peers to do the same. I would be remiss to not also mention the wonderful job of the Palatine Police and Fire Departments. Day in and day out the men and women of the Palatine Police and Fire Depart-ments risk their lives to protect their commu-nity. Their bravery and courage are very de-serving of our recognition and admiration and I am pleased to see their service has led to Palatine being named one of the safest cities in America. Mr. Speaker and Distinguished Colleagues, please join me in recognizing the Village of Palatine, Illinois and congratulating them on being named one of the safest cities in Amer-ica. f 
A TRIBUTE TO BURBANK TEMPLE EMANU EL’S 70TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Burbank Temple Emanu El upon its 70th Anniversary. The Burbank Temple Emanu El (BTEE) is a progressive-minded, egalitarian synagogue serving Burbank and the greater San Fernando Valley. Its rich his-tory steeps in the tenets and traditions of American Conservative Judaism dating back to 1947. Since its founding, BTEE has fos-tered a vibrant Jewish presence in our com-munity and has grown from a one-room nurs-ery on Grismer Avenue to a full-service temple with numerous programs and activities for all ages. Today, BTEE is equipped with an award- winning Early Childhood Center, Hebrew School, and Adult Education program and en-courages member participation throughout the year with weekly services, holy celebrations, simchas, and service projects. Members can also engage in tikkun olam (fixing the world) through the Temple’s Social Action Committee which strengthens the congregation’s ties with the surrounding community. The time, energy, and care that this temple has given to its members and the community are extraordinary and would not be possible without the dedicated and exceptional clergy, leadership, volunteers and staff of BTEE. At this time, I ask all Members to join with me in congratulating Burbank Temple Emanu El upon 70 years of service to the Burbank community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01MY8.001 E01MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE572 May 1, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND LEG-ACY OF MR. STAN GOOCH AND THE IMPACT HE HAD ON BOY’S BASKETBALL IN MICHIGAN 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United States House of Representatives join me in recognizing Mr. Stan Gooch, of Grand Blanc, for his tremendous, lasting impact in the field of basketball in the Flint area, as well as the State of Michigan as a whole. Anyone who knew Stan will tell you that he was much more than a coach to our community. He was a man who loved his players and truly loved the game of basketball. As the Member of Con-gress representing the Fifth District of Michi-gan, I am honored to recognize his life and to have represented Stan. In 2008, Stan was inducted into the National High School Athletic Coaches Hall of Fame after building a legendary basketball program over the span of 41 years, retiring in 2000. Throughout his four decade-long career, he established himself as a genius coaching high school basketball and was recognized and re-spected for his skills by colleagues. During his career, he led his Flint Central basketball team to three straight Class A State Champion-ships, from 1981 to 1983. This success, many of his fans believe, is attributed to a coaching system of ‘organized chaos.’ Former players saw him as ‘‘one of the greatest high school coaches in this area.’’ Not only was he inducted into the National High School Athletic Coaches Hall of Fame, Stan’s stellar career gained him entrance into the Greater Flint Area Sports Hall of Fame, the Michigan Basketball Coaches Association Hall of Fame, and the Michigan High School Coaches Association Hall of Fame. It is worth noting, though, that he went beyond simply being his players’ coach. He established him-self as a mentor to several of the young men he coached, staying in their lives even after high school. He was also responsible for molding some of these high school students into successful, professional athletes. For these and many other reasons, I feel compelled to honor the life of Stan Gooch. I hope that his legacy, as a coach and a man, will never be forgotten. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE 2017 EARLHAM HIGH SCHOOL JAZZ BAND 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Earlham High School Jazz Band for being named the Iowa Class 2A State Jazz Band Champions. I would like to congratulate each member of the band: Band Members: Austin Griswold—Alto Saxophone, Eva Fisk—Alto Saxophone, Garret Taylor—Tenor Saxophone, Kaylee Hohertz—Tenor Saxo-phone, Kaylie Johnson—Tenor Saxophone, John Tibben—Baritone Saxophone, Tate Ras-mussen—Trombone, Natassja Reed—Trom-bone, Joshua Woolcott—Trombone, Jake Willem—Trombone, Gabe LeGrand—Trom-bone, McKenzie Von Rentzell—Trumpet, Kelsey Tibbs—Trumpet, Nick Coon—Trumpet, Ehlana Brown—Trumpet, Garion Brown— Trumpet, Haley LeGrand—Trumpet, Grant Becker—Guitar, Stephen Woolcott—Bass, Harrison Miller—Drums, Clay Griswold— Drums, Ashlynne Cutting—Piano, Elisabeth Evans—Vibes. Director: Nate Sletten. Mr. Speaker, the band’s success this year is a testament of their hard work, perseverance, and teamwork. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating these young men and women and their director for being crowned the 2017 Iowa Class 2A Jazz Band Champions and in wishing them all nothing but continued success. f 
HONORING RETIRING BURBANK MAYOR HARRY KLEIN 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mayor Harry Klein who is retiring after serving the City of Burbank as their mayor for 26 years. Mayor Klein was first appointed mayor in 1991 after the previous mayor resigned due to health concerns. He was subsequently elected to six consecutive terms starting in 1993. He has been a resident of Burbank since 1964 and raised three children in the community. He now has seven grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. As the Mayor of Burbank, Harry has been especially active on infrastructure issues, a priority for the residents of Burbank. He was instrumental in paving sidewalks all throughout the community. He also prioritized the installa-tion of street lights in Burbank, significantly in-creasing the walkability and safety of the city. Mayor Klein has represented the interests of the residents of Burbank very well over these 26 years. He personally answered his con-stituents’ phone calls and did his absolute best to solve whatever problems they had. In his city of 29,000 he knows many residents by name and will speak with them on the street whenever he can. Just recently I witnessed the love that residents have for Harry as they greeted him at Opening Day at Burbank Amer-ican and Burbank National Little Leagues. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mayor Harry Klein for his public service and congratulate him on his achieve-ments. He is well deserving of praise for the energy he has dedicated to improving the lives of the residents of Burbank. I wish him the best in his retirement. HASSON REDDICK FIRST ROUND NFL DRAFT PICK HON. DWIGHT EVANS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, right now, the NHL playoffs are going on but my Philadelphia Flyers are sitting in the penalty box, and as NBA teams seek the title in the NBA playoffs, sadly the Sixers have fouled out. But Philadel-phians fear not! Hasson Reddick, a proud member of the Temple football team gives us all something to cheer for—because not only did he graduate already but he was picked in the First Round of the NFL DRAFT at number 13—lucky number 13. I want to extend my congratulations to Hasson Reddick. Hasson Reddick graduated from Temple University in Philadelphia with a degree in Criminal Justice in December 2016. As you know, the NFL draft was in the City of Philadelphia last week and Line Backer Hasson Reddick was a first round draft pick at number 13. Hasson Reddick grew up in Camden, New Jersey. His mom is an educator at a Head Start in New Jersey and always stressed the importance of getting a good education. Edu-cation was always her top priority for her son. Hasson Reddick’s father would practice foot-ball with his son early in the morning every day. Hasson Reddick started as a walk-on at Temple and was a part of the team for his en-tire collegiate career. Hasson Reddick is the true embodiment of perseverance. He is an example of persistence, keeping at a dream and not taking the word ‘‘no’’ for an answer. Hasson Reddick has not only made his fam-ily and friends proud but he has made the City of Philadelphia and the City of Camden proud. Congrats again, way to set a wonderful exam-ple for our neighborhoods. 
f 
HONORING GARY THOMAS 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, we rise today in memory of Judge Gary Thomas, who passed away on April 3, 2017, after a lifetime of service to his community. A graduate of the University of San Fran-cisco and the University of San Francisco School of Law, Judge Thomas joined the Cali-fornia Bar in 1962. From 1962 to 1968, Judge Thomas was also a member of the United States Air Force Reserve. A San Rafael resi-dent, Judge Thomas spent his professional life serving Marin County, first as a county pros-ecutor, then as an assistant district attorney, then as a Judge appointed in 1972 by Gov-ernor Ronald Reagan, where he was reelected by the public several times. Mr. Thomas was paralyzed during the 1970 shootout at the Marin County Civic Center when he was prosecuting a case of a San Quentin inmate who was charged with assault-ing a prison guard. During the trial, the de-fendant’s brother, along with others, took Judge Thomas, Judge Harold Haley, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01MY8.008 E01MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE573 May 1, 2017 
three female jurors, hostage. During the es-cape, a gunfight began. With bravery and courage, Judge Thomas was able to grab one of the assailant’s guns to protect himself and the other hostages. Judge Thomas was shot near his spine which left him paralyzed from the waist down. Judge Thomas returned to work five weeks later. Related to the injury, he would suffer from kidney problems, pneu-monia, and other complications throughout his life; but he continued to serve on the bench until 1999, showing strength and resilience few will ever know. Mr. Speaker, the depth of Judge Thomas’s service to his local community as well as his commitment to his family and the judiciary has left a positive legacy to many, and he will be dearly missed. It is therefore appropriate that we pay tribute to him today and honor his memory. 
f 
HONORING COACH CRAIG ENGELBRECHT FOR HIS INDUC-TION INTO THE MISSOURI BAS-KETBALL COACHES ASSOCIATION HALL OF FAME ON SATURDAY, APRIL 22, 2017 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of Missouri’s Third District, Coach Craig Engelbrecht, who was inducted into the Missouri Basketball Coaches Association Hall of Fame on Satur-day, April 22, 2017 at the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame in Springfield, MO. Coach Engelbrecht dedicated 33 years of his life as an educator at Eugene High School, and has spent 27 of those years coaching. Coach Engelbrecht recently celebrated his 500th var-sity win, and is deserving of membership in the Hall of Fame. Coach Engelbrecht’s childhood was spent in the Eugene area and he always wanted to re-turn to that area to plant his roots. He grew up in a family that served the community by work-ing in the school system. His mother taught in Russellville for 31 years and his Father was a custodian after a career at MFA Feed Mill in Eugene. After graduating from high school in 1979, Coach Engelbrecht spent his college years at University of Central Missouri in Warrensburg. In 1983, he graduated with his degree in Physical Education and a minor in speech/drama. In 1984, Coach Engelbrecht started his teaching career at Russellville and shortly thereafter began his coaching career. During his time at Eugene, he taught many subjects including English, Speech, and Drama, and was even responsible for putting on the an-nual spring play with his students. Eventually, Coach Engelbrecht began teaching Physical Education, and knowing the importance of being physically active, he always encouraged his students to participate in all activities and classes. In 1990, Coach Engelbrecht became the head varsity boys basketball coach. He knew it was vitally important to establish a stable and hard-working program that would lay the groundwork for success on the court. The mantra for the Eugene basketball team is this: ‘‘we play hard, we play smart, we play to-gether, and we play fast.’’ Coach Engelbrecht encourages his teams to use this mantra on the basketball court and in real life. He has in-stilled in his students and players a mentality to never quit and to always strive to achieve their goals. Coach Engelbrecht has built many relationships with his students and enjoys see-ing many of them take his words of encour-agement to heart and apply it to their daily lives. Additionally, he enjoys seeing former students and players begin basketball coach-ing and refereeing careers of their own. Coach Engelbrecht’s family is involved in the education field as well. The Eldon Career Center is currently under the direction of his wife, Kelli. The Eldon School District is where his son, Christian, is a paraprofessional. His daughter, Katelyn has played basketball and after her graduation will attend college at her father’s alma mater, University of Central Mis-souri—Warrensburg. Throughout his 33 year career in education, Coach Engelbrecht has seen God take care of him. He acknowledges the great support sys-tem he has and knows that without that sup-port, he would not have achieved his level of success on the basketball court. With his retirement from teaching, Coach Engelbrecht will be able to spend more time with his family. Kelli, Christian, and Katelyn will enjoy the additional moments they have with their beloved father. Despite his retire-ment from teaching, Coach Engelbrecht has not decided to hang up his coaching jersey just yet as he is continues to coach boys var-sity basketball at Eugene High School. I ask you to join me in recognizing Coach Craig Engelbrecht on this induction into the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame by the Missouri Basketball Coaches Association and on his re-tirement from teaching after 33 years of im-proving the daily lives of all those at Eugene High School, whether it be in the classroom or in the gym. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CINDY AND DICK RYBA 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Cindy and Dick Ryba of Treynor, Iowa, on the very spe-cial occasion of their 50th wedding anniver-sary. They celebrated their anniversary on March 31, 2017. Cindy and Dick’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. HONORING FIRST STATE BANK IN ST. CHARLES FOR ITS 150TH AN-NIVERSARY HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a business in my district, First State Bank in St. Charles on its 150th Anni-versary. This celebration will be held on May 10, 2017. In 1867, First State Bank planted its roots on Main Street in St. Charles, Missouri. First State Bank has been successful for one and a half centuries, because, among other things, customer satisfaction is a top priority and own-ership of the bank is shared only between local shareholders and bank employees. Since its humble beginning, First State Bank has been an independent and locally-owned com-munity bank serving St. Charles and St. Louis residents and businesses. First State Bank’s fundamental approach to customer service is simple; treat every customer like a person, not just a number. This personalized service shows the dedication this bank has to its cus-tomers and the community. First State Bank prides itself as an ESOP (Employee Stock Ownership Plan) business, which allows for the employees to own part of the bank. As a bank that is privately-held, the institution an-swers only to its employees and local, private stockholders. This means that decisions can be made that are in the best interest of the customers and the local community. The growth of First State Bank has been steady and with that growth it now has 224 employees. In 2016 alone, it hired 48 new em-ployees. First State Bank strives to maintain a philosophy to ignite energy and improve cus-tomer service and increase employee reten-tion. This philosophy encourages the employ-ees in four areas when it comes to serving the customers: play, make their day, be there, and to choose their attitudes. The commitment that First State Bank has to the community is commendable. Over 66 local and national non-profit organizations benefit from charitable donations by First State Bank. Employees are encouraged to volunteer and have committed their time and talents to 32 local non-profit boards. Other organizations that appreciate First State Bank’s generous employees are Oasis Food Pantry and Habitat for Humanity. Additionally, ‘‘Team FSB’’ will-ingly coordinates school supplies, winter coats, food drives, and collects monetary do-nations for various non-profits throughout the year. I ask you to join me in recognizing First State Bank on their 150th Anniversary. First State Bank is truly a community bank. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SERGEANT DAVID WELSH 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I honor Sergeant David Welsh of the Springfield Township Police Department. Sergeant Welsh 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01MY8.012 E01MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE574 May 1, 2017 
has demonstrated a steadfast devotion to the community through his work, often putting his own safety at risk in order protect others. Ser-geant Welsh also served his country and com-munity as a member of the United States Coast Guard Reserve for over 20 years. As a pillar of Springfield Township, Sergeant Welsh has rightly been nominated as Officer of the Year as part of the 25th Annual Spring-field Loyalty Day. I thank Sergeant Welsh for his service. 
f 
30 YEARS OF SERVICE—REVEREND ANZALONE 
HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Reverend Alan Anzalone, born in Kansas City and raised in Deepwater, Mis-souri. Alan has dedicated 30 years of service to Brownington Baptist Church. From an early age, Alan committed himself to bettering his community, helping those in need and setting an example for his peers through excelling in academics, athletics and school spirit. At age 17, Alan answered his calling from God and became Pastor of his church. Not only has he led followers to the Faith but he has also guided the renovation of the Church over the years to better suit the community’s needs. I am honored to share my gratitude and respect for Reverend Alan Anzalone, and his generosity and service are an inspiration to us all. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE JOHNSON 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, on April 20, I attended a meeting at the White House to discuss important issues and policy to my home state with President Donald Trump. Because of this meeting I missed Roll Call vote 236 on H.J. Res. 99—Making further con-tinuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on passage. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. JOHN FRANCIS GIONFRIDDO 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. John Francis Gionfriddo on his graduation from George Mason University and wish him well as he begins the next chap-ter of his life. Mr. Gionfriddo was born February 9, 1993 in Fairfax, Virginia to his parents Elizabeth and Joseph Gionfriddo. John was born with a con-genital heart defect, and when he was just three weeks old underwent heart surgery. While doctors were able to repair his heart, John suffered complications after surgery. Since he was young, John has never been in-timidated by imposed limitations with regards to his disability and has pursued friendships, work, and schooling without hesitation. In 1997, John became a big brother to his brother Andrew, and a few years later, his youngest brother, Frank. In 2008, the Gionfriddo family relocated to England where John began high school at the International Community School in London. While living abroad, John enjoyed traveling throughout Eu-rope with his parents and brothers. In 2011, the Gionfriddo family returned to the United States where John attended Herndon High School. Eager to gain professional experience, John began an internship at Dranesville Ele-mentary School as an Assistant to the Librar-ian, a position he proudly holds to this day. In 2013, John graduated from Herndon High School and enrolled in the George Mason Uni-versity Learning into Future Environments (LIFE) Program, a postsecondary education program for young adults with intellectual dis-abilities. John was extremely active on cam-pus, joining the Special Olympics Basketball Team and serving as a Member of the Best Buddies Program. Dedicated to expanding his professional skills, John participated in the Congressional Internship Program for Individuals with Intel-lectual Disabilities, and as a result, joined my team in September 2015 where he spent three semesters as a Congressional Intern in my Washington, D.C. Office. In this role, John was responsible for supply inventory, orga-nizing and assigning mail, and assisting staff with day-to-day projects. John’s eagerness to help others, dedication to his work, and posi-tive outlook on life were invaluable to my team. In his free time, John enjoys walking the family dog, Lily, listening to a variety of music, spending time at the family cabin in Pennsyl-vania, drinking coffee and eating out with fam-ily and friends. Throughout his life, John has been dedicated to helping others. In 2014, he was awarded the Jeff Watkins Volunteer of the Summer Award for his work with Fairfax County’s Summer Therapeutic Recreation Pro-gram. He also serves on the advisory board for The Institute on Disability (IOD) at the Uni-versity of New Hampshire’s film project, ‘‘Intel-ligent Lives’’. On May 20, 2017, John will graduate from the George Mason University LIFE Program, an incredible accomplishment. Following grad-uation, John will begin an exciting career help-ing others at SourceAmerica, a company dedi-cated to creating jobs for individuals with dis-abilities. While we are disappointed Mr. Gionfriddo’s time with our office has come to an end, we are excited as he begins this next chapter in his life. While Mr. Gionfriddo may have joined my office to gain work experience and learn about government, it was truly John who taught my team about compassion, dedication, and what it means to help others. The sky is the limit for John, and I cannot wait to see what he ac-complishes in the future. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Mr. John Francis Gionfriddo on his college graduation and wish-ing him well as he embarks on the next chap-ter of his life. TRIBUTE TO JANET AND RICHARD MOORE HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Janet and Richard Moore of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on April 2, 1967. Janet and Richard’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, April 28, 2017, I was not present for roll call votes 235, 236 and 237. Had I been present for these votes, I would have voted: Nay on roll call vote 235; Yea on roll call vote 236; and Yea on roll call vote 237. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARK BRANDENBURG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mark Brandenburg of Council Bluffs, Iowa, for being inducted into the Thomas Jefferson High School Hall of Fame. Mark is a 1973 graduate of Thomas Jefferson High School in Council Bluffs. Mark attended Iowa Western Community College and received a degree in mathe-matics. After graduation, he moved on to earn a bachelor’s degree in Management and Human Resources from Bellevue University. Mark’s career began at the Omaha Public Power District but he was just getting started. He was eventually elected to the Council Bluffs Community School District Board, served two terms as a State Representative in the Iowa House of Representatives, and cur-rently serves as the Pottawattamie County Re-corder. Mark is active in the Council Bluffs community and has worked with the Iowa Western Community College Alumni Associa-tion, the Union Pacific Railroad Museum Board, the Senior Center Board, and the Heartland Chapter of the American Red Cross. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01MY8.002 E01MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE575 May 1, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Mark on his induction into the Hall of Fame at Thomas Jefferson High School. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Mark and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GREG MARIUS 
HON. ADRIANO ESPAILLAT 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Greg Marius. Known affectionately as ‘‘the Commis-sioner’’, Mr. Marius founded the Entertainer’s Basketball Classic (EBC) at Holcombe Rucker Park in Harlem in 1982. Originally conceived of as a way for rival hip-hop crews to establish blacktop bragging rights, the EBC has evolved into the world’s premier streetball basketball showcase. A highlight on the City’s summer calendar for decades, the EBC pits playground stand-outs against the country’s most talented pro-fessional players, all provided free of charge to the delight of thousands of exuberant fans. NBA stars like LeBron James, Kevin Durant, and Vince Carter have all played in the tour-nament, facing off against the best streetballers Harlem has to offer. As one of the first people to connect basket-ball and hip-hop music, Mr. Marius created an all-inclusive atmosphere that celebrated the game, its culture, and its fans. Through his ag-gressive promotion, Mr. Marius enlisted hip- hop stars like Jay-Z, Sean ‘‘Diddy’’ Combs, Fat Joe, and others to sponsor teams, helping to attract corporate sponsors like Reebok and Gatorade and raise the profile of the EBC to an unprecedented level. By remaining committed to keeping the EBC in Harlem, Mr. Marius had a far-reaching im-pact on our community. A lifelong Harlem resi-dent, he often spoke of how fortunate he was to create memories in the neighborhood where he grew up. He also prided himself on keeping alive the legacy of Holcombe Rucker, the park’s namesake who founded his own tour-nament in 1946 that provided neighborhood youths a positive outlet to keep them off the streets. Further, by taking a touring version of the EBC on the road to other cities Mr. Marius played an integral role in broadening streetball’s audience. Without Greg Marius, it is safe to say that New York City, specifically Holcombe Rucker Park in Harlem, would not be the international symbol of basketball prow-ess that it is today. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay remem-brance to Mr. Marius and ask that we continue to carry along his legacy and love for streetball in Harlem. TRIBUTE TO ROSE AND LOUIS STORTENBECKER HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Rose and Louis Stortenbecker of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wed-ding anniversary. They celebrated their anni-versary on April 2, 2017. Rose and Louis’ lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DANIEL M
CGONIGAL 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I honor Daniel McGonigal of the Springfield Township Fire Company. Daniel joined the Company in 2013. Two years later, he decided to also an-swer the call to service for his country and joined the U.S. Navy. Despite his full-time service to the nation, Daniel does his most to help the Fire Company and his community when he returns home on leave. As a pillar of Springfield Township, Daniel has rightly been nominated as VFW Firefighter of the Year as part of the 25th Annual Spring-field Loyalty Day. I thank Daniel for his service. 
f 
HONORING THE DEFENDERS OF BATAAN AND CORREGIDOR AND REMEMBERING THE FALL OF BATAAN AND CORREGIDOR IN MAY 1942 
HON. DAVID B. McKINLEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Defenders of Bataan and Corregidor in remembrance of the 75th Anniversary of the fall of Bataan and Corregidor in May of 1942. From December 8, 1941 until May 6, 1942 American soldiers, marines, sailors, nurses and airmen fought along-side the members of Philippine army in defense of the Philippine Archipelago. On December 8, 1941, a day after the infa-mous attack on Pearl Harbor, bombs were dropped on Clark Field, starting what would become known as the Philippine Campaign or the Battle of the Philippines. On April 9, 1942, after fighting for four months without reinforcements and supplies, Major General Edward King, Jr. surrendered the forces under his command on the Bataan Peninsula. Upon surrender of the American and Filipino forces, the Japanese encountered twice as many captives as reports had esti-mated, thus creating an enormous logistical challenge—the transport and movement of over 60,000 starving, sick, and debilitated pris-oners and over 38,000 equally weakened civil-ian noncombatants that had been caught up in the battle. The prisoners and refugees had to be moved north to get them out of the way of the final Japanese assault on Corregidor, but there was simply not enough mechanized transport to move the masses of wounded, sick, and weakened prisoners. The Japanese solution was to force march the 60,000 pris-oners north from Mariveles to San Fernando and from Capas to Camp O’Donnell—a dis-tance of approximately 66 miles. This has become known as the Bataan Death March. Starting on April 9, 1942 and lasting for seven days, credible sources report widely differing prisoner of war casualties— from 5,000 to 18,000 Filipino deaths and 500 to 650 American deaths—that resulted. Forced to march without food or water, many simply could not continue. Prisoners were bayoneted, shot or buried alive if they could not walk. If any tried to escape they were shot. The final assault on American and Filipino forces in defense of the Philippines came on May 5, 1942 with an assault on the island of Corregidor and ended on May 8, 1942—when General Jonathan M. Wainwright surrendered forces under his command to the Japanese commander, Lt. General Masaharu Homma of the 14th Japanese Army, thus ending the Bat-tle for the Philippines. For the next three and a half years Ameri-cans were held by the Japanese in the Phil-ippines, Formosa, Korea, China and Japan in POW camps and forced to work for Japanese companies in support of the Japanese war ef-fort. When Japan finally surrendered, Amer-ican forces sent to Japan found these men and women emaciated—some weighing as lit-tle as a third of their normal weight. Suffering for three and a half years, these men and women endured unspeakable hardships and atrocities at the hands of their captors. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring and remembering those who suf-fered so much in the name of freedom during World War II on this, the 75th Anniversary of the Bataan Death March and the Battle for the Philippines. We are eternally grateful for men such as Ed Jackfert of Wellsburg, West Vir-ginia—who is still with us—as well as those who have recently passed such as Joe Vater, Abie Abraham and Lester Tenney. These men were part of the Greatest Generation and fought in defense of their country during World War II. 
f 
BUILDING SAFETY MONTH 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, today marks the beginning of Building Safety Month, and I would like to recognize the men and women of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01MY8.009 E01MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE576 May 1, 2017 
the International Code Council who have dedi-cated their livelihoods to ensuring the safety of Americans both in their homes and work-places. Building safety and fire prevention officials, architects, engineers, builders, and others in the construction industry work year-round to ensure the safe construction of buildings. It is through their efforts that our nation continues to address critical safety issues in the built en-vironment that affect our citizens, both, in ev-eryday life and in times of natural disaster. These individuals, who are dedicated mem-bers of the International Code Council, de-velop and implement the highest quality codes to protect Americans in the buildings where we work, live, and play. The International Codes, the most widely adopted building safe-ty and fire prevention codes in the nation, are used by most U.S. cities, counties, and by all 50 states. These modem building safety codes also include safeguards to protect the public from natural disasters, such as hurricanes, snowstorms, tornadoes, wildland fires, and earthquakes. Each year, in observance of Building Safety Month, Americans are asked to consider projects to improve building safety at home and in the community, and to acknowledge the essential services provided to all of us by local and state building departments and federal agencies in protecting life and property. Build-ing Safety Month, which is sponsored by the International Code Council, reminds the public about the critical role of our communities’ largely unsung heroes of public safety—our local code officials—who help prevent count-less fires and accidents. ‘‘Code officials: Part-ners in Community Safety and Economic Growth,’’ the theme for Building Safety Month 2017, encourages all Americans to raise awareness of the importance of building safe-ty. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking the International Code Council as they recognize Building Safety Month. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TRUDY EVANS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Trudy Evans of Council Bluffs, Iowa, for being in-ducted into the Thomas Jefferson High School Hall of Fame. Trudy is a 1966 graduate of Thomas Jefferson High School in Council Bluffs. Trudy was the first member of her extended family to graduate from college when she graduated from the University of Iowa, going on to have a distinguished career in the Coun-cil Bluffs Community School District. She served in a number of positions throughout her career including: as a curriculum strate-gist, a Talented and Gifted program teacher, the principal of Pusey, Lewis & Clark, Cres-cent, Rue, and Washington elementary schools, and finally as a teacher at the Tinley Early Childhood Center. Trudy has been rec-ognized for her outstanding contributions as an educator, receiving the Elementary Excel-lence in Teaching Math Award and the Coun-cil Bluffs Teacher of the Year award. She was also a finalist for the Iowa Teacher of the Year. Even with her busy schedule, Trudy still finds time to volunteer in her community with the Muddy Paws Second Chance organiza-tion, Children’s Theater in Council Bluffs, and is a member of St. Peter’s Catholic Church. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Trudy on her induction into the Thomas Jeffer-son High School Hall of Fame. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Trudy on this outstanding accomplish-ment and in wishing her nothing but continued success. f 
IN HONOR OF THE TUSKEGEE AIR-MEN MEMORIAL DAY FLY IN 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the 50th Anniversary of the Tuskegee Airmen Me-morial Day Fly In. The first black combat avia-tion unit comprised of pilots and supporter per-sonnel trained at Tuskegee Army Air Field. The Tuskegee Airmen Memorial Day Fly In honors the Tuskegee Airmen, the widowers and family members of the Tuskegee Airmen and talented and enthusiastic individuals all fo-cused on the goal of honoring the heroic Tuskegee Airmen. In 1940, the military selected Tuskegee In-stitute to train pilots because of its commit-ment to aeronautical training, its facilities, en-gineering and technical instructors and its suit-able climate for year-round flying. In May of 1940, the first Civilian Pilot Train-ing Program students completed their training. ‘‘The Tuskegee Experience’’ later grew to be-come a center for African-American aviation during World War II. These brave airmen overcame segregation and prejudice to become one of the most re-spected fighter groups of WWII paving the way for full integration of the U.S. military. The Tuskegee Airmen exemplify the State of Ala-bama’s priority of Public Service Excellence. This commemoration of their legacy comes directly from the efforts and determination of over 16,000 courageous men and women and recognizes the fortitude of these individuals to stand strong in the face of adversity. Their accomplishments gave way to the continuation on a grand scale through the in-troduction of American youth to the world of aviation, technology, engineering and math through local and national programs and ac-tivities. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing today, May 19–20, 2017, as Tuskegee Airmen Memorial Day Fly In 50th Anniversary. 
f 
IMPORTANCE OF WORK SAFETY 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and honor the men and women who have lost their lives at work due to unsafe work conditions. In 2015, 4,836 workers were killed on the job. That’s 4,836 reasons to re-member the importance of work safety. This week in Missouri’s 7th Congressional District the Mid America Safety Health & Envi-ronmental Conference is being held by the Missouri Association of Manufacturers. This conference is designed to provide general work safety training while also discussing the importance of safe work environments. As those who have lost loved ones gather at the conference this week, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration will have a memorial service acknowledging those fami-lies as well as the many other families who have lost loved ones due to unsafe work con-ditions. I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring the men and women and who have lost their lives due to unsafe work conditions and the families who have lost their loved ones be-cause of this. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF WARRENVILLE, ILLI-NOIS 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 50th Anniversary of the in-corporation of Warrenville, Illinois. Warrenville, whose motto is ‘‘For a Visit, Or a Lifetime’’, is a model for other cities and towns to follow, through its continued dedica-tion to building a friendly and welcoming com-munity for residents and visitors alike. In the years since its first permanent set-tlers, Julius and Daniel Warren, and its incor-poration, Warrenville has become a center of culture and commerce, serving as a home to families, businesses, professionals, churches and organizations that have made this a vi-brant and thriving community. Warrenville’s first major establishment was a tavern created by Julius Warren. This legacy of brewing has been kept alive by the craft brewing company, Two Brothers Brewing, who are one of the most popular Illinois brewing companies in the United States. Warrenville also boasts a mul-titude of parks; and youth and family friendly activities make this a great place to work, live, and raise a family. The city is also a shining example of fiscal responsibility, as it has no bonded debt. This fact should make residents, employers, and civil servants tremendously proud. On the occasion of this 50th Anniversary, we join together to celebrate Warrenville’s leg-acy of growth and prosperity and to look ahead to the opportunities facing this great vil-lage and our nation. Today both marks 50 years of working together to build a brighter future, and reminds us that our work con-tinues. Mr. Speaker and Distinguished Colleagues, please join me in recognizing the 50th Anni-versary of the incorporation of Warrenville, Illi-nois, and wishing her residents a very suc-cessful year ahead. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY8.013 E01MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE577 May 1, 2017 
TRIBUTE TO SHIRLEY AND ELVIN BREACH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Shirley and Elvin Breach of Atlantic, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on February 16, 2017 and were married at the Little Brown Church in Nashua, Iowa. Shirley and Elvin’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ROBIN SPROUL FOR HER OUTSTANDING CAREER WITH ABC NEWS 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Robin Sproul for her work with ABC News as she prepares to begin the next chapter in her storied career. For the past 41 years, Ms. Sproul has had an accomplished career as a journalist with ABC and has helped make it a world-class news organiza-tion that maintains the highest standards of professionalism. In sum, she has become one of Washington’s most respected journalists. Ms. Sproul began her career as a news as-signment manager WMAL-Radio in Wash-ington, D.C. in 1976. She then joined ABC News in 1981 as a Washington bureau chief for ABC News Radio, covering election anal-ysis and political conventions. In addition to these responsibilities, Ms. Sproul produced U.S. radio coverage of military operations, in-cluding missions in the Persian Gulf. In 1993, she was named vice president and Wash-ington bureau chief for ABC News, where she supervised and directed the organization’s TV, radio and digital coverage of Washington, D.C. Ms. Sproul excelled in her role covering na-tional news and events and also served as the organization’s liaison with the federal govern-ment. In 2014, she was promoted to Vice President of Public Affairs for ABC News, where she focused on the network’s political debates and external relations in Washington, D.C. Ms. Sproul has had an outstanding tenure at ABC and was critical to the growth and suc-cess of the organization. Throughout her ca-reer, Ms. Sproul has earned numerous honors for her balanced and comprehensive coverage of important events. She was a member of the ABC News team to win an Emmy for their coverage of President Barack Obama’s Inau-guration. In addition, Ms. Sproul has won George Foster Peabody Awards for coverage of September 11 attacks and coverage of U.S. military actions in the Persian Gulf. These ac-colades underscore her commitment to honest and accessible coverage of the news, as well as the respect she has among her industry peers. Through it all, Ms. Sproul recognized the importance of mentoring, especially other women. Breaking many glass ceilings herself, she has always practiced women supporting women. She will be missed as she moves on to a new stage in her career. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Robin Sproul for her work with ABC News. Her hard work, knowledge and professionalism have been vital to making ABC News the organization that exists today. f 
TRIBUTE TO PATSY AND PAUL O’NEILL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Patsy and Paul O’Neill of Neola, Iowa, on the very spe-cial occasion of their 50th wedding anniver-sary. They were married on March 29, 1967 at Our Savior Lutheran Church in Council Bluffs, Iowa. Patsy and Paul’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, regretfully, I missed votes on H.J. Res. 99 as I was at the White House for the signing of an executive order on offshore energy resources. American energy policy is critically important to my dis-trict. I look forward to being part of future work in the House on fiscally responsible spending measures. Had I been present, I would have voted: YEA on Roll Call No. 235, and YEA on Roll Call No. 236. 
f 
HONORING RETIRING ORLAND PARK MAYOR DAN M
CLAUGHLIN 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mayor Dan McLaughlin who served the Village of Orland Park as an elected official for 34 years. Dan McLaughlin was elected mayor of the village six times beginning in 1993. Prior to his election as mayor he served eight years as a Orland Park Trustee, starting his service to the community in 1983. During his 34 years serving Orland Park, Dan McLaughlin has seen the population of the village expand from around 25,000 to nearly 59,000. As mayor, he helped drive sig-nificant commercial and public infrastructure development. He recently oversaw the con-struction of the ‘‘Main Street Triangle,’’ a 27- acre site in the center of the community. This includes the 108,000-square-foot University of Chicago Medicine Center for Advanced Care. Significant improvements to La Grange Road were also completed under Mayor McLaughlin. Dan McLaughlin has been a champion of veterans during his public service, honoring those who have served our nation. He was also instrumental in Orland Park’s Special Recreation programs for the handicapped and was a leader in open lands preservation. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mayor Dan McLaughlin for his public service and thank him for all that he has done for Orland Park and the region. I wish him the best in all his future endeavors. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CITY OF URBANDALE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the City of Urbandale, Iowa, on the 100th anniversary of the city’s in-corporation. The City of Urbandale was first incorporated on April 16, 1917. Many early residents found employment in several local coal mines until those were closed by the late 1940s. Urbandale was also a ‘‘street car suburb,’’ where residents could commute to their jobs in the city via a street car on the ‘‘Urbandale Line’’ until they were replaced by Trolley buses in the early 1950s. Over the decades the town saw homes go up, restaurants and business open and flourish, and people from all over pass through its streets, from presi-dential candidates to its most famous visitor, Pope John Paul II, when he held mass at Liv-ing History Farms in 1979. At its core, Urbandale is an Iowa town where you want to raise your family. At its inception, only 298 people called it home. Today, Urbandale houses over 40,000 residents. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent the citizens of Urbandale in the United States Congress and I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing the City of Urbandale nothing but continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01MY8.017 E01MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE578 May 1, 2017 
IN HONOR OF ERNEST ‘‘ERNIE’’ D
IPIETRO 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to honor a dear friend, Ernest ‘‘Ernie’’ DiPietro. Ernie passed away on April 24th at the age of 73. Ernie dedicated his life to public service, leav-ing behind a legacy in Cheshire, Connecticut that will never be forgotten. Ernie was born in Chicago, Illinois on Feb-ruary 27, 1944. He graduated from Croft High School in Waterbury, before going on to earn his Bachelor’s Degree at the University of New England, and his Master’s Degree at the Uni-versity of Hartford. Ernie proudly served our country in the U.S. Army Reserves during the Vietnam War. Reflecting his commitment to all who have served in the Armed Forces, Ernie served as American Legion Commander for Storrs Post 92 of Cheshire, enhancing the lives of our veterans, military, and their fami-lies, both at home and abroad. A committed educator, Ernie taught for the Wolcott Public School System and was a member of the Mattatuck Community College faculty. Ernie will always be remembered by friends and family for his great passion for pol-itics and the nearly three decades that he led the Cheshire Democratic Party. I am grateful for his many years of friendship and his guid-ance to me and so many others who have served our beloved town. Ernie’s involvement and leadership in nu-merous social organizations has made an im-measurable impact on the Cheshire commu-nity. Ernie was a co-marshal for Cheshire’s Memorial Day parade, as well as an integral member of the Cheshire Veterans Council. Fellow member of the Cheshire Veterans Council, Leslie Marinaro, remembers Ernie’s years of dedication fondly, stating, ‘‘Ernie’s footprint will remain forever in Cheshire and among our veterans.’’ In addition, Ernie was active in many other organizations, including the Cheshire Kiwanis Club, Cheshire Land Trust, Cheshire Historical Society, and the Friends of Cheshire Library. Ernie was also a devoted family man. He loved his wonderful wife of 46 years, Carol, who shared his passion for politics and public service. Ernie will also be missed by his broth-er-in-law, cousins, nephews, great-nieces and great-nephews, and his many friends. I had the great fortune to know Ernie DiPietro and call him my friend. His warm heart, sense of humor, infectious smile, and love of life touched all who knew him. He truly left the world a better place. Ernie’s life embodied the spirit of civic en-gagement that strengthens our communities, and makes our country a better place. His contributions to the Town of Cheshire, the State of Connecticut, and to the United States of America will not be forgotten. Ernie, we love you and miss you. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, May 2, 2017 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 3 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To hold hearings to examine Department of Defense laboratories and their con-tributions to military operations and readiness. SR–222 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine investing in America’s broadband infrastructure, focusing on exploring ways to reduce barriers to deployment. SR–253 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine infrastruc-ture project streamlining and effi-ciency, focusing on achieving faster, better, and cheaper results. SD–406 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Multilateral Inter-national Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy, and Environmental Policy To hold hearings to examine global phi-lanthropy and remittances and inter-national development. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Bureau of Investigation. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine defense in-novation and research funding. SD–192 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine the econ-omy and private sector growth. SD–608 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel To hold hearings to examine building a flexible personnel system (F.A.S.T. Force) for a modern military. SR–222 MAY 4 Time to be announced Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 139, to implement the use of Rapid DNA in-struments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and S. 534, to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt re-porting of sexual abuse to law enforce-ment authorities. TBA 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine United States Special Operations Command. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine reauthoriza-tion of the National Flood Insurance Program. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the threat posed by electromagnetic pulse and policy options to protect energy infra-structure and to improve capabilities for adequate system restoration. SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine inter-national development, focusing on value added through private sector en-gagement. SD–419 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine telemedi-cine in the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, focusing on leveraging tech-nology to increase access, improve health outcomes, and lower costs. SD–124 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Security To hold hearings to examine questions, answers, and perspectives on the cur-rent state of airline travel. SR–253 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 MAY 8 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism To hold hearings to examine Russian in-terference in the 2016 United States election. SD–226 MAY 10 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 772, to amend the PROTECT Act to make In-dian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY8.022 E01MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE579 May 1, 2017 
grants, and S. 825, to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium located in Sitka, Alaska. SD–628 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine aging with community, focusing on building con-nections that last a lifetime. SD–562 POSTPONEMENTS 
MAY 4 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine ballistic missile defense policies and programs. SR–232A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M01MY8.000 E01MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D471 Monday, May 1, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2641–2657 Measures Introduced: Ten bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 991–1000, and S. Res. 148.
                                                                        Page S2650 
Measures Reported: S. 317, to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 115–34) S. 652, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diag-nosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of-hear-ing newborns, infants, and young children, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 849, to support programs for mosquito-borne and other vector-borne disease surveillance and con-trol, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. S. 916, to amend the Controlled Substances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. S. 920, to establish a National Clinical Care Com-mission.
                                                                           Page S2650 
Measures Passed: Silver Star Service Banner Day: Committee on Armed Services was discharged from further consid-eration of S. Res. 135, expressing support for the designation of May 1, 2017, as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S2653 
Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017, Improvements Act: Committee on For-eign Relations was discharged from further consider-ation of S. 371, to make technical changes and other improvements to the Department of State Authori-ties Act, Fiscal Year 2017, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:                                               Pages S2653–54 
Cornyn (for Corker) Amendment No. 209, to re-quire that the comparative report on peacekeeping operations include an assessment of the operational, structural, and doctrinal differences between the military and civilian infrastructures of the United States and United Nations and other assumptions that impact cost estimates.
                                   Page S2653 
18th Annual National Charter Schools Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 148, congratulating the stu-dents, parents, teachers, and leaders of charter schools across the United States for making ongoing contributions to education, and supporting the ideals and goals of the 18th annual National Charter Schools Week, to be held May 1 through May 5, 2017.
                                                                                Page S2654 
Clayton Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Ex-change Commission.
                           Pages S2645–48, S2654 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 60 yeas to 36 nays (Vote No. 117), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S2647–48 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, with the time until 12:30 p.m. equally divided in the usual form; and that all time during recess, ad-journment, morning business and Leader remarks count post-cloture on the nomination.
           Page S2654 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: 2 Army nominations in the rank of general. 21 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 19 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy.
                                               Pages S2655–57 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01MY7.REC D01MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD472 May 1, 2017 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2650 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2650–51 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2651–52 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S2649 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S2652 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—117)
                                                                Page S2648 Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:49 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2654.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 25 pub-lic bills, H.R. 2258–2279; 1 private bill, H.R. 2280; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 300–302 were in-troduced.
                                                                Pages H3002–03 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H3004 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 910, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to cer-tain investment fund research reports, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–102); H.R. 1366, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemption for compa-nies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States (H. Rept. 115–103); H.R. 1312, to amend the Small Business Invest-ment Incentive Act of 1980 to require an annual re-view by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the annual government-business forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–104); H.R. 1242, to establish the 400 Years of African- American History Commission, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 115–105); and H. Res. 299, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1180) to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide compensatory time for em-ployees in the private sector; providing for pro-ceedings during the period from May 5, 2017, through May 15, 2017; and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–106).
                                                 Pages H3001–02 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Cheney to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H2975 Recess: The House recessed at 12:17 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H2977 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:06 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H2978 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Fair Access to Investment Research Act of 2017: H.R. 910, amended, to direct the Securities and Ex-change Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund research reports, by a 2/ 3 yea-and-nay vote of 405 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 237;
                                                                          Pages H2978–80 
Small Business Capital Formation Enhance-ment Act: H.R. 1312, amended, to amend the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to re-quire an annual review by the Securities and Ex-change Commission of the annual government-busi-ness forum on capital formation that is held pursu-ant to such Act, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 406 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 238; 
                                                                                    Pages H2980–81 
U.S. Territories Investor Protection Act of 2017: H.R. 1366, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemption for companies lo-cated in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States;
    Pages H2981–83 
Follow the Rules Act: H.R. 657, amended, to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protections against prohibited personnel practices, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 407 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 239; and
                             Pages H2983–84 
400 Years of African-American History Com-mission Act: H.R. 1242, amended, to establish the 400 Years of African-American History Commission. 
                                                                                    Pages H2985–87 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01MY7.REC D01MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D473 May 1, 2017 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:33 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H2987 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2988, H2988–89, and H2989. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:03 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
WORKING FAMILIES FLEXIBILITY ACT OF 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 1180, the ‘‘Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–3, a closed rule for H.R. 1180. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–15 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from May 5, 2017, through May 15, 2017: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjourn-ment. In section 3, the rule provides that the Speak-er may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2. In section 4, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of May 4, 2017, or May 5, 2017, for the Speaker to enter-tain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designa-tion of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. Finally, in section 5, the rule waives clause 6(a) of rule XIII (requiring a two-thirds vote to con-sider a rule on the same day it is reported from the Rules Committee) against any resolution reported through the legislative day of May 5, 2017. Testi-mony was heard from Chairman Foxx and Represent-ative Polis. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. NEW PUBLIC LAWS (For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D440) 
H.J. Res. 99, making further continuing appro-priations for fiscal year 2017. Signed on April 28, 2017. (Public Law 115–30) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 2, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine United States European Command, focusing on theater assessment and European Reassurance Initiative (ERI) progress; to be immediately following by a closed hearing in SVC–217, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine United States Transportation Command, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the United States-European Union covered agreement, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an oversight hearing to examine federal payments to local governments provided through the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self Determination Act and the Payment in Lieu of Taxes program and the need to provide greater fiscal certainty for resource-dependent communities with tax-exempt federal lands, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Terry Branstad, of Iowa, to be Am-bassador to the People’s Republic of China, Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine responses to the increase in religious hate crimes, 10:30 a.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services. Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Three Decades Later: A Review and Assessment of Our Special Oper-ations Forces 30-Years After the Creation of U.S. Special Operations Command’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Overview of the Annual Report on Sexual Harassment and Violence at the Military Service Academies’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Improvements to the Regulation of Medical Technologies’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Combating Waste, Fraud, and Abuse in Medic-aid’s Personal Care Services Program’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01MY7.REC D01MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD474 May 1, 2017 Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 10, the ‘‘Financial CHOICE Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Winning the Fight Against Human Trafficking: The Frederick Douglass Re-authorization Act’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Consequences of Executive Branch Overreach of the Antiquities Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, markup on the ‘‘Modernizing Government Tech-nology Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2196, to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow whistleblowers to disclose information to certain recipients; H.R. 2195, the ‘‘OSC Access Act’’; and the ‘‘All Circuit Review Act’’, 10:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Interior, Energy and Environ-ment, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Management of Red Snapper Fishing in the Gulf of Mexico’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on Senate Amendments to H.R. 244, the ‘‘HIRE Vets Act’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 2105, the ‘‘NIST Small Business Cybersecurity Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of U.S. Airline Cus-tomer Service’’, 9:30 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing on the ‘‘Veterans Appeals Improvement and Moderniza-tion Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘VA Spe-cialized Services: Lower Extremity Conditions’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to re-ceive a briefing on post-referendum Turkey, focusing on institutions and human rights, 10:30 a.m., 2255, Ray-burn Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01MY7.REC D01MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D475 May 01, 2017 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 33 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 101 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through April 30, 2017 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 65 65 . . Time in session ................................... 445 hrs., 37 ′ 295 hrs., 28′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 2,639 2,974 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 569 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 9 21 30 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 109 227 336 Senate bills .................................. 6 5 . . House bills .................................. 9 130 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 5 5 . . House joint resolutions ............... 13 16 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 4 3 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 4 6 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 68 62 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *52 99 151 Senate bills .................................. 27 . . . . House bills .................................. 4 58 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 2 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 20 39 . . Special reports ..................................... 11 2 . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 35 26 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 1,182 2,705 3,887 Bills ............................................. 980 2,257 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 41 100 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 14 50 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 147 298 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 3 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 116 110 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 125 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through April 30, 2017 
Civilian nominations, totaling 97, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 29 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 43 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 25 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 371, disposed of as follows: Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 371 Air Force nominations, totaling 1,616, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 58 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1,558 Army nominations, totaling 2,726, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 7 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 2,719 Navy nominations, totaling 186, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 185 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,252, disposed of as follows: Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1,252 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... . . Total nominations received from this Session ........................................ 6,248 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 95 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 6,128 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 25 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... . . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D01MY7.REC D01MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD476 May 1, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 2 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, post-cloture. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 2 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 1180— Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E575 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E577 Espaillat, Adriano, N.Y., E575 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E578 Evans, Dwigt, Pa., E572 Hartzler, Vicky, Mo., E574 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E572 Johnson, Mike, La., E574 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E572 Larson, John B., Conn., E574 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E572, E577 Long, Billy, Mo., E576 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E573, E573 McKinley, David B., W.Va., E575 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E571, E573, E575 Olson, Pete, Tex., E577 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E576 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E571, E576 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E571 Schneider, Bradley Scott, Ill., E571 Valadao, David G., Calif., E574 Young, David, Iowa, E571, E572, E573, E574, E574, E575, E576, E577, E577, E577 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 May 02, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D01MY7.REC D01MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST