Ms. ESHOO. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 7, the No Tax-payer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insur-ance Full Disclosure Act. This bill is an unprecedented attack on a woman’s right to make her own healthcare de-cisions and another attempt by Republicans to undermine the Affordable Care Act (ACA). This legislation goes far beyond the long- standing Hyde Amendment which Congress passes every year during the Appropriations process preventing taxpayer dollars from being used for abortions. The Hyde Amend-ment is included in each Appropriations bill every year. This bill stretches increase taxes on millions of individuals and small businesses that purchase private healthcare plans that in-clude abortion coverage. It takes away protec-tions for rape survivors and pregnant women whose lives are in danger, and bans women in the military from abortion care in a military hospital overseas, even if they use their own money to pay for that care. This will deny mil-lions of American women access to truly com-prehensive health care. A woman’s right to choose whether to end a pregnancy is protected constitutionally. The decision is private. It is a matter of faith and it is a matter of conscience. I believe women already have the right to make decisions about reproductive health care, that it is pro-tected constitutionally. This legislation should be rejected for its overly broad reach, its false advertising and its attack on the constitu-tionally protected right to privacy. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, January 24, 2017, I was absent for Roll Call vote 63. Had I been present for Roll Call vote 63, H. Res. 55—Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 7) to prohibit taxpayer funded abortions, I would have voted ‘‘no’’. THE NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH FUNDING DEFICIT HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to clarify a statistic I inadvertently misstated on the House Floor on January 3rd. I intended to highlight how medical research at the National Institutes of Health has been cut by $7.5 billion since 2003, when adjusted for inflation. The cost of conducting medical research in-creases each year, yet the NIH’s budget has not kept up with this pace. As a result, the NIH has been able to support less research each year. Thankfully we started to reverse this trend in 2016, when we provided a $2 billion increase however that is not nearly enough to close the gap. Even with the money provided by 21st Cen-tury Cures for the next decade, Congress has barely put a dent in the NIH’s funding deficit. For example, in 2017, with the increase pro-vided in the House Mark and the Cures bill, the NIH would still be over $7 billion short of the 2003 level. I would also note that the Cures funding is a gimmick—there is no guarantee that Con-gress will provide that funding each year. I regret my error in omitting the term ‘‘when adjusted for inflation.’’ But it is clear that when you look at the cost of research and the money we appropriate for the NIH, we have a long way to go. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, due to numerous flight delays caused by weather along the southeast, I was not present during the vote series held on Monday, January 23, 2017. Had I been present I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. H.R. 423 and YEA on Roll Call No. H.R. 582. 
f 
PROMOTING THE 2017 MARCH FOR LIFE 
HON. F. JAMES SENSENBRENNER, JR. 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise to recognize the March for Life on Friday January 27th, 2017 here in Washington D.C. This is a gathering of thousands of Amer-icans from across our great country, all who are standing up for the protection of unborn children. Ever since the abysmal ruling by the Su-preme Court in Roe vs. Wade, the barbaric practice of abortion on demand has been rampant in our country. All too often we fall into the trap of conflating women’s health with abortion, assuming that if one supports pro-tecting life, then we’re failing to care for wom-en’s health. Nothing could be further from the truth. I stand here today with the millions of Amer-icans across our country who believe that the lives of innocent children must be protected. I have long been a staunch advocate for pro-life issues despite vocal opposition. As Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, I shep-herded the partial-birth abortion ban through Congress. It was one of my greatest honors to watch President George W. Bush sign it into law, and I was relieved that the Supreme Court upheld it. I have fully supported every effort in Congress to stop federally funded abortions, both in the United States and abroad, and will continue to fight efforts to fed-erally fund these horrific practices. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, on January 23, 2017, I missed roll call vote 60 due to un-avoidable delay. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on final passage of H.R. 423, the Anti-Spoofing Act. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE ASSYRIAN AMERICAN CIVIC CLUB OF TURLOCK 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Assyrian American Civic Club of Turlock as we celebrate its seventieth-year an-niversary. Since the club’s founding in 1946, it has provided service to Assyrian Americans in the City of Turlock through the promotion and protection of the Assyrian culture, education, religion and humanitarian rights. The club was established in the fall of 1946 to help families preserve their deep rooted cul-ture that can be passed on to future genera-tions. It is progressive in nature not only to the benefit of Assyrian Americans, but also to all in California’s 10th Congressional District. The members of the Assyrian American Civic Club of Turlock recognize civic responsi-bility to their people and allegiance to the United States of America. It is in their core in-terests to uphold the principles of freedom and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JA8.001 E27JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE94 January 27, 2017 
democracy, support the Constitution, instill a sense of individual obligation and responsi-bility for Assyrian unity, and support programs that perpetuate Assyrian cultural heritage. The club is dedicated to promoting goodwill and understanding among Assyrians and non-As-syrians alike. The club also recognizes and values the im-portance of education. On March 13, 2002, it created the Assyrian Civic Club Education Foundation. This 501(c)3 non-profit continues to provide hundreds of scholarships to high school and university students, as it has done so for the past 15 years. The foundation edu-cates, informs, and enhances cultural values for Assyrians in the community through their own local radio and television programs. Addi-tionally, the civic club has its own facility that the community at large utilizes, while also serving as a place for Assyrian Americans to come together for social, recreation and edu-cational activities. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and recognizing the seventieth anniversary of the Assyrian American Civic Club of Turlock for its service and outstanding contributions to the Assyrian community as we celebrate this im-portant milestone. 
f 
CELEBRATING 75 YEARS OF THE UNITED WAY OF GREATER AU-GUSTA 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, it’s the peo-ple who make a community a great place to live, work, and in my case, represent. The generosity of the community and their care for their neighbors defines this part of Virginia. Over the past 75 years, the United Way has harnessed these values and used them as a catalyst to improve the lives of people in the community. Around 1942, United Way organizations were founded in Staunton and Waynesboro. As these organizations continued to grow, in 2004 they merged to become the United Way of Greater Augusta, Inc. in order to offer more effective services to the community. This orga-nization has long worked toward positive change in their community, and I am honored to pay tribute to the United Way of Greater Augusta, Inc. as they celebrate 75 years of service to the people of Staunton, Waynes-boro, and Augusta County. Through grants, workplace campaigns, cor-porate partnerships, and individual donations, the United Way has raised funds to help make a positive impact in the community. They have helped families and individuals in the Greater Augusta region by providing support to local agencies like the Valley Children’s Advocacy Center, the Daily Living Center, Valley Hope Counseling Center, and Renewing Homes. The United Way has also made targeted in-vestments in programs such as Stuff the Bus, the Financial Stability Center, and Imagination Library. The work of the United Way has evolved throughout its 75 year history, and I am confident that it will continue to do so to meet both the short-term and long-term needs of those it serves in the Greater Augusta re-gion. There are many people responsible for the continued growth and success of the United Way of Greater Augusta. Countless volunteers have donated their time to serve the commu-nity. Board Members have served as active voices in the community for the United Way’s work. Staff members have worked hard to pro-mote the work of the United Way and make sure the wheels run smoothly on a day-to-day basis. While I extend my gratitude to all of these individuals, I also want to specifically recognize Cynthia Pritchard for her service as President and CEO of the United Way of Greater Augusta. As she prepares to leave this position, it is clear that much of the good work of this organization would not have been possible without her guidance and leadership over the past seven and a half years. Congratulations to the United Way of Great-er Augusta on this momentous occasion. I wish them all the best, and look forward to the positive impact they will continue to make. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE ACCOM-PLISHMENTS OF THE SOUTHERN WAYNE COUNTY REGIONAL CHAMBER DURING ITS 50TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Southern Wayne County Re-gional Chamber’s 50 Year Anniversary on the date of its Business to Business Exposition Best of Downriver Black Tie Event. The SWCRC has played a critical role in promoting business and economic development by pro-viding training and leadership opportunities to the Downriver community. Since its founding in 1967, the SWCRC has helped the Downriver business community grow and prosper. The SWCRC today has over 650 members and provides them with a variety of networking, business development and education programs. The SWCRC gives emerging leaders in Southern Wayne County education and training through its Leadership 21 initiative, a six month program that gives individuals multidisciplinary training in the fields of economic development, government and healthcare. Additionally, the Chamber of-fers opportunities to network and meet other members of the business community, as well as promotional events and roundtables with leaders in a variety of fields. These services have allowed businesses to better serve the individuals in the Downriver area, have helped to improve the business climate in Southern Wayne County and have contributed to the economic revival of southeast Michigan. The SWCRC’s efforts have been instru-mental in creating a strong business commu-nity that effectively serves the Downriver area. Its efforts have inspired a new generation of business leaders who are uniquely equipped to address the issues facing the community. It has also allowed organizations in the area to share best practices and better serve Downriver. I am proud to recognize the out-standing efforts of the SWCRC and its mem-bers, and it is my hope that they continue to make Southern Wayne County a great place to live and work in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Southern Wayne Regional Chamber and its 50 years of success. Its work on behalf of the Downriver community has played a key role in helping the area grow and develop while providing jobs and other oppor-tunities. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 8TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE LILLY LEDBETTER FAIR PAY ACT 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, Sunday, our country recognizes the eighth anniversary of the landmark Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which former President Obama signed into law on January 29, 2009. Congress passed and President Obama signed this legislation into law, the first of his Administration, in response to the U.S. Su-preme Court decision, Ledbetter v. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., 550 U.S. 618 (2007) , that severely restricted the time period for filing pay discrimination complaints against one’s employer. In the underlying case, Lilly Ledbetter, a production supervisor at the Goodyear Tire and Rubber plant in Gadsden, Alabama, dis-covered that she was being paid less than her male counterparts for nearly two decades. Then and there, she made the decision to fight back for paycheck equality. Unfortunately, the U.S. Supreme Court un-dercut her fight in ruling that Ledbetter could not bring a wage discrimination suit under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 simply be-cause she did not file her claim within 180 days of a discriminatory salary decision. Despite the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling, Ledbetter’s fight was not in vain because Con-gress, in 2009, passed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which helps ensure fair pay for all Americans by expanding the time period in which employees may challenge an employ-er’s compensation decision. Because of this law, women today have the right to pursue legal action for pay discrimina-tion—whenever it occurs. Unfortunately, equal pay for equal work has not become a reality. In 2015, the pay gap between men and women still remains, as women made only 83 cents for every dollar earned by their male counterparts. And for women of color, that gap is even wider. During the same time, African-American women made 65 cents to every dollar earned by men. Hispanic women, faring even worse than black women, made only 58 cents to every dollar earned by their White male counter-parts. Pay disparities not only affect women during their careers, but follows them into retirement, reducing pensions and Social Security benefits because of a lifetime of lower wages and less money to invest. This negative impact is last-ing because it affects generations yet unborn. As we mark this anniversary, let us recom-mit ourselves to ending discrimination against women in all forms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JA8.006 E27JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE95 January 27, 2017 
In the 115th Congress, I will proudly join the Democratic Caucus in continuing the fight for equal pay for equal work, investment in em-ployment opportunities for women, and raising the minimum wage. Because as we know, when ‘‘Women Succeed, America Succeeds.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. LEON A. THOMPSON’S 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. ADRIANO ESPAILLAT 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the celebration of Mr. Leon A. Thompson’s 100th birthday. With nearly a cen-tury passing, Mr. Thompson has dedicated his life to his family, St. Mark’s the Evangelist Catholic Church, the City of New York, and giving back to his Harlem community. Mr. Thompson was born on January 28, 1917 in Washington, D.C. At 18 years old, Mr. Thompson and his three sisters moved to New York City where he has lived since. For 32 years, Mr. Thompson operated the Number 3 and other train lines comprising the original A Division of the Interborough Rapid Transit Company (IRT). These lines later became in-corporated into the modern day New York City Transportation Authority. As a subway motor-man for over three decades, he contributed to an era of growth and modernization of a thriv-ing, welcoming and inclusive New York City. Throughout his life, Mr. Thompson has dedi-cated all the time and effort he could exert for St. Mark’s the Evangelist Catholic Church in Harlem over the last 82 years. This makes him one of the longest practicing parishioners to the church and an indelible figure serving on many boards and ministries. Mr. Thompson has known and worked with every pastor in St. Mark’s the Evangelist Catholic Church dur-ing its 109-year history. For a time, Mr. Thompson worked as an electrician at the Brooklyn Navy Yard. When his work day ended he spent his remaining time working to improve St. Mark’s the Evangelist Catholic Church installing a public announcement sys-tem, lighting system, and refurbishing the pews for the benefit of parishioners and stu-dents of St. Mark’s the Evangelist School whose space was shared. In his spare time, Mr. Thompson taught many young men in his church and community commercial, labor and vocational skills that they employed building and improving New York City. Mr. Thompson has dedicated his life to his fellow parishioners at St. Mark’s the Evangelist Catholic Church, his neighbors and residents of Harlem, and New York City for 82 years. His contributions to the Harlem commu-nity and New York City has made him a role model for all persons, regardless of creed or affiliation, as a public servant and exemplary citizen. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have had the time to recognize and celebrate the tremen-dous life of Mr. Leon A. Thompson and his 100th birthday celebration. THE APOLLO 1 MEMORIAL ACT HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the ‘‘Apollo 1 Memorial Act’’. Today is the 50th Anniversary of the tragedy which claimed the lives of three brave American heroes. This piece of legislation is meant to honor their leg-acy and ensure we never forgot by creating a memorial for them in our national shrine for heroes, Arlington National Cemetery. On January 27, 1967, Astronauts Command Pilot Virgil I. ‘‘Gus’’ Grissom, Senior Pilot Ed-ward H. White II, and Pilot Roger B. Chaffee were killed in an electrical fire that broke out inside their Apollo I Command Module on Launch Pad 34 at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida. The accident led to a detailed internal investigation and con-gressional hearings. As a result of their sac-rifice NASA made improvements and changes to the Apollo program which ultimately re-sulted in Apollo 11 landing on the moon two years later. Although all three astronauts were post-humously awarded the Congressional Space Medal of Honor, these three fearless astro-nauts who were set to be the first Americans into space under the Apollo program have not received a memorial at Arlington as was done for the Space Shuttle Challenger and Colum- bia crews. This bill would redress that unfortunate omission which continues to be a burden on the hearts of those who loved them. Arlington National Cemetery is where we recognize he-roes who have passed in the service of the Nation. It is fitting that on the 50th anniversary of the Apollo I accident we acknowledge these astronauts by building a memorial in their honor. This bill would direct the Secretary of the Army, in consultation with the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), to construct at an ap-propriate place in Arlington National Cemetery, a memorial marker honoring these three he-roic men. In addition to $500,000 from the Army’s fis-cal year 2017 operations and maintenance ap-propriated funds, the bill provides the NASA Administrator with the authority to accept do-nations of services, money, and property to help allay the cost of the memorial marker. In closing, Mr. Speaker, on the 50th anni-versary of the Apollo 1 accident, we have the opportunity to honor these three brave men and their contribution to America’s pre-eminence in human spaceflight. It is time to build a memorial so that current and future Americans never forget their sacrifice. I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle can come together to support this legislation hon-oring these heroes. INTRODUCTION OF JOHN TANNER FAIRNESS AND INDEPENDENCE IN REDISTRICTING ACT HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the John Tanner Fairness and Independ-ence in Redistricting Act, a bill I introduced earlier today. The President of the United States has said our elections are ‘‘rigged.’’ When it comes to the drawing of Congressional districts, he may well be right. In most states, districts are drawn by the state legislature, and as a result, whichever party controls the state legislature ends up drawing Congressional districts specifically de-signed to maximize the number of Congres-sional seats that party can win. In other words, the elected officials choose the voters, instead of the voters choosing the elected officials. If enacted, the John Tanner Fairness and Independence in Redistricting Act would fix this by requiring states to use bipartisan redis-tricting commissions to draw maps. No single party would get to control the process. Historically, both parties have engaged in gerrymandering to some extent or another. But that does not make it right. In a representative democracy, the people need to be able to freely and fairly choose their elected representatives. Unfortunately, that is not always happening. In 2012, Democrats received more than 1.1 million more votes across the country than Re-publicans for the House of Representatives, but because of the way the maps were drawn, Republicans won almost 54 percent of the House seats. In 2016, it has been estimated that Repub-licans won approximately 51 percent of the votes cast across the country for the House of Representatives, but won more than 55 per-cent of the House seats. This is not what the Founders envisioned. They designed the House of Representatives to be the Congressional chamber that most accurately reflects the views of the people. The failure of the House to more accurately reflect the will of the electorate is a formula for the electorate to lose faith in the institution. It makes people cynical and discourages them from participating. We can do better. A democracy is supposed to be a market-place of ideas. The playing field is supposed to be fair and competitive, not gerrymandered and monopolized. I urge my colleagues to pass this bill, and help restore some much needed faith in Con-gress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JA8.009 E27JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D76 Friday, January 27, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 10:00:03 a.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 10:00:14 a.m. until 3 p.m., on Monday, January 30, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 18 pub-lic bills, H.R. 702–719; and 7 resolutions, H.J. Res. 34–35; and H. Res. 64–68 were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H701–02 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H703 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Messer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                              Page H691 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Scott Wilson, Capitol Hill Presbyterian Church, Washington, DC.
          Page H691 
British-American Interparliamentary Group— Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the British-American Inter-parliamentary Group: Representative Holding, Chairman; Representatives Hill, Latta, Aderholt, and Roe (TN).
                                                                        Page H691 
United States Group of the NATO Parliamen-tary Assembly—Appointment: The Chair an-nounced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the United States Group of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly: Representative Turner, Chairman; Representatives Johnson (OH), Marino, Guthrie, Cook, Kinzinger, and Shimkus.
                                                                 Page H691 
House Commission on Congressional Mailing Standards—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members to the House Commission on Congressional Mailing Standards: Representative Rodney Davis (IL), Chair-man; Representatives Latta and Comstock.    Page H691 
Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-tion—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution: Representatives Sam John-son (TX) and Cole.
                                                     Page H691 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Eu-rope—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Representative Smith (NJ), Co-Chairman; Representatives Aderholt, Bur-gess, Hultgren, and Hudson.
                                Page H691 
Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission—Ap-pointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s ap-pointment of the following Member to serve as Co- Chair of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commis-sion: Representative Hultgren.
                             Page H692 
House Democracy Partnership—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member to the House Democracy Partnership: Representative Roskam, Chairman. 
                                                                                              Page H692 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-journed at 2:05 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JA7.REC D27JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D77 January 27, 2017 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: organizational business meeting to consider committee rules, an original resolu-tion authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 115th Congress, and subcommittee membership, 5 p.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: organi-zational business meeting to consider committee rules, an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the com-mittee during the 115th Congress, and the nomination of Linda E. McMahon, of Connecticut, to be Administrator of the Small Business Administration, time to be an-nounced, S–216, Capitol. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on a house joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protec-tion Rule; a house joint resolution providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Securities and Ex-change Commission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers’’; and a house joint resolu-tion providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Social Security Administration relating to Imple-mentation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JA7.REC D27JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD78 January 27, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, January 30 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Rex W. Tillerson, of Texas, to be Secretary of State, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Monday, January 30 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E93, E94 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E95 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E93 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E93 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E94 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E93 Espaillat, Adriano, N.Y., E95 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E94 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E93 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E95 Sensenbrenner, F. James, Jr., Wisc., E93 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E93 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D27JA7.REC D27JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST