Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of Jarrod Dougherty, a young constituent who unexpectedly passed away in an accident on May 8, 2017. His charisma, energy, and talent will be enormously missed. I had the pleasure of meeting Jarrod when he visited my office in Washington, D.C. earlier this year as part of St. Theresa Catholic School’s tour. I will never forget our conversation. Jarrod was a bright and talented student from my Congressional District. He was born on June 29, 2003, in Indio, CA and spent his childhood in Palm Springs and Cathedral City. He attended Cielo Vista Charter School and St. Theresa School where he was beloved by his peers and teachers. Outside of school, Jarrod was involved in our local community. He was an active member of the Victory Christian Center and the Palm Springs Youth League Baseball Organization. He was passionate about sports, and. his favorite teams were the LA Dodgers, Minnesota Vikings, Dallas Stars, and Notre Dame Fighting Irish. Jarrod enjoyed spending time with his family and his dogs. With a smile and a great sense of humor, he brought joy to those who knew him. He was a blessing to his parents, Jarrod and Cassandra, who often referred to him as Jr., Bub, Bubba, or Bubbas. Another one of his nicknames was Country, given his love for country music. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the memory of Jarrod Dougherty. I am grateful for the opportunity to have met such a charming young man, and on behalf of California’s 36th Congressional District, I extend my deepest sympathies to his family and loved ones. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND MEMORY OF OFFICER PAUL KOZIEL 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I honor the life and memory of Paul Koziel, and express my deepest condolences to his colleagues, family, and friends. On August 20, 2017, Officer Koziel passed away suddenly at the young age of 48. He epitomized the definition of public servant, having served as a police officer across several communities in Pennsylvania’s 11th District. Over the course of his storied career, Officer Koziel served in Kline Township, West Hazleton, and Allentown. He joined the Allentown force in 2003 and quickly rose through the ranks. In 2012, he advanced to the Criminal Investigations Team, followed by the Crisis Negotiation Team in 2016, and finally, the Lehigh County Insurance Fraud Task Force earlier this year. Officer Koziel’s hard work and dedication to public service was rightfully recognized in two Merit Commendations and a Bravery Commendation. Regrettably, Officer Koziel was taken from us too soon. In addition to his mother, he is survived by his wife, Susan, his brothers and sisters Mary, Julia, Dorothea, and Michael, as well as his faithful pets, Josey Wales, Lily, Dirty Harry, Julius, Coco, Pixie, Vera, and Gypsy. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring the life and memory of Paul Koziel. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF TAD DAVIS’ TENURE OF SERVICE TO THE TOWN OF SPRING LAKE AND THE SURROUNDING COMMUNITY 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Tad Davis for his years of service to our community upon his appointment as the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment at the Department of Defense. Mr. Davis has admirably and faithfully served citizens across North Carolina’s 8th Congressional District for decades. I had the privilege of working handinhand with Mr. Davis when he was Garrison Commander of Fort Bragg, the epicenter of the universe and the nation’s largest military installation. During those years, he was a fantastic steward of Fort Bragg’s resources and helped lead the charge for muchneeded modernization and expansion at the base. Over the last two years, Mr. Davis has served as the Town Manager of the town of Spring Lake, North Carolina. During his tenure, Mr. Davis assisted the Board of Alderman and Mayor Chris Rey in reestablishing sound financial management procedures, led the Town’s preparation for and response to several natural disasters, most notably Hurricane Matthew, and worked closely with a multitude of state and local organizations, local businesses, Fort Bragg/Pope Army Air Field, non profits, churches and the citizens of Spring, Lake to make the town truly a great place to live, work, play and worship. Tad is also known as a pillar of the community. Despite the long hours he put in as Town Manager, he was still heavily engaged with a host of local community organizations, including the Fayetteville Technical Community College Foundation Board of Directors; the Regional Land Use Advisory Commission Board of Directors, the Sustainable Sandhills Board of Directors, FAMPO, the Cape Fear Regional Theater, the Fayetteville Symphony, the Sandhills Family Heritage Association, the Arts Council, Cumberland County Schools, the Sons of the American Revolution, AUSA, MOAA, and American Legion Post 230. Tad Davis has amassed an outstanding military and professional career serving people without seeking personal acclaim or recognition—I think it’s only fitting that we honor Mr. Davis from the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives today. Tad’s leadership will be missed in Cumberland County and the 8th District, but our country will benefit from his new role at the Pentagon under Secretary of Defense James Mattis. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in recognizing the nomination of Tad Davis for his years of service to Spring Lake and our community, and his appointment to the Pentagon. f 
Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Trine University. A recent article by ABC 21 in Fort Wayne recognized the accomplishments of the University. There has been a school of engineering at Angola’s Trine University since 1902 and if you think a smalltown college can’t leave its mark on the world, think again. Within the walls of the university’s Brock Center stands the Hall of Innovation, a hall of fame, really, honoring over two hundred Trine alums who have more than 900 patents to their credit and many of their inventions we can’t imagine doing without. Robert Dietz, Class of ’52, invented the ground fault circuit interrupter, that electrical outlet you find in bathrooms that keep you from being electrocuted. Ralph Freathy invented the record changer, the device that lets you stack records eight or ten high for continuous music. Robert Molitor, Class of ’42, invented the modern golf ball and Charles Montagna, Class of ’49, invented the loop the loop racetrack for Hot Wheels cars . . . many of us remember that. Speaking of cars, Daniel Wisner, Class of ’54, invented cruise control. ‘‘A good solution made by a good engineer that has lasted the test of time,’’ says Innovation One director Jason Blume. ‘‘The engineers that have walked these halls and this campus in northeast Indiana, they’re worldwide in impacting the world in every way that we can.’’ The Hall of Fame isn’t restricted to men. Judy Scheftic, Class of ’84, developed a method for purifying metals and Angie Mannon, Class of ’87, figured out a better way to cool automotive turbochargers and superchargers. 208 brilliant alums are honored here, another 23 will be added during homecoming week 
next month and many more after that no doubt. An impressive contribution to life on planet earth, made quietly and continuously in a bright little corner of 21 Country. ‘‘If we look in the future this space is gonna be too small to have all the impact and innovation,’’ says Blume. ‘‘I don’t know what we’ll see in the next hundred years.’’ 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Steel Warehouse Company and join them in celebrating 70 years of success. Three generations ago, the Lerman family set up a small shop, which quickly expanded its capabilities and began serving South Bend, Indiana, and the surrounding communities. Now 70 years later, with more than 600 employees, Steel Warehouse has established a global industrial network to deliver highquality materials to their customers. This family owned business sets a high bar within the steel industry, and I am so grateful for the outstanding innovation and quality of service Steel Warehouse provides. A leader in its field, Steel Warehouse uses the incredible strength of large, powerful machinery while harnessing the brainpower of its highly skilled engineers, operators, and technicians. The company’s commitment to steady growth has enabled it to expand far beyond its headquarters in South Bend. In fact, with fourteen locations, Steel Warehouse employs workers across the U.S., Mexico and Brazil, and utilizes a growing relationship with steel mills throughout the Midwest and around the world to purchase the best supply for its customers. Not only have this company’s capabilities increased immensely with new technology and growing markets in the Midwest, the Lerman family’s unique adaptability and dynamic ingenuity has created a business model built on creativity and problemsolving. As the State of Indiana continues to lead the nation in steel production, Steel Warehouse is an extraordinary example for businesses across Indiana and the United States. It is a privilege and an honor to represent Steel Warehouse, the Lerman family, and the hardworking employees who have played such a positive role in northern Indiana’s growing economy for decades. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Indiana’s 2nd District, I want to thank Steel Warehouse for an incredible 70 years, and I look forward to the continued growth and expansion that lies ahead. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate Daniel Korten and Kristina Carl (KC) Gayagoy on their upcoming wedding on September 9, 2017. Daniel of East Brunswick and KC of Ventnor met each other working at the Dow Jones’ offices in South Brunswick, New Jersey. Daniel and KC went on their first date on August 6, 2011. What started from a single date grew into a loving and flourishing relationship of more than six years. In that time they have traveled the globe, embarked on new and exciting careers, and have moved across the country. Each step on their journey has been filled with wonder as their love for one another grew. Through thick and thin, Daniel and KC have proven that true love exists and that when you find that special person, you will never be alone. On Saturday, September 9, 2017, Daniel and KC will confess their love for one another in front of their friends and families—marking the special occasion as the beginning of the next chapter of their journey together. I wish them both a long, joyful, and healthy marriage. May their love only grow stronger and may they always be blessed. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in Congress to join me in congratulating Daniel and KC. f 
DELTA SIGMA THETA SORORITY, INC., DR. PAULETTE C. WALKER 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding work of a visionary and a dedicated leader of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., Dr. Paulette C. Walker. Dr. Walker has dedicated her life to improving the lives of others through education and public service. Today, I am grateful to recognize her selfless dedication and honor her valuable contributions to our community. Dr. Walker served as the 25th National President of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. A Detroit native she is now a proud Floridian calling the Tampa Bay area home since February 1990. Dr. Walker has served Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. on the local, regional and national levels for more than 45 years. Dr. Walker was initiated into Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. through the Epsilon Epsilon Chapter in 1966 and earned her bachelor’s degree in mathematics education from Michigan State University, master’s degree in guidance and counseling from the University of Michigan, and her doctorate of education in administration and supervision also from UM. Dr. Walker’s research was on curriculum and instruction as well as administration and supervision with a focus on urban schools. She has also served as a classroom teacher, middle school and high school counselor, director of counseling, assistant principal and districtwide supervisor of state and federal projects. Her education, experience and expertise even combined to help her coauthor a book, ‘‘We Can Have Better Urban Schools.’’ In July 2011, she retired as the Director of Undergraduate Programs and Internship in the College of Education at the University of South Florida. Throughout her career, Dr. Walker received numerous awards from several professional, civic and religious organizations. These flowed from her hard work and belief that every person has a special gift that should be shared with the world. She is the recipient of the Hank Nuwer AntiHazing Hero Award; Ronald McNair Scholars Research Mentor Award; Ronald McNair Scholars Role Model Mentor Award; Outstanding Undergraduate Advisor Award from the University of South Florida; Certificate of Merit, Institutional Award, American College Testing Program and National Academic Advising Association; and the President’s Affirmative Act Award, University of South Florida. Dr. Walker is an active member of Mt. Olive AME Church in Tampa, Florida where she serves on the Trustee Board. Her other professional and community affiliations include: Board of Supervisors for Coahoma County; Member of the Council of Presidents—The National PanHellenic Council; PACE Center for Girls Advisory Board; Moffitt Cancer Center African American Advisory Board; Mt. Olive Tampa Community Development Center, Mt. Pleasant Charter School Advisory Board. The State of Florida has recognized how valuable her counsel can be and appointed her to the Governor’s Commission on African American Affairs. Also, at the state level she serves on the American Cancer Society’s Hank Warren Advisory Board. Our neighbors also don’t lack for her service and vision as she serves in Hillsborough County on the Literacy Volunteers of America Board of Directors, American Diabetes Association Board of Directors, BibleBased Christian Fellowship Academy Board of Directors and Moffitt Cancer Center Community Council Research Board. Mr. Speaker, on the behalf of my neighbors in my hometown and indeed the entire Tampa Bay community where she has touched so many lives, we thank Dr. Paulette C. Walker for inspiring everyone to find their special gift and serve the world. I am proud to honor the ‘‘Devastating Diva of Delta Sigma Theta, Sorority, Inc.’’, Dr. Paulette C. Walker for her uncompromising commitment to her country, state and community for more than 50 years. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor for me to join the residents of Sugar Notch, Pennsylvania in celebrating the borough’s 150th Anniversary. The last 150 years have proven transformative for the borough, demonstrating its vitality and strong sense of community. Originally a part of Hanover Township, Sugar Notch first began to develop its independent identity when its early pioneers constructed log homes and harvested maple syrup from local forests. On April 3rd of 1867, Sugar Notch officially became a borough, home to 53 households and a large boarding house. From there, it carved out its place in Luzerne County and in the Commonwealth’s history. The construction of railroads helped bring a thriving coal industry to the borough. Several small businesses and schools quickly followed, and, by 1870, Sugar Notch’s original population had more than doubled. 
Over the years, the Sugar Notch community grew and thrived. It contributed not just to Pennsylvania, but also to the entire nation, sending many soldiers to serve in the U.S. Armed Forces. In 1948, the borough displayed its dedication to its servicemembers by erecting a memorial bearing the names of local war heroes. It was the first memorial in the U.S. to honor the late President Franklin D. Roosevelt, and the unveiling of the memorial drew more than 4,000 attendees, as well as former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt. This year, the borough of Sugar Notch celebrates its 150th Anniversary, recognizing its long record of history and service. The event will be marked by a reenactment of the dedication of the FDR Memorial, and the publication of a commemorative booklet that will no doubt pass on the borough’s story to future generations. I am honored to represent Sugar Notch, Pennsylvania and take great pride in the borough’s history, success, and sense of community. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the borough of Sugar Notch’s 150th Anniversary. 
HONORING MRS. EMMA L. KERN BLACK ON THE OCCASION OF HER 80TH BIRTHDAY 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Mrs. Emma L. Kern Black on the occasion of her 80th birthday, which was celebrated on January 8, 2017. Emma was born in Kosciusko, Mississippi to Mr. Jimmy and Manella Kern in 1937. Graduating as valedictorian of her high school in 1955, Emma went on to receive her Bachelor of Science degree from Jackson State College and receive her Master of Science from the University of WisconsinMadison in 1965. During her time in college, Emma became a member of organizations such as Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society, the Sunday School Organization and the Who’s Who in Colleges and Universities. With a love for education, Emma began her career as a third grade teacher at Oak Park Elementary School in Laurel, Mississippi in 1959 until 1964. Emma went on to serve in the Broward County Public School System as a primary early childhood education specialist until her retirement in 1995. During her career, Emma collaborated and led multiple educational projects and served on student and teacher evaluation teams representing the Southern Association of Schools and Colleges. Emma additionally was an adjunct professor at Nova University of Broward County. As an active member of First Baptist Church Piney Grove in Fort Lauderdale, Emma served as organizer, musician and director of the Junior Choir for 26 years and Sunday School teacher and musician for over 40 years. This dedication and devotion resulted in her being recognized with the ‘‘Women in Religion’’ award by the Broward County Chapter of Charmettes, Inc. in 2002. Emma’s community activities involve: The Lakeside Homeowners Association; the Board of Adjustment for the City of Oakland; Rock Island Elementary School Improvement Team; the Broward County School Readiness Coalition; the Cradle Nursey Boards of Director; the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP); the Urban League of Broward County; as well as being a Golden Life Member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Alumni Chapter of Fort Lauderdale; a member of the Jackson State University Alumni Association; and Broward County Retired Teachers Association. After more than 40 years of public service, Emma enjoys traveling domestically and internationally with her husband Dr. Malcolm Black, whom she met the first night of college at a freshmen gathering on campus. Mr. Speaker, I have had the great privilege of knowing Mrs. Emma Kern Black for many years. I am so happy to be able to honor her on the occasion of her 80th birthday, and wish her many more years of happiness and success. f 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a remarkable man who has dedicated his life to improving the lives of veterans. Irwin Stovroff, originally from Buffalo, NY, was shot down over France in August of 1944, during his last mission as a Bombardier with the 44th Bomb Group during World War II. Upon parachuting down to safety, Stovroff landed in Nazioccupied territory. Fearing the Nazis would discover his Jewish roots, Stovroff removed his dog tags before his capture. Upon capture, Stovroff was recognized by one of the Nazi interrogators from his hometown in New York. In fact, Stovroff had been the Nazi interrogator’s newspaper boy. Fortunately, the Nazi interrogator saved his life by putting a ‘‘question mark’’ on his records. After liberation from the Nazi POW camp, Stovroff returned to the United States where he finished his education, married, and started a family. He led a successful postmilitary career in furniture, but at the age of 75, began to volunteer at a VA Medical Center in South Florida. While working over the years to get our veterans the benefits and care they so deserve, Stovroff noticed that the Department of Veterans Affairs does not receive any funding to provide service dogs to veterans. Knowing the great benefit that service dogs can have on the rehabilitation of veterans, he was determined to change that. In 2006, at the age of 84, Stovroff launched Vets Helping Heroes, an organization dedicated to financing the acquisition and training of service dogs for wounded veterans and active duty military personnel. Along with his board of directors and donors, Stovroff has now raised over $4.5 million to pay for trained service dogs for more than 400 wounded veterans. As Mr. Stovroff continues to help and change the lives of veterans, it is my hope that he feels a deep sense of accomplishment and pride for the outstanding contributions he has made to our veterans and military. I believe I can speak on behalf of our country in thanking him for his extraordinary efforts. f 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor for me to recognize the Keystone Job Corps on its 50th Anniversary. For the past 50 years, the Keystone Job Corps Center has helped young people in Pennsylvania’s 11th District realize their potential through work training and continued education. Keystone, and its dedicated faculty, make it possible for students to find their path forward—whether that be immediately entering the workforce, or through other higher education opportunities. But Keystone’s investment in its students does not stop there. The center teaches students how to be active members of their communities. I witnessed this firsthand when I was Mayor of Hazleton. I saw Keystone students work tirelessly to restore old sidewalks around City Hall. They even took part in a downtown beautification project—designing trash receptacles that are admired to this day. They continue to participate in the United Way’s annual Thanksgiving Dinner and volunteer with Habitat for Humanity. In a similar way, the Hazleton area community gives back to Keystone. Keystone has a strong relationship with the Butler Township Police Department—one that has been ongoing for the past five decades. Officers will come to campus to talk to students interested in a career in security, and discuss the rewards of being in law enforcement. Local church leaders will come to the center to give students a chance to talk to someone if something is bothering them. Retired members of the community will drop by to tutor students. I’ve even been able to provide Keystone students with a unique insight into our nation’s political process through internships in my offices here in Pennsylvania’s 11th Congressional District. Keystone has become a staple in the Hazleton area community—something that is clearly seen in the partnerships it has developed. As someone who grew up in Hazleton, I am eternally grateful for the work the center does on behalf of its students and our community. As a Member of Congress and as the Republican Chair of the Congressional Job Corps Caucus, I commend Keystone and its faculty for working every day to change the course of a young person’s life through engagement and education. I congratulate the Keystone Job Corps Center on all it has accomplished in the last 50 years, and I wish its staff, faculty, and students all the best throughout the next 50 years. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the Keystone Job Corps on its 50th Anniversary. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to bring greetings to the Sixth Councill Training AllSchool Reunion. As the first black Congresswoman from Alabama, I know I owe a debt of gratitude to the Councill Training School family. As Huntsville’s only school for African Americans before desegregation, Councill Training School represents an important piece of civil rights history in Alabama. Until desegregation in 1970, the school educated the entire black population of Huntsville, servicing students from kindergarten to twelfth grade. Councill Training School is near and dear to my heart. Both of my parents began their careers as educators at Councill Training School after graduating from Alabama State University. My mother, Nancy Gardner was the school librarian while my father, Coach Andrew A. Sewell, was the basketball, football, and track coach. It was on the hallowed grounds of Councill Training School that my parents met and fell in love. In June of 1963, they married and bought their first house. My mother often tells me the story of how when I was born a few years later, the head cheerleader at the time named me, and I immediately became the ‘‘Councill Training School Baby’’. Councill Training School was our family’s first home, and will always hold a special place in our heart. The legacy of Councill Training School is one of excellence and pride, and will live on in the hearts of the students, faculty, staff and community that it shaped. I am honored to be able to join the classes of 1948 through 1970 in celebrating the Sixth Councill Training School Reunion and hope there are many more to come. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MR. DONALD RICHARD WILSON 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Mr. Donald Richard Wilson, who sadly died on July 25, 2017 at the age of 77. Mr. Wilson, as he was affectionately known by so many, was born on April 22, 1940 to William (Gus) and Annie Mae Wilson. He remained a lifelong resident of Palm Beach County. During his youth, he, along with his two brothers was raised with strict Christian discipline by their mother, Annie Mae Wilson. She worked tirelessly to insure that the boys would receive the best possible education and upbringing she could provide. A product of the Palm Beach County Public School System, Donald graduated in 1958 from Roosevelt High School, going on to Bethune Cookman, and Florida A&M Universities. After college, he returned home with a degree in elementary education and Gloria, his wife, who was the love of his life for fifty three years. Baptized at an early age in St. Paul AME Church, Donald remained a member in good standing throughout his life. He sang in the choir and chaired the Cultural and Artistic Committee and the Steward Board. Donald retired from the Palm Beach County School District in 1996, having served for 35 years as a teacher and administrator. For 22 years, he officiated in children’s football and basketball games. A man who truly loved his city, he served on Riviera Beach’s City Council for six years. Donald Wilson was significantly involved in getting the first black firefighters hired in Riviera Beach. He helped produce many Afro Arts festivals and fathered the Riviera Beach Jazz & Blues Festival. Donald was principally involved in awarding over 2,500 athletic scholarships, 2,000 academic scholarships and 750 personal need scholarships to black students, during his 51year tenure as Vice President of the Youth Recreation Association of Riviera Beach. Mr. Speaker, Donald Wilson was a wonderful husband, father, grandfather and friend to so many. He was a highly respected member of his community. Donald left behind a great legacy to which everyone who knew him will always point as a life well lived. I was proud to call him my friend, and will dearly miss him. HONORING MAJOR GENERAL DANIEL L. YORK FOR 36 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES ARMY HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Major General Daniel L. York for his thirtysix years of distinguished service to a grateful nation. His tremendous leadership and commitment to excellence reflect the highest standards of our nation’s military. MG York’s steadfast devotion to our Creator and the Christian faith during his many years in the United States Army have surely left an enduring testimony with his family, friends and all who shared in his military career. I am very proud to be his friend and brother in Christ and I wish him many blessings in retirement. Major General York most recently served as the North American Aerospace Defense Command and United States Northern Command Special Assistant to the Commander for Reserve Matters. As an Army Reservist, he has over thirty years of service commanding at the company, battalion, brigade, and division level. He earned the coveted Ranger Tab, Parachutist Badge, Air Assault Badge, Jungle Expert Badge, Rappel Master, and Expert Infantryman Badge. Major General York graduated from West Point with a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering and a Masters of Divinity from Bethel (West) Seminary and a Masters of Strategic Studies degree from the U.S. Army War College. As a civilian leader in his community, Major General York serves as the Director of First Cause, an International Leadership Development NGO he created in 2000, active in six countries. He is also a Senior Advisor for Thayer Leader Development Group at West Point. In 2012 he founded VetREST a non profit created to help Veterans with Post Traumatic Stress (PTS). He serves as the Board Chairman for VetREST and is helping the organization establish chapters nationwide. Major General York also started and pastored three churches and speaks both nationally and internationally on leadership and related topics. Major General York is married to the former Kathleen Hardy and they have three children and three grandchildren. 
The Senate met at 11:30:01 a.m. in pro forma session, and adjourned at 11:30:37 a.m. until 2:30 p.m., on Tuesday, August 29, 2017. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 2 public bills, H.R. 3665–3666 were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 965, to redesignate the SaintGaudens National Historic Site as the ‘‘SaintGaudens National Historical Park’’, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–277); and H.R. 1807, to exempt from the Lacey Act and the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 certain water transfers between any of the States of Texas, Arkansas, and Louisiana (H. Rept. 115–278, Part 1). 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Long to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Vincent De Rosa, St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church, Washington, DC. 
                                                                                            Page H6617 Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 11 a.m. and adjourned at 11:02 a.m. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2:30 p.m., Tuesday, August 29 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, August 29 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 12 noon. 
HOUSE Banks, Jim, Ind., E1145 Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1145, E1146, E1147 Castor, Kathy, Fla., E1146 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1147, E1148 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1145 Jones, Walter B., N.C., E1147 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E1148 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E1145 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1148 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1146 Watson Coleman, Bonnie, N.J., E1146 