Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great American, a man named Gus Schumacher, a man whose enduring legacy and indefatigable work ethic in the field of agriculture improved the lives of untold millions of people in our country and those America touches around the world—yes, farmers from all walks of life, including the smallest producers, not just the biggest, including people who are hungry. I remember one time Gus spoke with me about going through nursing homes in western Iowa and how America had to do a better job of reaching places that were forgotten, places that you would not expect to find hungry people. Gus’ work touched people across a broad variety of pursuits. He wasn’t limited by the false urbanrural divide that our country lives with, and he touched citizens across the income spectrum. It was with deep sadness that we learned of the news that Gus, a former Under Secretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture for both Democratic and Republican Presidents, Bill 
Clinton and George Bush, and a founding board chair of an organization called Wholesome Wave, passed away unexpectedly last month. A few days before his death, he had come to our office offering his help to the Congress on the new farm bill. He cared so much about people. He cared so much about nutrition. He understood the foundational power of agriculture in our Nation, so blessed with the resources to feed ourselves and the world if we put our shoulder to the wheel. Simply, Gus loved and lived agriculture. He had experience from the time he was a child that directed him toward farming and all of its array. The farmers market was in his DNA. He was born in Massachusetts on a farm in Lexington and bridged the divide between city and rural dwellers. This approach was the American way, the American family way. His grandfather and greatgrandfather farmed, get this, in New York City, where they grew vegetables in enclosed greenhouses and sold what they grew at city markets. He knew agriculture from the inside, even inside a place like New York City, where now, with modern technology, we are growing lettuce on walls as high as the ceiling of this Chamber in which I speak. When Gus was young, he was loading up his brother’s truck, and a box of pears fell off the truck and scattered all over the ground. Two young boys and their mother ran up, and they began picking up the pears. The mother explained that she was on food stamps and unable to afford fresh produce for her kids. Gus’ heart broke, and his life’s work began and he never stopped. Gus worked tirelessly to support local farming and local agriculture, and I cannot underline local, local, local enough. He became an American force in the farmtotable movement, encouraging restaurants and stores to buy produce locally. He saw communities shattered across our country when that local production food chain was broken, and he used his last ounce of strength to reconnect it. Most recently, in preparation for the upcoming farm bill, he selflessly helped create provisions in H.R. 3699, the new Urban Agriculture Production Act, a bill that really focuses on producing, in some of the most forgotten places, with innovative farming practices, including in urban food deserts. He never stopped trying. I loved him because he loved farmers markets, and I love farmers markets. Nothing creates community more than growing and feeding the local population. As we move to such large institutions that seem almost unapproachable by the average American, Gus was always bringing power back to people. He expanded programs to include veterans, including the Senior Farmers’ Market Nutrition Program, as we attempt to pass a new farm bill, making sure that our veterans are included in that extraordinarily popular coupon program. Gus was humble, kind, visionary, passionate, compassionate, generous, and dedicated, and a man for all seasons. In closing, let me say Gus Schumacher will always be remembered as a gentle giant who packed a powerful punch. His impact will not be forgotten, and his legacy will live on and carry his dreams forward. Mr. Speaker, I will tell you, I am going to devote every ounce of energy I have in the new farm bill to making his dreams come true. 
STEVE TAZZA AND THE VETERAN OPPORTUNITY PARTNERS ARE DEVOTED TO SUPPORTING VETERANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Steve Tazza and the Veteran Opportunity Partners for their devotion to supporting the veterans of my district. By encouraging the growth of veteranowned businesses, Veteran Opportunity Partners provides an example for us all about the importance of serving our Nation’s heroes. Veteran Opportunity Partners and Steve Tazza began providing services to the residents of my district and career opportunities to our veterans in the spring of 2017. They plan to expand the geographic reach of their service to our vets, while creating hundreds of careers for our veterans, in the years to come. The work that Mr. Tazza and those at Veteran Opportunity Partners do for our veterans is not only worthy of our recognition, Mr. Speaker, but it is also worthy of our support. We are so proud of all they do to serve our Nation’s heroes. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize FIRST Robotics and their student mentoring program for its commitment to inspiring young leaders in our Nation and in my district. FIRST Robotics, through their competitions and mentorbased programs, engages young people to help foster an understanding and appreciation for science and technology. FIRST Robotics competitions take place across the world. From as young as 6 to as old as 18, students can get involved in technology and robotics challenges like the FIRST Robotics Competition. The FIRST Robotics Competition asks high school students to design, build, and test robots over the course of 6 weeks. Students fundraise the entirety of the money they need for these robots, which can cost thousands of dollars to build, by partnering with local businesses or applying for grants. By taking part in these competitions and working with older mentors, students learn invaluable skills, like technological research, to help them develop into wellrounded individuals. I am proud to have 26 FIRST teams in my district. The young people involved in these leagues and competitions, including those who mentor them, show the leadership and inquisitive spirit necessary for our future technological innovators. f 
THE ART OF THE TAX DEAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I proudly present the art of the deal: In the tax deal before us, we provide permanent tax cuts for individuals who are multimillionaires and billionaires. With this deal, all middle class families will eventually face a tax increase since tax relief for them expires. All taxes, of course, go up on folks earning as little as $10,000 a year almost immediately. After all, Mr. Speaker, somebody’s got to pay for the wealthy’s permanent tax cuts. Now, how do we get buyin from the middle class, you ask. Well, here is the beauty of the deal, Mr. Speaker. We will trickle down a few crumbs from the master’s table to get some of them through one or two Christmas shopping seasons; and let’s tell them that they can do their taxes on a postcard and that they will just love that they won’t have to go through all the tedious math work of receiving thousands of dollars in personal exemptions and State income and local tax relief. b1015 They won’t have to do all of that subtracting of medical expenses and student loan interest from their tax obligations. We will promise them jobs. Hey, yeah, let’s do that through dynamic scoring, trickledown and voodoo economic growth like we did during the Reagan and Bush years, back when we gave trillions of dollars in tax cuts to the wealthy and created the deficits that are now dragging on our economy. Mr. Speaker, people are so desperate that they will believe us. Of course, we will have to cut $25 billion out of Social Security immediately to meet budget rules, or maybe we can just cut some veteran benefits from mandatory spending. We are targeting $1.5 trillion in cuts to Medicaid and Medicare, but don’t worry, Mr. Speaker, we will just defame recipients of these benefits as unworthy welfare cheats and the general public will go for our deal. Mr. Speaker, let’s adopt a better deal. Let’s pursue a commonsensical means of growing the economy, like spending these trillions of dollars on infrastructure instead of a giveaway to the wealthy, by providing postsecondary opportunity and skill development to our next generation of 
innovators and workers instead of taxing our students into an abyss of debt. Let’s fund research on medical cures instead of burying the infirm into early graves. Let us reject this abomination of a tax bill. 
STOP GOVERNMENT SPYING ON AMERICANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, most Americans may not be aware of what is taking place by our government. Our government is spying on Americans and I think it is in violation of the U.S. Constitution. In all of the talk that we have been having the last few weeks, we are missing one of the most basic issues that we hold dear: the right of privacy. Let me explain how it is taking place. Go back to Snowden. We didn’t know about all of the spying going on in America until Snowden revealed that. I am no fan of his. I think he ought to be prosecuted, but we know information about our government spying on our Americans because of his disclosures. Let me talk about specifically the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. What is that? FISA allows our government to spy on foreign agents, which includes terrorists, primarily overseas. So what happens is the government goes to a FISA court. What is that? It is a secret court that operates in secret that issues secret warrants. I personally have an issue with that because it reminds me too much of the Star Chamber in England where they operated in secret and tried people in secret. As a former judge, I am very concerned about the loss of our Fourth Amendment right of privacy in the United States based on this law. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act courts operate in secret and issue warrants to go after bad guys overseas. So they seize that information and they put it in a database. Here is what happens: while seizing that information of communication— maybe an alQaida guy talking to another alQaida guy—they put that information in a database, but also that information is seized on Americans. Incidental is what they call that. That may be a communication with an American that has nothing to do with terrorism. It could be something else. So that information is seized on Americans based on this warrant by a FISA judge on foreigners. The information is put in the database. Here is what happens: occasionally, the government decides to go into that database that was seized without a Fourth Amendment warrant and see how many times a name comes up. They call it a query. That is another fancy name for a search. So they search that database to see how many times Bobby Oglethorpe’s name pops up. Then they go to their administrative folks and get a piece of paper that allows them then a second search. They search that database to see if Bobby Oglethorpe is committing crimes in the U.S., having nothing to do with terrorism. Maybe it is bank robbery, maybe it is IRS fraud, maybe it violates other laws in the United States. So then they seize that information, and we don’t know how many times they do that. The Judiciary Committee has asked the Justice Department: How many times have you done that? They refuse to tell us. Suspicious, isn’t it? I will tell you how many times it is. According to The Washington Post, 90 percent of the account holders whose communications were collected were not the targets, the bad guys overseas. Ninety percent of them. Many of them were Americans. Nearly half of the surveillance files contained names, email addresses, and other details that the NSA marked as belonging to U.S. citizens or residents. So what information are they getting? Emails, communications, text messages. They seize that, then they go through that database to see if Bobby Oglethorpe is a bank robber or whatever, and all of that is done in secret. Remember, secret courts issuing secret warrants, and they don’t tell anybody about that. That is a violation of the Fourth Amendment on Americans. Let me read the Fourth Amendment: ‘‘The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.’’ Mr. Speaker, the Fourth Amendment is sacred to this country, and I include in the RECORD the Fourth Amendment. 
AMENDMENT [IV.] The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in this situation, government seizes the information without a probable cause warrant. Then they search the information to see how many times Bobby Oglethorpe maybe has violated other laws, and they do it without a probable cause warrant. That is allowed under 702 of the FISA legislation. We are getting ready to reauthorize FISA. This 702 provision should require a warrant to search that information, a warrant to take the content of that information and make it public, and file on Bobby Oglethorpe. Mr. Speaker, Congress must set the standard for privacy, not the courts; and we are called upon to fix this spying on Americans and not allow it. And that is just the way it is. f 
OPIOID CRISIS AND EFFORTS IN ARKANSAS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, this morning I rise to express my concern about the opioid epidemic that is plaguing our Nation, hurting our families, reducing productivity, and, really, one of the most shocking things that we have been experiencing across this land. I want to recognize some people in Arkansas who are making a real difference. In 2015, 392 Arkansans lost their lives to drug overdose. This crisis is terrifying and is killing our young adults and breaking up our families. They have lost acquaintances, friends, classmates, and family members to the grip of prescription drugs and illegal substances. In Arkansas, Drug Director Kirk Lane is facing this issue headon, coordinating the State’s drug and alcohol prevention, treatment, education, and law enforcement efforts. Curt Bradbury, who lost his son to substance abuse in 2010, has been out front and a tremendous ally in the fight to curtail the abuse of controlled substances. His contributions helped start the Arkansas Prescription Monitoring Program, a database that tracks the prescription of controlled substances across our State. Jerry Jones’ tremendous advocacy efforts in Arkansas led to the passage of Arkansas Act 820, requiring prescribers to check the Prescription Drug Monitoring Program every time they prescribe a Schedule II and Schedule III opioid. I am proud to recognize these three individuals this morning for their positive efforts at tackling this devastating epidemic affecting our families. 
HATE CAN’T WAIT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this morning, to quote a great American poet and civil rights leader, a great writer, a noble American, ‘‘And Still I Rise.’’ And still I rise, Mr. Speaker. I rise to take a stand on behalf of the many people who suffer harm as a result of those who incite hate. Anyone who incites hate is a person that ought to be called upon to either stop it or be removed from a position such that they can harm society. So I rise today to take a stand against those who would incite the bigot to practice bigotry, those who would incite the racist to practice racism, the sexist to practice sexism; the 
homophobe to practice homophobia, the antiSemite to practice antiSemitism, the Islamophobe to practice Islamophobia. There are those who think that hate can wait, Mr. Speaker. I am not one of them. When hate emanates from the highest office in the land, when hate emanates from a person who has more power than any other person in the world, when hate emanates from the Presidency, the solution is impeachment. Impeachment will be voted on before Christmas. I rise to stand against hate. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 26 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DESJARLAIS ) at noon. 
PRAYER Pastor Ron Dunn, New Hope Ministries, Akron, Michigan, offered the following prayer: Our Father and our God in Heaven, we praise You for Your goodness to this great Nation, giving us blessings far beyond what we deserve. Direct the elected leaders of this governing body to meet the many challenges that this Nation faces today and in the future. Give them wisdom to know what is right, and the courage to act upon it. Set their feet on the path of Your righteousness and peace. Strengthen their determination to give witness to these truths by the way we should live. Give them harmony that puts an end to disunity, love for one another that extinguishes hatred, and compassion that overcomes hostility. Inspire all people to pursue Your commandment of love for one another. We pray this in the name of God, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and my God, Jesus Christ. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. MCKINLEY led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING PASTOR RON DUNN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Pastor Ron Dunn from Akron, Michigan, who delivered that wonderful opening prayer. Pastor Dunn is an ordained bishop with the Church of God, and is senior pastor of New Hope Ministries in Akron, Michigan, not Ohio. His work is well known beyond the walls of the church. Pastor Dunn has led New Hope Ministries to assist those in need in the Akron community. Under Pastor Dunn’s leadership, New Hope Ministries has provided food, clothing, counseling, and even assisted local families in sending their children to summer camp. His service and work is truly an example for all of us here and across the country. Pastor Dunn is also known in our community as the head football coach of the AkronFairgrove Junior/Senior High School, where he has mentored the team to grow into upstanding young men. Pastor Dunn’s life of service extends back to his service in the United States Army. Pastor Dunn is a veteran of Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. Mr. Speaker, our community and our Nation are grateful for Pastor Dunn’s service and sacrifice. It is an honor to welcome him to the Capitol today. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, over the Thanksgiving holiday week, the State of Arkansas and our Nation lost a devoted public servant with the passing of State Senator Greg Standridge of Russellville, Arkansas. He was a 1985 graduate of Russellville High School. He was a Cyclone through and through. Greg was coowner of CSI Insurance Agency in his hometown, was a longtime active member of First Baptist Church, and a member of the Russellville Football Booster Club. He found time to serve on boards for Workforce Investment, Pope County 911, Teen Challenge Women’s Ministry, and the Pope County Fair. He was active with the Pope County Emergency Services Rescue Unit and was a volunteer firefighter. Greg was elected to the Arkansas State Senate in a special election in 2015 and selflessly dedicated himself to improving Arkansas while fighting his long battle with cancer. Mr. Speaker, as former President George H.W. Bush said many years ago, any evaluation of having lived a successful life must include a measure of service to others. Senator Standridge may have died young at the age of 50, but his life was truly well lived. I join his wife of 26 years, Karen Standridge; their children, Hunter, Lakin, Cameron, and Breonna; his mother, Jewel Simcox; his late father, Marvin Standridge; his sister and my classmate, Jeania Evans; and other extended family members in celebrating Greg’s life. Mr. Speaker, we will always remember his infectious smile that could fill every room. f 
SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND ASSAULT MUST STOP (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, for too long, survivors of sexual harassment and assault have been isolated, shamed, and bullied into silence, while their abusers walk away scotfree with the privilege of anonymity and with no personal or financial accountability. This has been happening right here in Congress, in media, in many sectors in our society. No one, whether it be a Capitol Hill staffer, a Hollywood actor, a schoolteacher, a soldier, or anyone in any profession, at no time should they have to choose between their job and personal safety. Congress needs to act now to end the practice of taxpayerfunded sexual harassment settlements, expose perpetrators of sexual harassment and assault, and provide a fair and transparent path to justice for survivors. This behavior is absolutely unacceptable. It has no place in Congress or in our society. It must end. 
STATE COLLEGE GREW THE ROCKEFELLER CENTER CHRISTMAS TREE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, tonight, one of the biggest Christmas events will take place in New York City: the lighting of the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree. This historic event has ushered in the holiday season since the first official tree lighting in 1933. Tonight’s event is the 85th tree lighting, and 
while it will be a starstudded event with various entertainers performing on the plaza, the biggest star of all is from State College, Pennsylvania: the Christmas tree. The 75foottall Norway spruce was chosen as the yuletide centerpiece. The 12ton tree was trucked into Midtown Manhattan earlier this month from State College. Rockefeller Center’s head gardener was visiting State College a few years ago for a high school football game. He saw the tree from the road and knocked on the homeowner Jason Perrin’s door to ask about the spruce. Mr. Perrin is a Penn State graduate who worked for the State College Area School District for 17 years. He believes the tree is about 80 years old. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to State College’s tree playing a starring role in tonight’s festivities. Merry Christmas. 
WE NEED BIPARTISAN TAX REFORM (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, look, I, like every Member in this House, recognize that we need to do something about taxes. We need bipartisan tax reform that actually works for everybody, but what the Senate passed through committee and what the House passed here a couple of weeks ago is not tax reform. It is a great big tax cut financed by middle class Americans and huge debt that will be passed on to our kids. It is just not right. We shouldn’t do this just to put points on the board. I mean, if we are going to get this right, we should do it in a bipartisan way, and many of us stand ready to do that. What this shows—and the facts matter—is that every independent analysis, including our own analysis here in Congress that we have depended upon for years, shows that millions, tens of millions, over 80 million middle class Americans, will get a tax increase, all to finance massive tax cuts for billionaires and corporations, people at the very top of the economy. This is a massive shift of wealth from hardworking Americans to people at the very top. We ought to do this right. We ought to do it right. We ought to stop this nonsense, go back to the process that we were elected to follow, and get this done in a way that is good for all Americans. This bill is not that. 
THANKING DR. ROBERT MARTINO (Mr. MCKINLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Dr. Robert Martino of Clarksburg, West Virginia. In 2013, Dr. Martino began a unique program, generously providing one day of free dental services to local Active Duty military and their families. He wanted to give back to those who have sacrificed so much, and he has continued to do so each and every year, thereafter, and has spread this idea throughout his professional network. This day of service has now swept across the Nation, with over 500 businesses now offering our soldiers everything from dental services to accounting. It has become known as Freedom Day. But that isn’t enough. I want to challenge more businesses to participate. Visit freedomday.usa.org to find out how to get involved. Dr. Martino, thank you for the example you set for America. You are truly a great American. f 
CELEBRATING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF ALL NATIVE AMERICAN CODE TALKERS (Mr. O’HALLERAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, Native American Heritage Month affords us the opportunity to honor the Native American veterans who fought for this great country. I rise today to celebrate the indispensable contributions of all Native American code talkers. Throughout much of the 20th Century, Native American soldiers used their native languages to develop unbreakable codes for military operations. Their actions were critical for many Allied victories. Every day, I am reminded of the contributions of the code talkers who served at Iwo Jima. A tribute to their service hangs in my office, and it contains this quote from Major Howard Connor, a signal officer for the Navajo code talkers: ‘‘Were it not for the Navajos, the Marines never would have taken Iwo Jima.’’ I want to extend my sincere thanks to all the brave code talkers who served with honor and our veterans. One of the founding principles of this country is the celebration of the diversity of its people. When we recognize that, we truly are a more perfect union. 
TAX RELIEF FOR SMALL BUSINESSES IN TEXAS (Mr. MARCHANT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, last Saturday, across America, was Small Business Saturday, a yearly event that highlights American Main Street businesses by encouraging consumers to shop in their local shops. Fortyfive percent of all companies in Texas are small businesses. They provide jobs to 4 million Texans. They are our neighbors, our family members, and our friends. They provide jobs to more than 4 million families as well as the 4 million Texans. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act provides small businesses in my north Texas district with the lowest tax rate since World War II, allowing them to invest in their community, hire more people, and, as the National Federation of Independent Business says: This tax bill will lead small businesses into a better position. We highlighted small businesses last weekend, and the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act follows through with a Tax Code built for increased wages and longterm growth. f 
b1215 TAX BILL IS A LOSS FOR AMERICANS (Mr. HIMES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to mourn the lost opportunity for real bipartisan tax reform. There were lots of Democrats, Mr. Speaker, who were ready to make a deal to make our Code simpler and more competitive. There were lots of Democrats who would have said, yeah, let’s lower rates, but let’s do it responsibly so that we don’t balloon the deficit. And there were lots of Democrats who said let’s eliminate that incentive for companies to operate abroad. But instead, we are where we are today, where we have a bill here and in the Senate that will raise taxes on millions of middle class Americans, that will deliver a huge windfall to the wealthiest Americans, and that will send a tsunami of cash to American corporations. For what purpose? American corporations, today, are swimming in cash. They are profitable like never before. There is this fantasy that they will hire more people, but let’s actually listen to the corporations. Cisco, Pfizer, and CocaCola have said they will take this money and they will return it to shareholders as, quite frankly, they probably should, since it is shareholder money. It is not going to go to new jobs. And remember—this is the kicker—35 percent of shareholders of American corporations are foreigners. This is not a win. This is a loss for the American people. 
RECOGNIZING LUBBOCK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the Lubbock Chamber of Commerce and congratulate them and their 2,000plus members as they gather for their annual awards ceremony this week. For over 100 years, the Lubbock Chamber of Commerce has brought these hardworking men and women together to better our community. Their commitment to excellence has earned them national recognition as America’s first and only chamber to be two 
time, fivestar accredited and twice named Chamber of the Year. And as we say in Texas: ‘‘That ain’t braggin’ if it’s true.’’ I want to recognize a few of our hardworking business leaders who are being celebrated this week: Ambassador of the Year, Danny Soliz; Volunteer of the Year, Kathy Timms; Business Person of the Year, Chris Lonngren; Business of the Year, Bayer Crop Science; and Entrepreneur of the Year, Shara Konechney. Congrats to all of these folks. Congrats to my friend, Eddie McBride. Mr. Speaker, I thank them for their leadership, and thanks to all of our small businesses. They are the heartbeat of west Texas, Mr. Speaker. 
BRING FORTH TAX REFORM THAT BENEFITS THE MIDDLE CLASS (Ms. PINGREE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I recently sat down with Mainers who are terrified of the Republican tax plan: In tears, a high school teacher listed the items she purchased for her students in need. Under this plan, she will no longer be able to deduct them. A cancer survivor told me how she now writes off thousands of dollars of medical expenses every year—no more, under the tax plan. A recent college graduate wondered how difficult it would be to achieve his career goals while paying off his student loan debt without a deduction for the interest. A dairy farmer talked about a tax exemption that has allowed farmers to have more control over their businesses by forming coops. That is gone under the GOP tax scam. In 10 years, one in five Mainers will pay more in Federal taxes under this plan. Their sacrifices and our national debt will pay for generous benefits to massive corporations, foreign investors, and the wealthiest of the wealthy. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to withdraw this thinly veiled handout to the onepercenters and bring forth tax reform that will actually benefit the middle class. 
HONORING CAREER OF LOURDES MELUZA (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the distinguished career of Lourdes Meluza, who has recently retired after 39 years in journalism. As a native from my homeland of Cuba and a graduate from the University of Miami—Go Canes—my alma mater, I got to know Lourdes as she began her tenure as a writer for the Miami Herald, where she covered my first election to the Florida State House of Representatives. In 1987, Lourdes joined Miami’s Univision station, and shortly after, she became the network’s D.C. correspondent, reporting to millions of Hispanics in the U.S. about important policy issues being discussed in our Nation’s Capital. For over two decades, Lourdes interviewed Presidents and Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle and heads of state. Her professionalism has earned her our respect and admiration. Lourdes will be enjoying her welldeserved retirement in Coral Gables, in my congressional district. Lourdes told me that she never considered journalism to be a career but, rather, an adventure. Mr. Speaker, to my esteemed amiga, I wish her all the best in her next adventure, and I look forward to seeing her in our south Florida paradise. Godspeed, Lourdes Meluza. Felicidades, amiga. f 
LEVEL THE PLAYING FIELD ON TAX REFORM (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, a $1.5 trillion deficit, that is what the so called fiscally conservative Republican friends of mine want to add to our Nation’s already huge debt, a debt they decried for many years, a debt that, according to former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, Mike Mullen, is the greatest threat to our country in the coming decades. There is really no need of that—none. We can do tax reform that better advantages the middle class and small businesses without adding $1.5 trillion to our debt. By simply making the tax benefits fairer among income groups, you can have growthenhancing, deficitneutral tax reform with zero—yes, zero—addition to our debt and deficit. If a 25 percent tax rate is good enough for small businesses, it should be good enough for corporations. There is no need to eliminate the AMT for wealthy Americans earning over $250,000 or completely eliminating the estate tax. Tweak it, and you can protect every small business and farm in America with a very progressive Tax Code. Why should wealthy Americans get to deduct more expenses than working men and women? A 25 percent deduction for expenses levels the playing field for everyone. Make these types of changes and you can get rid of the gimmicks in the Republican bill and benefit the middle class. There is no need to add $1.5 trillion to our debt. NOW IS THE TIME FOR TAX REFORM (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the importance of comprehensive tax reform for our families and businesses. It has been nearly 30 years since hardworking Americans have seen any significant changes made to our confusing Tax Code. Our current system is broken. I think we all agree on that. Taxes are too high, and our families and businesses are the ones paying the price, not to mention that nobody understands it. Two weeks ago, I was proud to cast my vote to cut, simplify, and reform taxes, and now the ball is in the Senate’s court. Thankfully, as of yesterday, legislation has passed both the Senate Finance Committee and the Senate Budget Committee, and now we expect a vote in the full Senate as early as this week. Under the Trump administration, we are growing the economy, but nothing can compare to the effect that tax reform will have on jumpstarting the economy, expanding small businesses, and creating jobs. America, it is time to go back to work. We are now closer than ever to making tax reform a reality, a new reality for families and businesses across America who deserve to keep more of their paychecks and have the opportunity to grow their businesses. Mr. Speaker, I believe that we will uphold our important promise to deliver tax reform legislation to President Trump’s desk soon. 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL FAMILY CAREGIVERS MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of National Family Caregivers Month. Caregivers are our Nation’s hidden heroes. They foster family stability and help those with chronic and disabling conditions avoid costly outofhome placements. In fact, family caregivers are very often the difference between costly institutional care or staying in their home. Family caregivers not only deserve our respect and gratitude, but also respite from the physical and emotional toll of ensuring their loved ones receive the care that they need. But if the caregivers themselves aren’t taking care of their own needs, they are not going to be very effective at taking care of their loved ones. Mr. Speaker, almost 44 million Americans are providing over $470 billion in uncompensated care each year, if we had to put a dollar figure on it. These caregivers are our grandparents, parents, spouses, siblings, children, and 
even our grandchildren. They are often the lifeline to accessible, quality care at home. We in Congress need to do our part to support these heroes by passing the Lifespan Respite Care Reauthorization Act, which my good friend Representative GREGG HARPER and I have introduced. It is the least that we can do in appreciation of the sacrifice these family caregivers make each and every day. 
CONGRATULATING PHIL BERTOLINI (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an impressive and dedicated public servant in Oakland County, Michigan, Phil Bertolini, who is being honored here in Washington, D.C., this week. Phil is the chief information officer of Oakland County and has been recognized as the 2017 Public Official of the Year by Governing magazine. Phil has spent most of his career handling technology issues for the county and has, most notably, spearheaded a program to help smaller communities gain access to better technology. In 2011, Phil created a process online allowing smaller governments to take advantage of Oakland County’s stateoftheart computing services through G2G Cloud Solutions. Due to Phil’s hard work and dedication, Oakland County’s G2G Cloud Solutions now provides services to 82 agencies in Michigan and 721 users throughout the United States. Phil’s experience and innovative mindset has earned Oakland County national recognition as a tech leader, being named as the secondmost digitally advanced county in the country. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to congratulate Phil Bertolini on being recognized as the 2017 Public Official of the Year. I would like to personally recognize and thank him for his tireless efforts and unwavering dedication to the community. 
TAX SCAM (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, what do these people have in common: a teacher who buys a prom dress for her student; a teacher who buys crayons and pencils for her students; a teacher who buys packages of paper for his students; my mom, who calls me and says, ‘‘Don’t cut my Medicare. Don’t let them cut my Medicare’’; the person who has a heart attack or is paying hardearned money for his or her cancer treatment? None of those people will be able to write off their medical expenses or their educational expenses. My mom and other seniors will see a $25 billion cut in Medicare. What they have in common is that this tax scam will hurt all of them, as opposed to the folks who are the richest among us. The corporations who are doing very, very well, they will see the tax benefits. This is not a tax plan, it is a tax scam, and our people that we serve deserve better. f 
CONDEMNING BUREAUCRATS AT CFPB (Mr. HARRIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn the outofcontrol, President Obamaappointed bureaucrats over at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The CFPB has always been notorious for its questionably illegal agenda, but the agency and its leadership crossed the line last week when its Director, Richard Cordray, resigned. Before he left, he attempted to circumvent the President’s authority by illegally appointing another bureaucrat to replace him. But instead, President Trump, under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, appointed Mr. Mick Mulvaney to temporarily head the CFPB. Instead of allowing Mr. Mulvaney to fill the vacancy and get the CFPB working again, that bureaucrat, Leandra English, with the support of Mr. Cordray, tried to stage a coup against the President and Mr. Mulvaney by taking the President to court. Mr. Speaker, partisan career bureaucrats will do anything they can to discredit the President and block his policy agenda. This behavior is exactly why President Trump ran for office in the first place. We need to drain the swamp, and let’s start with the CFPB. I applaud our judicial system for upholding the rule of law and confirming Mr. Mulvaney’s right to lead the CFPB. We cannot allow petty partisan politics over at CFPB to obstruct our government’s ability to govern. 
b1230 THE TAX BILL (Mr. SARBANES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, as Congress careens toward passage of a massive rewrite of our Tax Code, we ought to look at the process that got us here. This tax bill has seen no hearings, no expert testimony, and absolutely no honest efforts to build bipartisan support. This is a terrible shame and the result is a terrible sham. Who are the ones calling the shots on this tax bill? The corporate lobbyists and the big money donors who will make out like bandits. They are the ones who will walk away with a smile on their face and money in their pocket. Meanwhile, millions of hardworking Americans will see their taxes increase under this plan. The latest numbers from the CBO say that 82 million Americans will be worse off. A good tax plan would be trying to address widening wealth and income inequality in our country. A good tax plan would be seeking to invest in our people and our infrastructure. It would seek to help working families and build up the middle class. But this plan does the opposite. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Republican colleagues to pull the plug on this tax proposal that is of, by, and for the wealthy and wellconnected. We can, and we must, do better for all Americans. f 
HONORING LARRY EARL ROBERTSON (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the men and women who deliver the mail in rural America. The work is not easy. As the National Rural Letter Carriers’ Association notes, these carriers are essentially post offices on wheels, providing many of the same services to rural residents that urban dwellers take for granted. One such rural carrier was Larry Earl Robertson from Jessieville, Arkansas. Larry was my mailman for more than 25 years and, as many rural letter carriers throughout our country can attest, he was a part of our family. He knew my wife and children, just as we knew his family. He was an integral part of our community and played an important role in the lives of rural Garland County residents. Simply put, Larry was a friend to everyone. Just as Larry was a friend to all, he was also a faithful Christian and family man. Through his service—at just 54—he had made an important and lasting impact on his community, as many rural letter carriers do. That is why it was especially sad when we received word of his untimely passing last week. In the pain and grief of death, we take comfort in the words of Christ who said: ‘‘I am the resurrection and the life. He who believes in Me, though he may die, he shall live.’’ May we all strive to do our jobs with diligence and a smile and positively impact our communities as Larry Robertson impacted his. 
NET NEUTRALITY (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, in a year where we are dealing with healthcare, immigration, and, yes, 
taxes, I am very pleased by the volume of mail that I have gotten from my constituents on all of those issues. But I have to tell you the one issue that my constituents have contacted me most on is net neutrality. I hear from young people and college students, many who have been calling for the first time about wanting an internet that is free from the meddling of a few large internet providers. As we know, the internet is perhaps one of the most important advances of our time. It is a tool that allows citizens to connect from all over the country and even the world and improves the quality of life. From elementary to graduate level students, all would be affected if the title II regulations were changed. From the student finishing homework to military families keeping in touch, we need a free and open internet. So why attack an institution that benefits millions for the gain of a few big cable companies? Please join me in contacting the FCC to tell them net neutrality matters to our constituents and it certainly matters to all of us. 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, this past weekend, as Americans across this country were enjoying Thanksgiving with their families, over 438 Americans were victims of gun violence. So what is the response of the House Republican leadership? Advancing the misguided Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act that would eviscerate State laws meant to keep people safe from gun violence. This bill being marked up today in the Judiciary Committee would put lives at risk by forcing all States to recognize weapon permits from other States, regardless of how lax State permitting laws may be. House Republicans have no right to curtail the safety reforms that New York and other States have put in place to protect their citizens. That is why law enforcement organizations from across the country strongly oppose this legislation. It should never come to the floor. Americans deserve a better deal and more protection from gun violence, not less. 
HONORING RABBI WEISSMANDL WITH THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of a man whose heroic legacy must never be forgotten. At a time when the stakes could not have been higher, Rabbi Weissmandl risked everything to save the Jewish people of Slovakia from the horrors of the Nazi regime. Forming an underground organization called the Working Group, Weissmandl led an effort to bribe German officials, ultimately succeeding to delay mass deportations. We cannot emphasize enough the great personal risk Rabbi Weissmandl took on. Had he bribed the wrong official or approached a Hitler supporter, he would have been killed. Yet, despite that real danger, he persevered and demonstrated an unyielding determination to stop the slaughter of the innocent. In 1945, Weissmandl reached the shores of America, ultimately settling in New York. Even after the war, he worked to improve Holocaust survivors’ lives by establishing the first Yeshiva campus in America. Mr. Speaker, Rabbi Weissmandl is truly a hero. At great personal risk during the darkest of times, he helped those who were desperate. It is only appropriate we honor him with the highest civilian honor, a Congressional Gold Medal. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to Weissmandl’s legacy by cosponsoring H.R. 2740. f 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF SPECIALIST CARLTON BUTLER OF NORTH MIAMI, FLORIDA (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to share sad news from my district. Miami is mourning the loss of another young American hero who died while serving our great Nation. Specialist Carlton Butler from North Miami, who was just 22 years old, was found dead at Fort Bragg in North Carolina last Saturday evening. He was a paratrooper assigned to B Company, 2nd Battalion 505th Parachute Infantry Regiment. The circumstances of his death are under investigation and are very troubling to me and to his family. Like Sergeant La David Johnson, my constituent who was killed last month during an ambush in Niger, Specialist Butler made an immediate and overwhelmingly positive impression during his short tenure in the military. Like Sergeant Johnson’s family, Specialist Butler’s family is left wondering why and how their soldier’s life ended in such a suspicious manner. They have many questions, and so do I. I am determined to help get the answers they need to heal. Both families need answers in order to heal. I will not stop pushing until these families are satisfied. When such devastating losses occur, we owe it to them to find answers as quickly as possible. These answers are not acceptable: ‘‘We really don’t know.’’ ‘‘We are investigating.’’ ‘‘We can’t say that.’’ Mr. Speaker, we seek the truth and our military families deserve the truth. THE REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN (Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the tax bill being debated in the Senate. Under this bill, by 2027, those making $1 million and over will see the biggest tax cuts. All the while, by 2021, families earning just $10,000 to $30,000 would start seeing their taxes increase. By 2027, taxes would increase for all Americans earning $75,000 a year or less. The Senate bill repeals a vital part of ObamaCare and would lead to increased premiums and 13 million people becoming uninsured. This bill is disastrous for America, California, and my district. In 2027, California residents will suffer from an over$12 billion tax increase. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Senate colleagues to oppose the GOP tax bill. f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Small Business: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 28, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN: This letter is to inform you that due to my election to the Committee on Homeland Security, I am resigning my seat on the Committee on Small Business. It has been a privilege and an honor to serve with Chairman Chabot and address the issues facing small businesses in our country. I look forward to continuing to serve small businesses and my constituents in other capacities. Very Respectfully, DONBACON , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the House Republican Conference, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 634 Resolved, That the following named Members be, and are hereby, elected to the following standing committees of the House of Representatives: COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS : Mr. Cur tis. COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY : Mr. Bacon. COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS : Mr. Curtis. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3017, BROWNFIELDS ENHANCEMENT, ECONOMIC REDEVELOPMENT, AND REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3905, MINNESOTA’S ECONOMIC RIGHTS IN THE SUPERIOR NATIONAL FOREST ACT Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 631 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 631 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3017) to amend the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to reauthorize and improve the brownfields program, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11540 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. SEC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3905) to require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of certain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11541 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources; (2) the further amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be in order without intervention of any point of order, shall be considered as read, shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for a division of the question; and (3) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Wyoming is recognized for 1 hour. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. b1245 GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Resolution 631, which provides a closed rule for consideration of H.R. 3017, Brownfields Enhancement, Economic Redevelopment, and Reauthorization Act of 2017; and a structured rule for H.R. 3905, Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act. Mr. Speaker, brownfield refers normally to abandoned or closed commercial or industrial properties that may be contaminated because of their prior use. These sites often represent a tremendous amount of untapped economic potential. However, developing that potential is complicated by the presence of hazardous substances or contaminants. The Environmental Protection Agency has estimated that there are more than 50,000 brownfields in the United States. The brownfields program has enjoyed broad bipartisan support and has been critical in converting these vacant sites into taxgenerating properties and, eventually, wellpaying jobs for American citizens. As of May 1, 2017, the program has assessed 26,722 sites, and they have leveraged over 124,760 jobs. On average, Mr. Speaker, over $16 is leveraged for every EPA brownfields dollar spent, and 8.5 jobs are leveraged per $100,000 of EPA brownfields funds. States all over the country have benefited from this grant program. In my home State of Wyoming, we put brownfield grants to use in cities like Casper, Cheyenne, Sheridan, Evanston, Kemmerer, Laramie, and Dubois. Brownfield sites have been revitalized using these funds in places like the Minute Maid Park in Houston, Texas; development in the neighborhoods around Danville, Illinois; and the Grijalva Park at Santiago Creek in Orange, California. The brownfields program has been expired, Mr. Speaker, since 2006, and it is high time we reauthorize this critically important grant program. The brownfields program has enabled local communities to clean up and repurpose vacated sites, utilizing them for meaningful economic development, while responsibly cleaning up hazardous sites. This is an important step in maintaining and improving what has been a demonstrably effective program. Mr. Speaker, the rule we consider today also provides for consideration of a very important bill, H.R. 3905, Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act, which was introduced by my colleague, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ). H.R. 3905 requires congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota and provides for the renewal of certain mineral leases in those lands. This is necessary, Mr. Speaker, because in the final hours of the Obama administration, the administration withdrew hundreds of thousands of acres in Minnesota from mineral development and improperly terminated two Federal mineral leases. The effect of this decision halted potential mining projects in Minnesota, robbing the region of 650 direct and 1,300 indirect jobs, as well as the tax revenue the mining operation would bring. Mining jobs, Mr. Speaker, are good, highpaying jobs. The average mining wage in Minnesota is roughly $25,000 a year higher than the average wage in the State. Coming from a State where we mine more coal than any State in the Nation, I understand and appreciate the economic development mining projects can bring to a region. We also understand the burden that can be imposed by working with the Federal Government on these projects in Wyoming. Roughly half my State, Mr. Speaker, is comprised of Federal lands. Receiving the appropriate authorizations to drill or mine on these lands can be a lengthy and cumbersome process that delays projects for many years. Ultimately, Mr. Speaker, we must improve our Federal regulatory process so we can better harness the vast natural resources we have in our country, while still protecting and conserving our environment. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I encourage support for the rule for these important bills, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, today’s rule provides for the consideration of two bills. The first piece of legislation, H.R. 3017, is a bipartisan compromise to extend the EPA’s brownfields program. The successful brownfields program assists communities across this country in cleaning up contaminated sites to reduce pollution and health risks and spur economic development. Although funding for this program has enjoyed broad support over the years, its authorization lapsed in 2006; 11 years ago. It is certainly long past time for this important program to be reauthorized. I appreciate the work of Republicans and Democrats on both the Energy and Commerce and Transportation and Infrastructure Committees in coming together to produce this legislation. Mr. Speaker, this is how the process is supposed to work. There was a hearing, and there was a markup. I should 
say, for the R ECORD , the majority could have issued an open rule, instead of a closed rule. But I am not even going to criticize that today, Mr. Speaker, because experts on this issue came together to negotiate it in a bipartisan manner, and the result is a good piece of legislation that I look forward to voting for later this week. I commend Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. TONKO , Mr. P ALLONE , and all those who worked together, and I just want to say for the RECORD , as one who routinely gets up here and criticizes the majority for issuing closed rules and structured rules all the time, I do so not just as a kneejerk reaction to what they produce in the Rules Committee. I do it because usually they do closed rules and structured rules to basically stifle a deliberative process. They do it to shut off debate and to shut out other people’s opinions. Quite frankly, the majority’s record on rules is abysmal. In this case, what we are doing is bringing forward something that represents a bipartisan process. I wish this wasn’t an anomaly. I wish that the majority would understand that, in the House of Representatives, the views of Democrats are just as important as the views of Republicans. If you want to get things done, you need to come together in the spirit of compromise and work together for the good of the American people, not just for the good of one political party, not just so you can issue a press release, not just so you can play gotcha games, but actually produce things that are meaningful. If the Republican leadership would drop their allornothing approach to governing more often, support genuine bipartisan negotiations and compromise, and open up the process on all pieces of legislation, both minor and substantial, we might be able to get something done around here. Maybe we could have more than 12 bills of any sort of real significance signed into law. This rule also brings to the floor legislation, I am sad to say, that would do irreparable harm to our federally protected land by allowing a foreign company the ability to use a halfcentury old lease to mine right next door to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. H.R. 3905 would allow a Chilean mining company, which is facing tens of millions of dollars in fines from the Chilean Government for their failure to protect nearby water resources, the ability to mine just upstream of pristine U.S.protected land. This is all based on a 50yearold lease—a lease that didn’t go through any environmental review because NEPA didn’t exist yet. There are Members of this Chamber who weren’t even born when this lease was signed. My colleagues in the majority will claim that this bill will help create jobs, but what about the 22,000 jobs that the local protected land already supports? What will happen to those jobs when the water is so polluted that no one can visit the recreational area around the mine? The truth is, this isn’t about jobs. It is about helping a few rich owners of mining companies line their pockets at the expense of the environment. In fact, the recipient of this Republican handout is a subsidiary of a Chilean company, Antofagasta, which is controlled by Chilean billionaire Andronico Luksic Craig. And get this: he just happens to be the landlord of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner, President Trump’s daughter and son inlaw and senior advisers to the Trump White House. You cannot make this stuff up. This is part of a pattern of sketchy deals and questionable business contacts involving the President and his family and their closest advisers. Earlier this month, we learned that President Trump and his family made millions through a hotel in Panama financed by Colombian drug cartels and the Russian Mafia. We still don’t even know how these new deals will boost President Trump’s income or how his family profits off of the Presidency, because we are 312 days into his Presidency, and we still haven’t seen his tax returns. Imagine if this were Hillary Clinton. Imagine if this were Barack Obama. Imagine the screams on the other side of the aisle demanding transparency and an open process. But when it comes to covering up all these sketchy deals on behalf of this President of the United States, there is silence. President Trump promised to drain the swamp, but, instead, he has created a cesspool. There are so many conflicts of interest, this administration is on a collision course with corruption. Mr. Speaker, we have only 6 legislative days left before the government runs out of money, but the Speaker of the House thinks another corporate handout, this time to Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump’s landlord, is the most pressing issue that needs to be resolved in Congress this week. If the Speaker wants some suggestions as things we ought to focus on this week, I know Democrats in this Chamber have a few. I can give you an example. Democrats think we should be debating a funding bill to avert the coming shutdown on December 8, when the temporary spending bill expires. Democrats want to debate and pass the Dream Act, ending the turmoil this President has caused by upending the lives of 800,000 young immigrant DREAMers and their families. Democrats want to extend the Children’s Health Insurance Program, known as CHIP, and community health centers, whose authorization expired 2 months ago. Democrats think we ought to debate flood insurance reauthorization, which expires on December 8. Democrats want to pass additional hurricane relief to help those who are still recovering from devastating hurricanes in Texas, Florida, and Puerto Rico. Democrats want to address funding for the Veterans Choice Program, which is set to run out of money before the end of the year. But instead, here we are, considering yet another ridiculous, extreme antienvironment bill. Mr. Speaker, my friends on the other side of the aisle love talking about returning this country to the way it used to be. I have seen the Make America Great Again stickers on many of their cars. I can think of no pastime more important or more significant to our national heritage and identity than our wilderness and protected areas. My friends and colleagues who have spent time in the Boundary Waters tell me how stunning it is. They say it is one of the most beautiful places in our country. And we are going to risk polluting this national treasure with coppersulfide acid drainage running into the streams that feed the Boundary Waters? Worse yet, this bill makes these mining leases impossible to ever overturn, even should the Bureau of Land Management conclude its environmental assessment and rule against further mining in this protected national forest. This is a slippery slope. If we continue to allow corporations to pillage our federally protected wilderness areas, we are opening the door to irreversible damage. What is next? Clear cutting in Yellowstone Forest? Oil drilling off the coast of Acadia National Park? Mr. Speaker, I beg my Republican friends to drop this assault on our public lands and urge the leadership of this House to bring up the urgent bills and priorities that we need to deal with before adjourning in less than 3 weeks’ time. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule and to oppose efforts that will further degrade our natural resources. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think it is important to be clear about exactly what H.R. 3905 does. H.R. 3905 does not eliminate environmental requirements. In fact, it will only allow mining as long as those strict environmental requirements are met. What it does do is allow Minnesota itself to advance its State and local economies. I applaud my colleague from Massachusetts’ commitment and dedication to working together to try and come up with solutions about things like, for example, funding the government. I will just point out that if Democrats were, in fact, so dedicated to working with Republicans to fund the government and to begin to come to a solution, to come to an agreement, perhaps 
their leadership would have shown up yesterday at the White House to have meetings and discussions about funding the government. It is awfully hard to claim that you are very dedicated and committed to that concept if you don’t have leaders who show up to the key meetings. I would also point out, Mr. Speaker, my colleague has called our bills and our process here ridiculous and extreme. b1300 I can’t help but note that what is truly ridiculous and extreme, Mr. Speaker, are the massive increases in ObamaCare premiums that my constituents all across Wyoming are now facing. My constituents are now facing a situation, because of ObamaCare, because of this health plan that was supposed to provide coverage for everybody, low cost coverage for everybody, that was supposed to guarantee access, guarantee if you liked your doctor, you could keep him or her, guarantee that you would be able to afford healthcare, my constituents are now facing premiums that will bankrupt them. They are now receiving bills that demonstrate that their premiums next year, for example, for a retired married couple of two, the lowest amount that they can pay under the ObamaCare Bronze Plan is $2,700 a month. Now, that is absolutely unsustainable, and that is what is ridiculous and extreme. What we are doing today is making sure that we pass legislation that reauthorizes the important brownfields program that restores rights to the State of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ), the sponsor of H.R. 3017. Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule on H.R. 3017, the Brownfields Enhancement, Economic Redevelopment and Reauthorization Act of 2017. I am proud to be the sponsor of this bill, which has broad bipartisan support, as you have been hearing about. It will reauthorize the very successful EPA program, brownfields program, for the first time since it was enacted. Like my colleague Mr. WOODALL said last night in the Rules Committee, even though the brownfields site program is something that we all support, and brownfields is something we all have in our districts, working out the details of legislation like this is not easy, but the fact that we are here today with a compromise bipartisan bill and no amendment speaks volumes of how much support there is for H.R. 3017 and the brownfields program. There is no dispute that the EPA brownfields program has been a success. As you just heard from the gentlewoman from Wyoming, the program has resulted in over 27,000 properties being reassessed to start them on this road to being cleaned up, and it has resulted in over 129,000 new jobs. Over the life of the program, the Federal dollars invested have resulted in over $25 billion in leveraged private investment. This is a program we all should support, and we all should encourage our colleagues on the Appropriations Committee to fully fund this program in the future. I have confidence that H.R. 3017 will make the brownfields program even more successful, and I urge my colleagues to be in support of the rule and to vote for the bill on final passage. I want to thank my committee chairman, JOHN SHIMKUS , for his work and the staff’s work in bringing this bill together in a fine, compromised fashion. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to just respond to my colleague from Wyoming, you know, when she raised the issue of why our Democratic leaders didn’t show up to the meeting at the White House. Maybe she didn’t catch the President’s tweet in which the President made it very clear he didn’t see a deal. I am glad our leaders didn’t show up because they are not props, and we in the minority are not props either to be rolled out, to give the appearance of bipartisanship or give the appearance that somehow you are working with us when, in fact, you are not. The President showed his hand. He had no interest in a deal, no interest in working with us. And I would say that is one of the problems in this House of Representatives, that the reason why we are not more productive in getting things done and producing real legislation to help the American people is because there is no bipartisanship, very little. I made one exception to the issue on this brownfields legislation, but on the big bills, nothing. The gentlewoman brought up the Affordable Care Act. You know, what was her solution to the Affordable Care Act? What was the Republican majority’s solution to making the Affordable Care Act better? I mean, bringing a bill to the floor under the most closed process that you can possibly imagine, a bill that would throw 23 million Americans off of health insurance, what are my friends thinking? When people talk about healthcare reform and improving the Affordable Care Act, they talk about lowering prices; they talk about more accessibility; they talk about more people getting coverage. What the Republicans brought to the floor was a bill that would throw 23 million Americans off of health insurance. That is their solution. That would take away essential benefits protection for people who desperately need health insurance to deal with this opiate crisis and a whole bunch of other things. So we don’t want any lectures about what is extreme and what is ridiculous in this House of Representatives. The way the majority conducts business in this House is extreme and ridiculous. The legislation, whether it is their attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act or even this tax bill that is a giveaway to corporate special interests and is going to raise taxes on people earning $100,000, that is extreme, that is wrong. So, Mr. Speaker, I would just say to my Republican friends, again, you know, if you want to get things done, if you want to work with us, you have got to treat us as more than just props. You have to enter into good faith negotiations. And I would say, if you did that, we actually might get some things done around here that might improve the quality of life for everybody in this country. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I would just note, in response to my friend and colleague from Massachusetts, that if the gentleman’s leaders are so fragile that they are scared off by a tweet, then probably they need some new leaders. And I don’t suspect that his argument really is they couldn’t go to the meeting because they were scared because of a tweet. We do need to work together to get things done. We are hard at work doing that. In that regard, Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ), the chairman of the Environment Subcommittee, who oversaw this bill. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and my good friend, Mr. MCGOVERN , for the kind words. What we did here was simple. It is not always simple to get through the legislative process, but what we attempted to do was reauthorize a bill that hadn’t been authorized. Appropriated dollars were being spent. It has been the focus of the Republican Congress to make sure we reauthorize programs, and we do that to fix things that have gone wrong over the years or because a changing environment has occurred. The last time the bill was really authorized was 2002. Fastforward 15 years, there are things changed. The authorization amount was set. We actually spent more than the authorization amount. People love this program, but we have got to update it to the modern day, and we need to fix some of the items. Those are reflected in this bill, and I appreciate the Rules Committee hearing the debate, addressing some of the concerns, and deciding that this bill can come to the floor. As it was stated, no amendments were offered to debate on this floor, which I think is a great process. Simply put, I have a friend from Houston, Texas, who is very proud of the Houston Astros, and he will cite Minute Maid Park. Minute Maid Park is on a brownfields. So if you looked at the World Series and you saw that beautiful facility, well, that is the result of the brownfields program that we are now trying to update and fix. 
The stats are pretty clear. I mean, you get a $16 return for every dollar we put in at the Federal level. That is a great return on investment. Jobs are increased by every projection, and even local land values around the brownfields, the property values increase around them. This and more will be debated and discussed when we bring the bill to the floor tomorrow. This rule helps us do that. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, one other thing I will end on, and I know we will have a lot of debate and frustration and controversy, but this did go through regular order. We had a hearing. We had a subcommittee mark. As Mr. MCGOVERN mentioned, we had a full committee mark. We invested with our Democratic colleagues—they brought some ideas; some were accepted; some were rejected; some of the ones that we had they rejected—and we have a pretty good product to bring as part of this rule. I would ask my colleagues to support the rule so we can bring the bill to the floor, and I thank my colleagues on the Rules Committee for making it happen. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to again respond to my colleague from Wyoming when she again raised the issue as to why our leaders didn’t show up to the White House. It is not because they have a fragile ego. It is because they didn’t want to waste their time. It is because they didn’t want to be a prop or just be there for a photo op. It is because they are actually focused on trying to do the people’s business, and they are tired of the gamesmanship. If the gentlewoman wants to talk about fragile egos, I would suggest that she observe the behavior of the man who is in the Oval Office. I mean, this is a guy who will get into a Twitter war with a basketball player’s father. I would say that, and I would just respectfully urge my Republican colleagues, now is the time for an intervention because we have serious business to deal with in this country: there are issues of war and peace; there are issues of domestic security; there are issues of economic security that we have to deal with; and instead, we are dealing with constant nonsense coming out of the White House. So it is time for the Republican majority to intervene and to say to the President, ‘‘Enough is enough.’’ Mr. Speaker, you know, for weeks, tax experts have been reporting that the Republican tax plans would raise taxes on millions of middle class families in order to cut taxes for the wealthy and corporations. Their proposed legislation may directly benefit President Trump and his family members to the tune of tens of millions of dollars, according to independent analyses. President Trump has denied this, stating that he would be a bigger loser if the House GOP tax bill is approved. Well, without his tax returns, we simply have no way of knowing exactly how much President Trump stands to gain from the tax bill. The American people deserve to know whether or not our President is directly benefiting from legislation that would hurt millions of Americans. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative ESHOO ’s bill, H.R. 305, which would require Presidents and major party nominees for the Presidency to release their tax returns. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, as I stated earlier, there are so many conflicts of interest in this administration, and especially with this President. This administration is on a collision course with corruption. It is time for Democrats and Republicans to stand up and to be united and to demand a little sunshine on what the reality is. To discuss our proposal, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule, and I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so that the House can vote on my bipartisan legislation, the Presidential Tax Transparency Act. This bill codifies the longstanding, bipartisan tradition of Presidents and Presidential nominees disclosing their tax return information to the American people. The Republican majority and the President are currently working in overdrive to pass a distorted tax bill that will raise the taxes on 82 million middle class families. It takes one’s breath away. I and many others have spoken at length about the harm this bill will do to the middle class, from targeting the mortgage interest deduction, to raising the cost of higher education and graduate school for student loans, to limiting the deductibility of State and local taxes. And, at a time when our country is recovering from several natural disasters, including major wildfires in California where 14,000 Californians have lost their homes, the Housepassed bill eliminates the deduction for personal property losses resulting from natural disasters, which I find to be especially cruel. While it is very clear that the Republican tax bill will harm the middle class, it is less clear how the bill will benefit one taxpayer in particular, if he pays any taxes: the President of the United States of America. Mr. Trump is the wealthiest President in our Nation’s history, but he is also the only President, going back to Gerald Ford and all Presidents moving forward who voluntarily put out their tax returns—he is the only one—to refuse to release his tax returns, a lapse in disclosure that is made all the more troubling given his allout push for tax cuts for the wealthiest at the expense of the middle class and others in our country. b1315 How can Americans have any confidence in what is going on? They are not fools. They understand that we are swimming around in conflicts of interest, and nothing is being done about it. Today, Republicans have an opportunity. And while we cannot know exactly how the Republican tax bill will benefit the President, until he releases his tax returns, we can be sure that this tax bill, which is skewed toward the top 1 percent, will benefit the billionaire Commander in Chief and his family. What an example for the American people. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California. Ms. ESHOO. The Republican tax bill cuts the tax rate for socalled pass through businesses, which is how many of the Trump family’s businesses are structured, including hotels, golf courses, and real estate developments. Specifically, the tax rate for passive business income, which is derived from licensing, royalties, and other arrangements that the Trump organization specializes in, will be cut from 39.6 percent to 25 percent in the Republican tax scam bill. That same bill also repeals the alternative minimum tax, which we know from Mr. Trump’s leaked 2005 tax return forced him to pay an additional $26 million in taxes that year. Without the AMT, he is completely off the hook and would, essentially, have a measly 3 percent effective tax rate: another great example for the American people. It is no wonder they don’t trust Washington, D.C. Lastly, the Republican tax bill doubles the estate tax exemption to $22 million, and guess who wins again? Mr. Trump. Mr. Speaker, only with full disclosure of the President’s tax returns will we know how much he and his family will benefit from this Republican tax scam. That is why I urge my colleagues to stand up for transparency, listen to the will of the American people, and vote on this bipartisan legislation. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have a very tough job. They have to argue for policies that have failed and argue for policies that we have actually had to live through the failure of those policies over the last 8 years. My colleague on the Rules Committee, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), asked us to imagine if Hillary Clinton were President, and imagine if Barack Obama were President. Mr. Speaker, we don’t have to imagine. We lived through Barack Obama’s Presidency. We know that we would be, today, living through completely stagnant growth, a strangled military unable to meet its commitments around the world, outofcontrol Federal agencies, a Federal Government that believed it had an obligation to run every aspect of people’s lives across this country, and, at the same time, the Federal Government telling people that they were forced to purchase insurance they didn’t want and they didn’t need. We know that has failed. We know that the whole system that the Democrats believed would work, in terms of bringing healthcare costs down, fundamentally failed. You cannot force people into the insurance pools. The concept was, if you forced the young, healthy people in, you would drop costs down for everybody. That is not what happened. I have sympathy for them because it is a tough job that they are undertaking, but it is very important that we argue based on the facts on this floor, Mr. Speaker. In fact, the tax bill that I hope will come back from the Senate—the tax bill that we passed out of the House, and one that we will take to conference—reduces taxes for the middle class, reduces taxes for families all across this country, doubles the standard deduction, and takes steps towards making real what we know to be true, which is taxpayer dollars don’t belong to the government, Mr. Speaker, taxpayer dollars belong to the American people. If we allow people to keep more of their own money, they will invest that money, they will grow our economy, and they will create jobs. That is how we are going to get this economy growing and continue the expansion and economic growth that we have seen just since this President came into office. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS). Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope that our friends on the other side of the aisle will soon get over their obsession with the 2016 election and actually work with the majority on genuine tax reform, genuine healthcare reform, and, of course, Congressman EMMER ’s good bill from Minnesota, H.R. 3905, which I am proud to stand up and support today, to expand employment opportunities for my home State of Minnesota. Employers in the mining, energy, infrastructure, and manufacturing industries have been struggling to invest in projects and employees over the last 8 years. In fact, when a business finally figures out a way to go forward, determining the economic feasibility of a project, and decides to invest, then the Federal Government comes in and changes the rules, forcing them back to square one. Minnesota is all too familiar with this process. Lastditch Federal, bureaucratic decisions are costing our citizens thousands of wellpaying jobs, our communities tax revenue, and our State educational systems funding, and is costing many Minnesotans their way of life. Over the past 100 years, Congress has studied and voted on where mining should and should not take place. Minnesota has a proud history of protecting the State’s natural beauty, while also encouraging safe mining, providing jobs for our citizens, especially in the northeastern part of the State. That is why they call it the Iron Range. We now have private companies that are willing to invest in Minnesota, employ our constituents, and grow our communities. And what has the Federal Government done? They put up a road block, without congressional intent or input. The Federal Government is proposing to unilaterally ban mineral exploration and development on 235,000 acres of land that was meant to provide jobs in our State. Mr. Speaker, Congressman EMMER ’s bill does not undo environmental studies, the bill does not fasttrack mining, and it doesn’t even approve a mine. It is simply a vote to let the State of Minnesota review and approve mining operations, based on each individual’s projects, merits, and impacts. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. That is why the Laborers’ International Union of North America, International Union of Operating Engineers, Associated General Contractors of Minnesota, Jobs for Minnesotans Coalition, North America’s Building Trades Union, and United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America, to name a few, support the bill. Congress has always respected what activities should be allowed to occur in the several States. This legislation makes certain the public and the State of Minnesota retain that authority. That is why I am proud to vote in favor of this rule and eventual passage of the MINER Act that allows Minnesotans more opportunity. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Wyoming talks about this great tax bill that the Republicans have proposed. I would call her attention to an article in Politico/Morning Consult today, which said that 8 percent of Americans believe that the Senate should take the Republican Housepassed tax bill and enact it asis—8 percent. I don’t know how much lower you can get. I thought my friend’s healthcare bill had terrible ratings. I think it was like 17 percent of the American people supported it. I don’t know how she can walk around and be proud of what she is trying to do here when the vast majority of the people don’t want what you are selling. They believe that these policies will be harmful. We are supposed to be the House of Representatives—the people’s House— not the House of corporations, to give out special deals to mining companies, or to pass tax bills that benefit corporations at the expense of middle class families, or to pass healthcare reform that is a giveaway to insurance companies and rips away health coverage from millions and millions of people. I mean, come on. Mr. Speaker, as I said, we believe in transparency on this side of the aisle, and we need to know what is behind some of these proposes in this tax bill, to find out who is benefiting and who is not. We know a lot of middle class families will not benefit. They are going to see their taxes increase. But we would like to know whether or not this President is going to benefit. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY). Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer a special welcome to the President of the United States as he visits my home State of Missouri, which has a great need for brownfield remediation. I understand that President Trump’s visit will focus on the indefensible, reckless Republican tax scam that will raise taxes on millions of middle class families. It will rob seniors, punish students, weaken higher education, strip healthcare coverage away from 13 million Americans, and explode the debt by charging an additional $1.4 trillion on the national credit card. Mr. Speaker, the majority likes to talk about family values, and there is no doubt that extremely wealthy families, like President Trump’s, will reap millions from your GOP tax scam. But what about real Americans who will pay more and get less? I would like President Trump to show me why he wants to raise taxes on over 320,000 middle class families in Missouri. I would like President Trump to show me why he wants to bury 255,000 Missouri students, who hold student loans, even deeper in debt by eliminating the deduction for student loan interest. I would like President Trump to show me why he wants to harm 165,000 seriously ill Missouri taxpayers, who will no longer be able to deduct medical expenses. And I would like him to show me why, when asked about the State level impact of the 
TrumpGOP tax scam, even the Republican chairman of the Missouri House Budget Committee, State Representative Scott Fitzpatrick of Shell Knob, told the St. Louis PostDispatch on November 9: ‘‘We cannot have a billion dollar hole blown in the budget. We cannot afford that.’’ I would like President Trump to show me why he wants to impose double taxation on every Missouri taxpayer, who will no longer be able to deduct State and local income taxes. And I would like him to show me why he wants to weaken Medicare by robbing it of over $25 billion over the next 10 years to help pay for tax cuts for billionaires. And, finally, I would like President Trump to show me how he intends to ever look middle class families in the face again when he promised to lower taxes for every American. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. CLAY. Instead, this shameful GOP tax scam will ensure that the haves will have more, and everyone else will pay for it. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ), the sponsor of H.R. 3905. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, today’s debate on H.R. 3905, Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act, also known as the MINER Act, is not just important to the great State of Minnesota: this legislation is critically important to the United States. The MINER Act will reverse the misguided last minute actions of the Obama administration to stop any exploration of one of the most valuable precious metal deposits in the world. The MINER Act will ensure that the people of Minnesota will have the opportunity for jobs and economic prosperity that would come if the deposit can ever be mined in an environmentally safe and responsible manner. The MINER Act will renew the Federal Government’s commitment and promise to the citizens of Minnesota. When the Superior National Forest was created in 1909, and later when the Boundary Waters Canoe Area was established in 1978, there was an express agreement between the Federal Government and the State of Minnesota that mining and logging could continue in the Superior National Forest. b1330 In fact, according to the most recent Superior National Forest Land and Resource Management Plan, mining and logging are considered desirable conditions in the forest. This is about more than 10,000 jobs, which are now at risk because of the lameduck actions of the Obama administration. This is about billions of dollars in revenue for Minnesota’s economy and billions more in potential education funding for Minnesota’s schools that are now on the line. This is also about strategically important metals and minerals, which are used by Americans every day. The MINER Act, again, is about protecting Minnesota’s right to explore and, if environmentally appropriate, to mine valuable precious metals—precious metals that are not only necessary to our everyday technology, but which are critically important to our Nation’s national defense. There are some who would like to deny Minnesota the right to explore and potentially mine these precious metals. They argue that any mining activity could negatively impact our beloved Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. This concern, however, ignores the fact that if a mine is ever proposed—and one has not, but if one is ever proposed—in the Superior National Forest, it would have to satisfy all current local, State, and Federal environmental review and permitting requirements before it could ever be approved to proceed. We can and we will protect the Boundary Waters. I have no doubt we could find a way to preserve Minnesota’s pristine landscape without permanently destroying any future job creation or economic development in Minnesota. By passing the MINER Act today, we protect thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in revenue and education funding while leaving an extensive process intact to protect and preserve the environment and our State. In conclusion, I encourage all of my colleagues to support the MINER Act, because we know that someday someone might find a way to mine these important precious metals in a safe and environmentally responsible way. And if that happens, Minnesota deserves the opportunity and the jobs and economic prosperity that will ensue. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the rule and the underlying bill. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton in opposition to H.R. 3905. 
STATE OF MINNESOTA , OFFICE OF GOVERNOR MARKDAYTON , Saint Paul, MN, November 27, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN: I write in strong opposition to HR3905, which I understand has passed out of Committee and is being reviewed by House Majority Leadership for a floor vote. I implore you not to schedule a vote on this bill without a full vetting of the serious risks to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness from adjacent coppernickel mining, the status of the twoyear federal study currently underway, and the wishes of the majority of Minnesotans, who oppose coppernickel mining in the immediate vicinity of the Boundary Waters. HR3905 is a bill, ‘‘To require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of certain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes.’’ HR3905 was introduced in response to the desires of a foreign mining company to use Congress to circumvent the deliberations of the U.S. Departments of Interior and Agriculture and their agencies, the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) and the U.S. Forest Service (USFS), to determine whether coppernickel mining can be conducted safely in this ecologically sensitive part of Minnesota. The Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BCWAW) is America’s most popular national Wilderness Area, drawing visitors from all over the world to Northeastern Minnesota to fish, hunt, and experience its interconnected pristine lakes, rivers and streams. Additionally, the BWCAW contributes enormously to Minnesota’s social and economic wellbeing. In January, 2017, the BLM and the USFS began a comprehensive twoyear study to determine whether coppernickel mining, with its toxic byproduct, sulfide ore, is appropriate within the watershed and immediate vicinity of the BWCA. Specifically, this environmental review will determine whether the Superior National Forest lands next to the BWCAW should be removed from the federal mining program to protect the Wilderness from pollution and other environmental degradation caused by the resulting sulfide ore. The study considers a wide variety of factors, including scientific evidence, public input, economic considerations, ecological characteristics, and recreational value, among others. I respectfully ask that you allow the completion of this important review process. Over 126,000 Americans have submitted public comments as part of it. Many attended three public meetings conducted earlier this year by the BLM and USFS. Moving HR3905 forward at this time would disregard the input of all Americans, who have participated in the process, as well as the views of the 79 percent of Minnesotans, who favor the twoyear pause and environmental review of potential impacts to the BWCAW. The BWCAW is crucially important to our state, and I believe strongly that future federal and state decisions about its future should be made only after the most careful and objective scientific review. I urge you to reject the attempts by a foreign mining corporation to shortcircuit the review process underway, and to affirm the importance of a careful, objective analysis under the existing federal legal framework. Continuing this review process is the best way to allow for wellinformed federal and state decisions, which will affect many future generations of Americans. Industry should not dictate the stewardship of taxpayerowned public lands, nor use Congress to shortcircuit sound decisionmaking—especially regarding pristine Wilderness Areas like the BWCAW. Sincerely, MARKDAYTON , Governor. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I also include in the RECORD a letter from the Sportsmen for the Boundary Waters in opposition to the bill; a letter from the National Parks Conservation Association; and a letter from the Girl Scouts of Minnesota and Wisconsin Lakes and Pines in opposition to this bill. 
SPORTSMEN FOR THE BOUNDARY WATERS , Ely, MN, November 29, 2017. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members and supporters, we urge 
you to OPPOSE H.R. 3905, the socalled ‘‘Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act’’ when it is considered on the House floor. Simply put, H.R. 3905 is a bill to allow sulfideore mining at the edge of the Boundary Water Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW), directly threatening one of America’s most accessible and mostvisited wilderness areas. At 1.1 million acres in size, the BWCAW is the largest wilderness east of the Rockies and north of the Everglades. This interconnected system of lakes, rivers, and streams provides unparalleled opportunities for solitude, recreation, hunting and fishing. The connections between Northern Minnesota’s national forests, Boundary Water Canoe Area Wilderness, Voyageurs National Park, and Quetico Provincial Park makes this entire trans boundary area extremely susceptible to the threat of pollution from sulfideore mining, one of the most toxic industries in America, according to the EPA. H.R. 3905 would require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota and would provide for the perpetual renewal of federal mineral leases in Minnesota, including two that were denied by the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management. The bill undermines the Antiquities Act, National Environmental Policy Act, Federal Land Policy and Management Act, Boundary Waters Wilderness Act, and other laws regulating mineral leasing in Minnesota’s national forests. Contrary to the bill’s title, H.R. 3905 would do more harm than good for the economy of Northern Minnesota. Economic analysis by KeyLog Economics LLC shows that sulfide ore mining on Superior National Forest lands in the watershed of the Boundary Waters could lead to the loss of nearly 5,000 jobs in tourism, 5,000 to 22,000 jobs in the rest of the economy, a $1.6 billion loss in annual income, and a $500 million reduction in private property values. Specifically, we urge opposition to this bill because it would: Renew two expired and undeveloped mineral leases on Superior National Forest lands next to the Boundary Waters and along lakes and rivers that flow directly into the Wilderness, advancing a foreign mining company’s interests at the expense of beloved American public lands. Void the December 2016 record of decision by the Forest Service withholding its consent to two mineral lease renewal requests in the Superior National Forest due to the unacceptable risks to this watershed, which according to the Forest Service holds 20 percent of the National Forest System’s fresh water supply. Undermine the National Environmental Policy Act by limiting review of these two mineral leases to a 30day environmental assessment. Contrary to the bill language, there is no ‘pending EA.’ However, this section would override the ongoing twoyear Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) initiated by the Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management to carefully consider the potential impacts of sulfideore mining on the Boundary Waters watershed. The ongoing EIS is strongly supported by Minnesota’s Governor Dayton and by the citizens of Minnesota. More than 79% of Minnesota voters support the study, while more than 126,000 citizens submitted comments during the scoping phase. Amend the 1906 Antiquities Act by mandating Congressional approval for any national monument designations in Minnesota’s national forests. The Antiquities Act is a bipartisan conservation law, which has been used by Presidents of both parties, to protect irreplaceable federal lands from potential threats. Monument designation under the Antiquities Act have provided protections for areas including the Grand Canyon, Acadia, Zion, Muir Woods, and Olympic National Parks. Quite simply, this attack on the Antiquities Act is an attack against our national parks and monuments. Amend the 1976 Federal Land Policy and Management Act (FLPMA) by mandating Congressional approval for mineral withdrawals in Minnesota’s national forests. Additionally, FLPMA intentionally left intact the presidential power to protect public lands as monuments. Bar the Forest Service from complying with its legal obligations under the 1978 Boundary Waters Wilderness Act. In this Act Congress requires the Forest Service to maintain the highwater quality of the Boundary Waters and a Mining Protection Area within the Superior National Forest. The Forest Service concluded that sulfide ore mining near the Boundary Waters would be ‘‘contrary to Congress’ determination that it is necessary to ‘protect the special qualities of the [BWCAW] as a natural forest lakeland wilderness ecosystem of major esthetic, scientific, recreational and educational value to the Nation.’’’ Make all mineral leases on Minnesota’s national forests essentially perpetual. The ‘perpetual’ nature of these leases is material change in longstanding mineral leasing law and policy. The bill would also override the two laws (1946 and 1950) on mineral leasing in Minnesota’s national forests that require Forest Service consent to any mining. Ignore the request of the International Joint Commission that environmental review of impacts on trans boundary water quality and cumulative effects be studied and the requests of four tribal entities (the area is Ceded Territory). Thank you for considering our concerns. In order to adequately protect iconic places like the Boundary Waters, Voyageurs National Park, and all of Minnesota’s public lands, and bedrock environmental laws like the Antiquities Act and the National Environmental Policy Act, we urge you to OPPOSE H.R. 3905. Sincerely, Backcountry Hunters & Anglers, National Wildlife Federation, Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership, Fly Fishers International, Minnesota Division Izaak Walton League of America, American Fly Fishing Trade Association, Pope and Young Club, keepitpublic.org. 
NATIONAL PARKS  CONSERVATION ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, November 6, 2017. Oppose H.R. 3905: Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act. DEARREPRESENTATIVE : Since 1919, the National Parks Conservation Association (NPCA) has been the leading voice of the American people in protecting and enhancing our National Park System. On behalf of our more than 1.3 million members and supporters nationwide, I urge you to oppose H.R. 3905: Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act when it is reviewed at a markup by the Natural Resources Committee on Tuesday and Wednesday, November 7th and 8th. NPCA strongly opposes this legislation as it undermines two decisions made by the U.S. Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) regarding harmful sulfideore copper mining within the watershed of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness and Voyageurs National Park. The legislation also carves out a special exception for Minnesota from protective provisions of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act (FLPMA) and the Antiquities Act. H.R. 3905 threatens the decisionmaking process already set in motion by the Forest Service to consider a twentyyear mineral withdrawal within the Superior National Forest in the Rainy River watershed. These public lands lie upstream of two prized and federallyprotected areas, the Boundary Waters Wilderness and Voyageurs National Park. Both areas are easily threatened by pollutants from mining activities in this watershed given the exclusive drainage into their waters. Tens of thousands of people have already submitted comments on this matter and over 2,000 have participated in agencysponsored listening sessions. This legislation could erase the remarkable outpouring of public support for clean water and public lands, and set a precedent for legislating a decision that could counter what our federal agencies and public want. The legislation also threatens the BLM’s decision, with advice from the Forest Service, not to renew two mineral leases on the edge of the Boundary Waters Wilderness held by Twin Metals Minnesota. Although the language of the legislation is unclear, it is possible its intent is to restrain Forest Service and BLM discretion on lease renewals while reinstating the Twin Metals leases. Congress has granted discretion to the Forest Service and BLM to assess the circumstances and surrounding environment of any mineral lease application, including applications for lease renewals. Based on this discretion, both agencies have determined that this region is too vulnerable for this type of risky mining, a type of mining never before allowed in Minnesota. Twin Metals would operate in the northeastern part of the state upstream of the Boundary Waters Wilderness that hosts some of cleanest water in America, and Voyageurs National Park, which encompasses over 84,000 acres of water relied upon by many native species. NPCA also strongly objects to carving out a special exception for Minnesota from the protective provisions of the Antiquities Act and FLPMA. The Antiquities Act allows the president to establish national monuments on federal lands already owned by all Americans. Nearly every president since 1906 (eight republicans and eight democrats) has used the Antiquities Act as a bipartisan conservation tool to protect our nation’s history and culture. The bill would eliminate this authority on federal lands in Minnesota, making it only the second state declared offlimits for national monuments declared by presidential proclamation. To carve out exceptions from this law is nothing short of a betrayal to the American people and the land and history we’ve spent generations protecting. FLPMA establishes the authority of the Secretary of the Interior to withdraw land from leasing for up to twenty years. Any final Forest Service and BLM decision to move forward with a twentyyear mineral withdrawal would be based on a thorough, sciencebased process through the National Environmental Policy Act. H.R. 3905 would eliminate this authority solely for Minnesota, alone among the fifty states, and undermine the ability of the agencies to do their job, as appointed by Congress. Thank you for considering our views on this important legislation. Please reject H.R. 3905 during this week’s markup. Sincerely, ANIKAME’ENUI, Director, Legislation and Policy. 
GIRL SCOUTS OF MINNESOTA AND  WISCONSIN LAKES AND PINES, November 26, 2017. DEARMEMBER OF CONGRESS : I am writing to request you vote no on HR 3905, which is a bill that would stop a 2year Forest Service study of environmental, economic, and social risks to the Boundary Waters from sulfideore copper mining on Superior National Forest lands in the headwaters of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area. For over fifty years, Northern Lakes Canoe Base has offered wilderness canoe trips in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW). I guided Girl Scout canoe trips for five years and have directed our wilderness program for 7 years and am writing this letter to describe the strengths of this program to you and to underscore the fact that this oneofakind program cannot exist anywhere other than the Boundary Waters. Girls who come on our canoe trips may have had basic camping and canoeing experiences, but few have experience in wilderness travel. We typically serve 150–200 girls a summer. In general, girls travel in wilderness areas less than boys. Even in 2017, girls are taught to think that the outdoors is no place for a girl because it is hard work, dirty, and going to the mall is just much easier. We teach teenage girls, in a girlonly environment, that their individual strength and the power of teamwork is far greater than they ever imagined. They also learn that hardwork and dirt is part of the fun on a Boundary Waters canoe trip, and they leave with an appreciation for the beauty of wilderness and an understanding of the challenges they now know they can overcome. Girl Scout wilderness canoe trips bring out the best in teenage girls; we see how creative, hardworking, and kind they can be to each other. It doesn’t take much imagination to believe that these traits will follow them back to their everyday life. We are a high quality, affordable program and pride ourselves in our thriftiness. We use our canoes for 20+ seasons and packs and paddles summer after summer. We do this so we can serve girls from all economic backgrounds, including local iron range and Native American communities. For years we have received feedback from participants crediting their Boundary Waters experience for continued, lifelong growth. Our program cannot exist somewhere other than the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. No other place on earth offers the perfect combination of accessibility and high adventure that the BWCAW offers. Many of our participants drive to Ely from Chicago, Milwaukee, and Minneapolis. Many others fly to Minneapolis and then rent a car to get to Ely. Unlike many other wilderness areas which may be high on a mountain range or only accessible by highclearance vehicles, it is easy for a mom or dad to drive a van full of girls to the Boundary Waters, send them on a trip, and then pick them up a week later. The Boundary Waters is also unique in that, unlike many other wilderness areas, visitors don’t require any previous experience or training to have a safe, adventurous trip. Anyone seeking adventure and challenge belongs on a canoe trip, not just body builders and endurance athletes. We have even seen that a Girl Scout canoe trip sometimes inspires girls who may be uninterested in athletics or leadership to seek out her own creative ways to be active and healthy, leading to improved confidence and greater aspirations. Again, it doesn’t take much imagination to conclude that girls who experience wilderness travel will go on to make the world a better place. Girl Scouts canoe trip participants always remark that the solitude they find in the Boundary Waters is unlike any they have found elsewhere, whether at their own Girl Scout resident camp or a state or national park. The quiet environment of a protected wilderness area gives them an opportunity to reflect on their life in a way that they could not in a nonwilderness setting. Girl Scouts end their canoe trip with a swagger to their step, ready to take on any challenge that comes their way. Thank you for doing your part to preserve the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness by voting no on HR 3905. It means a lot to all of us in Ely whose programs and businesses are focused around wilderness travel. Sincerely, ANNMCNALLY , Northern Lakes Canoe Base Summer Program Director/Guide. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule and H.R. 3905, the Minnesota Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act. 17,000 jobs, $3 billion for education, $1.5 billion in annual wages, and $2.5 billion annually for our economy are at risk if we don’t pass H.R. 3905. Further, there are more than 4 billion tons of ore containing copper, nickel, and other metal resources within the area the previous administration tried to shut down, which represents the largest known undeveloped deposit of strategic and critical minerals in the world. If left unchallenged, these political antimining and antieducation actions set precedent for a sweeping executive power grab that threatens communities throughout the country. Education will be significantly harmed, as Minnesota is projected to lose up to $3 billion in royalty revenues for the State’s permanent school trust fund that would support nearly 900,000 K–12 students statewide if the withdrawal application and canceled leases are not rejected. As the President, on January 19, was leaving office, he actually proposed a massive land withdrawal in northern Minnesota, immediately placing 245,000 acres off limits to development potentially for 20 more years in the future. In conjunction with this massive mineral withdrawal, the Obama administration’s Bureau of Land Management inappropriately rejected Twin Metals Minnesota’s application to renew two hard rock mineral leases in Minnesota’s Superior National Monument. Finally, I want to put to rest the false claim raised by the extremist groups that this bill would affect the 1.1millionacre Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness that already has a significant buffer between it and the forest. No one is advocating to mine in the wilderness or the surrounding buffer zones. In fact, the bill clearly states on page 4: ‘‘Nothing in this section may be construed as permitting the prospecting for development and utilization of mineral resources within the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness or Mine Protection Area.’’ Congress has authorized mining in the forest by law two different times, and the 1986 Forest Service and 2004 Forest Plans both concluded mining is a desired condition in the Superior National Forest. Mr. Speaker, I ask Members to support this commonsense, jobcreating bill and to support the rule to bring this bill to the floor for proper adjudication. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, one of the reasons why many of us are opposed to H.R. 3905 is because we see it as a corporate giveaway that puts treasured public lands in the hands of a Chilean mining conglomerate. So much of what comes out of this Congress is about rewarding those who are wellconnected and welloff, rewarding corporations at the expense of average citizens. I will go back to our previous question, which would force a vote. Everything would still move forward, but it would force a vote on a bill that was introduced by Ms. ESHOO that would require Presidents and Presidential nominees to release their tax returns. It is not just the connections between the Trump family and this mining company that we have concerns about; it is the connections between this President and his administration and the tax bill that is being proposed that we know would raise taxes on millions and millions of middle class families and basically give a big tax cut to the wealthiest individuals and to corporate special interests and to corporations. We think that is all backwards, but I think the American people deserve to know who benefits and who doesn’t. Again, for the life of me, I don’t understand why so many of my Republican friends have circled the wagons in opposition to transparency, in opposition to letting the American people know where this President’s conflicts of interests are, and basically protect what I think may very well be multiple conflicts of interest and maybe conflicts of interest that lead directly into a collision course with corruption. This is a big deal. All this legislation that we are talking about here today, there is a good piece of legislation, the brownfields legislation; a bad piece, that is this mining bill. This still goes forward, but vote with us to defeat the previous question so that we can bring up this other bill. Now, my Republican colleague from Wyoming may say: Well, that is not what we are talking about here today. The Democrats are just trying to muddy up the discussion. The reason why we have to resort to a procedural motion to bring up this bill to force the President and Presidential nominees to release their tax 
returns is because the Rules Committee shuts everything down that this leadership doesn’t want to see come to the floor. We can’t bring this bill to the floor to require the President to release his tax returns under regular order and our normal process. They won’t let us. We can’t offer it as an amendment. They won’t let us. This is the only way we can do it. I would urge my Republican friends to stop defending the indefensible here. This thing would apply not just to Donald Trump, it would apply to every President. We have never had to do this before because every other President has released their tax returns. This President, for some reason, doesn’t think it is anybody’s business. Given the nature of the legislation coming out of this House of Representatives, I think the American people need to know and have a right to know. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would just, once again, point out that we have important work that we are trying to get done here, we have important work we have got to do on behalf of the American people. Mr. Speaker, elections have consequences, and we have an obligation to do what our constituents sent us here to do, and that includes a whole range of things that we have been very effective at doing, historically effective in this body since January in terms of deregulation, in terms of passing the repeal of ObamaCare, in terms of moving forward on tax cuts in terms of actually passing the legislation to cut taxes, and importantly also, Mr. Speaker, moving forward to provide the resources that our military needs. We all watched just over the course of the last 24 hours as the North Koreans launched yet again another ICBM. We live in a dangerous world. It is increasingly dangerous, historically dangerous. Those are the issues that we are focused on as Republicans and as Members of this House. Those are the issues that we need to focus our attention on. Again, I think we have grown to expect, no matter what the rule is, no matter what the underlying bill is, we are going to hear the same thing from our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, not addressing the substance of these issues, not addressing the substance of the things the American people sent us here to do. I am very proud to stand here today doing exactly that. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY ) for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this rule for H.R. 3905 as well as the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year I had the opportunity to travel to Minnesota with Minnesota Congressmen EMMER  and NOLAN and others to visit the Superior National Forest in northeast Minnesota. While northeast Minnesota is a long way from the Fourth District of Arkansas, the people, areas, and the economics are somewhat similar. This is a rural area where local economies and constituencies depend on the ability to sustainably and responsibly harvest and mine the natural resources found there. Unfortunately, the previous administration placed the wants of special interest environmental groups before the needs of Minnesotans and others who depend on natural resources management. In my opinion, they trampled our Article I constitutional authority of the legislative branch when doing so. On January 19, 2017, one day before President Trump was sworn in, the Obama administration published a 235,000acre Federal mineral withdrawal application in the Federal Register to impose a 20year moratorium on lands within the Superior National Forest in northeast Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, this was in direct conflict with the will of Congress and the law going back to when the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness was established. At the same time, the Obama administration wrongly rejected Twin Metals Minnesota’s application to renew two hard rock mineral leases that were renewed in 1989 and 2004. The land in question is not in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness and it doesn’t even border Boundary Waters. In fact, the land in question is outside a buffer area around Boundary Waters created by Congress to protect the Boundary Waters. This politically motivated decision has the ability to destroy the local economy, kill job creation, significantly harm education in Minnesota, and sets a bad precedent. I want to talk just a moment about the impact this decision will have on Minnesota education. If this withdrawal is allowed to take place, Minnesota is projected to lose up to $3 billion in royalty revenues for the State’s permanent school trust fund, supporting nearly 900,000 students. Mr. Speaker, as someone who represents schools, communities, and counties that depend on programs like Secure Rural Schools and PILTs, I know the harm that will be brought on school districts, specifically rural school districts, should the withdrawal and application rejection go forward. How much longer will we allow rural communities and education to suffer because a special interest group doesn’t agree with forest management or mining, even though any projects will be carried out in compliance with all environmental regulations in a responsible manner? Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3905 is a vital piece of legislation to not only Minnesota, but to other States and communities that depend on natural resource utilization. It is also important for the legislative branch to remind the executive branch it is not their job to make law or to change laws made by Congress. For these reasons, I ask my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, if I could just inquire of the gentlewoman how many more speakers she has. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  two letters in opposition to H.R. 3905 signed by virtually every major environmental organization in the country. 
NOVEMBER 8, 2017. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members and supporters, we urge you to OPPOSE H.R. 3905, the ‘‘Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act’’ scheduled for markup in House Natural Resources on Wednesday. Section 3 of this radical bill, which would require Congressional approval of any monument extension or designation involving National Forest lands in Minnesota, represents yet another direct attack on one of our nation’s bedrock conservation laws, and flatly ignores the overwhelming public support for protecting unique and sensitive federal lands and ocean areas through national monument designations. We urge the committee to consider the following during markup of H.R. 3905 this week: Contrary to the Intent of the Law—The Antiquities Act was designed to allow for swift and necessary action, including when Congress is either unable or unwilling to act, to protect irreplaceable resources from potential threats. Not only has the law successfully protected some of our nation’s most remarkable historical, cultural and natural treasures for a century, Congress intentionally left this presidential power intact when passing the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (signed into law by President Ford). A Vote Against our Parks—Supporting any bill that would undermine the Antiquities Act is a vote against parks. Nearly half of America’s national parks began as national monuments including the Grand Canyon, Acadia, Zion, Muir Woods, and Olympic National Parks; and over twothirds of our national monuments are managed by the National Park Service. Quite simply, a vote against the Antiquities Act is a vote against our national parks and monuments. Federal Lands Belong to All Americans— The Antiquities Act is used only to protect federal lands already owned by the American public. By carving out an exception for national forest lands within Minnesota, Section 3 of H.R. 3905 flies in the face of our nation’s shared public heritage and disregards how dearly the public values iconic public lands and waters, like Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness and Voyageurs National Park. Bipartisan History—A signature achievement of President Theodore Roosevelt, the Antiquities Act has been used by 16 presidents since its inception—8 Republicans and 8 Democrats. 
Out of Step with the Public—This bill is wildly out of step with the American public’s support for our national parks and monuments. Just this summer, a vast majority of the 2.8 million people who submitted comments on the issue raised their voices in support of keeping our national monuments protected just as they are. These voices made Secretary Zinke’s national monuments public comment period the largest public comment period in the history of the Interior Department. Across the West, public support for protecting our national monuments has proven strong, and a significant majority of Western voters oppose more mining and drilling on public lands. According to Colorado College’s Conservation in the West Poll, 80% of western voters support ‘‘future presidents continuing to protect existing public lands as national monuments.’’ This poll reinforces other surveys that document widespread public opposition to congressional attacks on new parks. Americans want more protected public lands, not less! Opposed by Diverse List of Hundreds of Organizations—As demonstrated by this letter as well as the attached letter signed by nearly 200 organizations, a diverse array of local and national organizations representing sportsmen, outdoor recreation businesses, local chambers of commerce, cultural heritage, historic preservation and conservation have consistently opposed efforts to undermine the Antiquities Act in any form. Disregards Local Economies—Economic research shows that national monuments support the growth of local economies, bringing in tourism and recreation dollars and boosting the quality of life. The Outdoor Industry Association reported this year that public lands like our national monuments help support 7.6 million jobs in America, and $887 billion in outdoor recreation activity. Monuments Protect our Shared History and Culture—In response to broad community input, sites honoring America’s military and outdoor heritage, as well as those expanding the diversity of our national park system to better recognize the contributions and histories of Native Americans, Hispanics and AfricanAmericans have been designated under the Antiquities Act. These monuments include Fort Ord, Fort Monroe, Charles Young Buffalo Soldiers, Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad, Chimney Rock, Organ MountainsDesert Peaks, Cesar E. Chavez and many more. Recent attacks on national monuments, from President Trump’s executive order, to Interior Secretary Zinke’s hasty and arbitrary review of these magnificent places, to legislative proposals like H.R. 3905 are a smokescreen for other uses of these special places. Thank you for considering our concerns. In order to adequately protect iconic places like the Boundary Waters, Voyageurs National Park, and all of Minnesota’s shared public resources, we urge you to vote no on H.R. 3905. Sincerely, American Bird Conservancy, American Rivers, Boundary Waters Trust, Center for Biological Diversity, Conservation Lands Foundation, Defenders of Wildlife, Earthjustice, Earthworks, Endangered Species Coalition, Environment America, Environmental Law & Policy Center, Environmental Protection Information Center, Friends of the Earth, Hip Hop Caucus, League of Conservation Voters, National Parks Conservation Association, Natural Resources Defense Council, Northeastern Minnesotans for Wilderness, Sierra Club, Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance, Tuleyome, The Wilderness Society, Wilderness Watch. N OVEMBER 28, 2017. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members and supporters, we urge you to OPPOSE H.R. 3905, the socalled ‘‘Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act,’’ when it is considered on the House floor. Simply put, H.R. 3905 is a bill to allow sulfideore mining at the edge of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW), directly threatening one of America’s mostaccessible and mostvisited Wilderness Areas. At 1.1 million acres in size, the BWCAW is the largest Wilderness east of the Rockies and north of the Everglades. This interconnected system of lakes, rivers, and streams provides unparalleled opportunities for solitude, recreation, hunting and fishing. The connections between Northern Minnesota’s national forests, Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, Voyageurs National Park, and Quetico Provincial Park makes this entire transboundary area extremely susceptible to the threat of pollution from sulfideore mining, one of the most toxic industries in America, according to the Environmental Protection Agency. H.R. 3905 would require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota and would provide for the perpetual renewal of federal mineral leases in Minnesota, including two that were denied by the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management. The bill undermines the Antiquities Act, National Environmental Policy Act, Federal Land Policy and Management Act, Boundary Waters Wilderness Act, and other laws regulating mineral leasing in Minnesota’s national forests. Contrary to the bill’s title, H.R. 3905 would do more harm than good for the economy of Northern Minnesota. Economic analysis by KeyLog Economics LLC shows that sulfide ore mining on Superior National Forest lands in the watershed of the Boundary Waters could lead to the loss of nearly 5,000 jobs in tourism, 5,000 to 22,000 jobs in the rest of the economy, a $1.6 billion loss in annual income, and a $500 million reduction in private property values. Specifically, we urge opposition to this bill because it would: Renew two expired and undeveloped mineral leases on Superior National Forest lands next to the Boundary Waters and along lakes and rivers that flow directly into the Wilderness, advancing a foreign mining company’s interests at the expense of beloved American public lands. Void the December 2016 record of decision by the Forest Service withholding its consent to two mineral lease renewal requests in the Superior National Forest due to the unacceptable risks to this watershed, which according to the Forest Service holds 20 percent of the National Forest System’s fresh water supply. Undermine the National Environmental Policy Act by limiting review of these two mineral leases to a 30day environmental assessment. Contrary to the bill language, there is no ‘pending EA.’ However, this section would override the ongoing twoyear Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) initiated by the Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management to carefully consider the potential impacts of sulfideore mining on the Boundary Waters watershed. The ongoing EIS is strongly supported by Minnesota’s Governor Dayton and by the citizens of Minnesota. More than 79% of Minnesota voters support the study, while more than 126,000 citizens submitted comments during the scoping phase. Amend the 1906 Antiquities Act by mandating Congressional approval for any national monument designations in Minnesota’s national forests. The Antiquities Act is a bipartisan conservation law, which has been used by Presidents of both parties, to protect irreplaceable federal lands from potential threats. Monument designations under the Antiquities Act have provided protection for areas including the Grand Canyon, Acadia, Zion, Muir Woods, and Olympic National Parks. Quite simply, this attack on the Antiquities Act is an attack against our national parks and monuments. Amend the 1976 Federal Land Policy and Management Act (FLPMA) by mandating Congressional approval for mineral withdrawals in Minnesota’s national forests. Additionally, FLPMA intentionally left intact the presidential power to protect public lands as monuments. Bar the Forest Service from complying with its legal obligations under the 1978 Boundary Waters Wilderness Act. In this Act Congress requires the Forest Service to maintain the highwater quality of the Boundary Waters and a Mining Protection Area within the Superior National Forest. The Forest Service concluded that sulfide ore mining near the Boundary Waters would be ‘‘contrary to Congress’ determination that it is necessary to ‘protect the special qualities of the [BWCAW] as a natural forest lakeland wilderness ecosystem of major esthetic, scientific, recreational and educational value to the Nation.’’’ Make all mineral leases on Minnesota’s national forests essentially perpetual. The ‘perpetual’ nature of these leases is material change in longstanding mineral leasing law and policy. The bill would also override the two laws (1946 and 1950) on mineral leasing in Minnesota’s national forests that require Forest Service consent to any mining. Ignore the request of the International Joint Commission that environmental review of impacts on transboundary water quality and cumulative effects be studied and the requests of four tribal entities (the area is Ceded Territory). Thank you for considering our concerns. In order to adequately protect iconic places like the Boundary Waters, Voyageurs National Park, and all of Minnesota’s public lands, and bedrock environmental laws like the Antiquities Act and the National Environmental Policy Act, we urge you to OPPOSE H.R. 3905. Sincerely, Allegheny Defense Project, American Bird Conservancy, American Canoe Association, American Rivers, Boundary Waters Trust, Center for Biological Diversity, Clean Water Action, Conservation Lands Foundation, Crow River Trail Guards, Defenders of Wildlife, Earthjustice, Earthworks, Endangered Species Coalition, Environment America, Environmental Law & Policy Center, Environmental Protection Information Center, Ernest C. Oberholtzer Foundation, Freemans Explore LLC, Friends of Bell Smith Springs, Friends of the Boundary Waters Wilderness, Friends of the Land of Keweenaw, Gila Resources Information Project, Great Old Broads for Wilderness, GreenLatinos, Heartwood, Kentucky Heartwood, Klamath Forest Alliance, League of Conservation Voters, Mining Impact Coalition of WI, National Parks Conservation Association, Natural Resources Defense Council, Northeastern Minnesotans for Wilderness, Save Lake Superior Association, Shawnee Forest Sentinels, Sierra Club, Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance, The Conservation Alliance, The Ernest C. Oberholtzer Foundation, The Wilderness Society, Tuleyome, W. J. McCabe (Duluth) Chapter, Izaak Walton League of America, WaterLegacy, Wilderness Watch, Wildlands Network. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, we oppose the overall rule, but I will say to the gentlewoman that we would have no problem even with the closed rule on the brownfields bill, which is one of the bills that I think has bipartisan support and reflects a legitimate process. What we have a problem with is H.R. 3905, which we think is a corporate giveaway that puts treasured public lands in the hands of a Chilean mining conglomerate, and we think that is wrong. I agree with the gentlewoman that we ought to be doing important business here, but I would argue that, rather than rewarding some Chilean mining conglomerate, the more important business would be making sure we keep the government open, because we have a government shutdown fast approaching on December 8. I would say to the gentlewoman that we have got to pass the Dream Act and help 800,000 people whose lives have been thrown into turmoil because of this President. b1345 We ought to extend the Children’s Health Insurance Program. We ought to debate flood insurance. We ought to pass additional hurricane relief. We ought to address funding for the Vets Choice Program. That is more important, that is more vital to the national interest than basically rewarding some Chilean mining conglomerate. Finally, I would say to my colleagues here that we will ask you to vote to defeat the previous question. We will ask you to defeat the previous question so we can bring up and have a vote on a bill that will require this President and all Presidents and all party nominees to release their taxes. I think the American people have a right to know where the conflicts of interest are with this White House. I think they have a right to know who benefits from this tax bill that we know is a giveaway to corporations that will raise taxes on millions of middle class families. They have a right to know who benefits from this. I am astounded that the bar keeps on getting lower and lower and lower for my Republican friends. I mean, we have daily offensive tweets. We have irrational statements that come out of this White House on a daily basis, and there is silence. When it comes to transparency, when it comes to making sure that there are no conflicts of interest, my Republican colleagues will not even allow us to have a vote on basically requiring this President and all Presidents to release their tax returns. That is not passing judgment on this President. It would be a requirement of all Presidents and nominees. Basically, it is saying, let the sunshine in. Let us make sure that there are no conflicts of interest. That ought to matter, because everything that comes out of this House seems to be directed at helping those who are welloff and wellconnected. Every corporation is cheering when this House comes up with legislation, whether it is on tax reform or whether it is on helping mining companies, because it always seems to benefit those who are the most welloff. Well, it is about time we put people first. It is about time the American people know what is going on in this government. Let the sunshine in. There is nothing wrong with that. We are doing it this way because it is the only avenue available for us to bring this to a vote, because the Rules Committee and the leadership in this House shuts off debate on issues that they find uncomfortable. This is supposed to be the people’s House, not the Russia House. We ought to be a place where we have deliberative engagements, where we discuss important issues, where we do things that benefit the American people. I would say to my colleagues again, vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can have this debate. If you want to help the President cover up his tax returns, fine. You can vote ‘‘no,’’ but we ought to have a vote. I don’t know why this is so controversial. It, to me, is a nobrainer. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank my colleagues, Mr. MCKINLEY and Mr. E MMER , for their work on these important bills. I want to thank my colleague, Mr. MCGOVERN . I am glad to hear him say that they want to put people first. Mr. Speaker, that is exactly what we are doing; whether we are talking about our tax bill, which is going to put money back in people’s pockets; whether we are talking about repealing and replacing ObamaCare, which we have passed through this House; whether we are talking about defense spending that is going to protect the people of this Nation. All across Wyoming, Mr. Speaker, I know my constituents are very grateful that we are now suddenly putting people first after years of putting the government first. We are not doing that anymore, Mr. Speaker. It is true, this is the people’s House. And in this House, Mr. Speaker, we ought to always live by and remember the rules of Alexander Hamilton: ‘‘Here, sir, the people govern.’’ In this House, Mr. Speaker, we are charged with carrying out the obligations of the people who elected us. The bills and the rule that we are debating today do just that. Both of these bills are absolutely critical for spurring economic development across our country. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of both the rule and of these underlying bills. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 631 O FFERED BY  MR. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: SEC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 305) to amend the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 to require the disclosure of certain tax returns by Presidents and certain candidates for the office of the President, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and ranking minority members of the Committees on Ways and Means and Oversight and Government Reform. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 305. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative 
Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 227, nays 189, not voting 17, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—17 
Bridenstine Butterfield Conyers Graves (MO) Hartzler Herrera Beutler Jayapal Kennedy Larson (CT) Long Lucas Luetkemeyer Pocan Posey Smith (MO) Stivers Wagne 
b1413 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. VALADAO ). The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 228, noes 186, not voting 19, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa 
Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—19 
Bridenstine Butterfield Conyers Graves (MO) Hartzler Herrera Beutler Jayapal Kennedy Lewis (GA) Long Lucas Luetkemeyer Nadler Pocan Posey Smith (MO) Stivers Suozzi Wagner 
b1421 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 630) requiring each Member, officer, and employee of the House of Representatives to complete a program of training in workplace rights and responsibilities each session of each Congress, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
SECTION 1. MANDATORY COMPLETION OF PROGRAM OF TRAINING IN WORKPLACE RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES. 
(a) R EQUIRING TRAINING FOR ALLMEMBERS , OFFICERS , ANDEMPLOYEES .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this resolution, the Committee on House Administration shall issue regulations to provide that, during each session of each Congress, each Member (including each Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress), officer, and employee of the House of Representatives shall complete a program of training in the workplace rights and responsibilities applicable to offices and employees of the House under part A of title II of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.), including antidiscrimination and antiharassment training. (2) INCLUSION OF INTERNS , FELLOWS , AND 
DETAILEES .—For purposes of this resolution, an individual serving in an office of the House of Representatives as an intern (including an unpaid intern), a participant in a fellowship program, or a detailee from another office of the Federal Government shall be considered an employee of the House. (b) DEADLINE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Under the regulations issued by the Committee on House Administration under subsection (a), an individual shall complete the program of training required under subsection (a) and file a certificate of completion of such training not later than— (A) in the case of an individual who is serving as a Member, officer, or employee of the House as of the first day of a session of Congress, not later than 90 days after the session begins; or (B) in the case of any other individual, not later than 90 days after the individual first becomes a Member, officer, or employee of the House during the session. (2) SPECIAL RULE FOR ONE HUNDRED FIF TEENTH CONGRESS .—In the case of the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, an individual shall complete the program required under subsection (a) not later than 180 days after the second session of the Congress begins. (c) ADDITIONAL MECHANISMS .—The Committee on House Administration shall consider additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the training requirement under subsection (a). 
SEC. 2. STATEMENT OF RIGHTS AND PROTECTIONS PROVIDED TO HOUSE EMPLOYEES UNDER CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995. 
The Committee on House Administration shall issue regulations to provide that each employing office of the House of Representatives shall post in a prominent location in the office (including, in the case of the office of a Member of the House or a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress, a prominent location in each office in the Member’s congressional district) a statement of the rights and protections provided to employees of the House of Representatives under the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, including the procedures available to employees of the House under such Act for responding to and adjudicating allegations of violations of such rights and protections. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. HARPER ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRADY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi. 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks on H. Res. 630. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this House resolution. The resolution is one part of the Committee on House Administration’s comprehensive review of the laws, procedures, and resources concerning workplace harassment in the House. A harassmentfree policy and workplace is vital in creating that culture that will require everyone on Capitol Hill to work together effectively. First and foremost, Mr. Speaker, there is no place for sexual harassment in our society, and especially in Congress—period. I believe as Members of Congress, we must hold ourselves to a higher standard, a standard that demonstrates we are worthy of the trust 
placed in us by our constituents and the American public. There have been a number of accounts by current and former colleagues and staff that suggest not every office is achieving this goal. That is simply unacceptable. This resolution will mandate that each Member, officer, employee, intern, and fellow of the House of Representatives is fully aware of the laws that apply to them and their right to a harassmentfree workplace under the Congressional Accountability Act. The Committee on House Administration recently held a hearing as its first step in its review. We heard from Members, House employment counsel, and the Office of Compliance. There was a broad consensus that mandatory training is a necessary step for the House to prevent and eliminate harassment in the workplace. It is important to note, Mr. Speaker, that Republicans and Democrats have joined together to take this step, and I want to specifically thank Representative COMSTOCK and Representative SPEIER for their leadership on this issue. The resolution requires training and education to ensure that each Member, officer, employee, intern—paid or unpaid—and fellow knows their obligations and rights. Further, the resolution requires that each congressional office post in a prominent place a notice describing the rights and protections provided to House employees under the Congressional Accountability Act. Both of these measures are regular order in the private workplace, and the House should do nothing less. The American people have entrusted each of their Representatives with an enormous responsibility. Each Member is sent here to help make our country better. The first place we should start is in our own Chamber. Training on workplace rights and responsibilities will ensure that those who are victims of harassment can obtain justice and work in that harassmentfree environment. In Ronald Reagan’s farewell address, he spoke of his vision of America as the shining city on the Hill, one built on rocks stronger than oceans, with everyone living in harmony and peace. We are not perfect and we never will be, but I believe in that vision. This resolution can be one important step to protect the members of our Capitol Hill community and to demand that we have respect for each and every person here in this workplace. The resolution sets an important requirement that each Member, officer, and employee, including interns and fellows, must undergo this mandatory training or education every year. b1430 For the current Congress, everyone must complete this training within 180 days of the start of the second session of January 3. Following that, individuals will have to complete the training within 90 days of the start of each session. It is often said that the urgent gets in the way of the important on Capitol Hill. Not today. This is an important issue, and today we will vote to ensure that the entire House community receives the needed training on how to ensure a harassmentfree workplace. This harassmentfree environment should be afforded to every single member of our community from that unpaid intern to the Speaker of the House. Awareness, education, and training is a first step in the prevention and elimination of sexual harassment, which has no place on Capitol Hill. I look forward to working with my colleagues to achieve this goal. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution. We would not be here today if it were not for the courage of my friend and colleague, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ). All of us should be grateful for her leadership on this issue. This resolution is the start, but it is just a start. We have to reform the Congressional Accountability Act, we have to modernize to fully fund the Office of Compliance, and there is much more to do. I appreciate the effort of my chairman, Mr. HARPER , and the seriousness with which he has taken this issue and his commitment to bipartisan progress. The status quo cannot and will not be tolerated. Passing this resolution begins with the first step here. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), who is our Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRADY ) for his leadership, and I thank Chairman HARPER for his as well. I thank them for bringing this legislation to the floor. Here it is, November 29, 2017, an historic day in the history of the Congress, a watershed moment in our Congress’ history because it is a day in which we will take the opportunity to make change. This body is taking a constructive first step to protect all Members of our legislative community from harassment and discrimination in the workplace. This vote is vital to upholding the integrity of the U.S. Congress. We are grateful for the tremendous leadership of Congresswoman JACKIE  SPEIER . I have observed her leadership on this subject for a very long time. She has a lifetime commitment to exposing and ending the scourge of sexual harassment. I thank her for that leadership. I want to also acknowledge my own daughter, Christine Pelosi, who is the chair of the Women’s Caucus of the California Democratic Party. She is a former prosecutor in San Francisco and prosecuted these cases, and she has been a strong, strong advocate for protecting people in the workplace and has had some level of success with that. So here we are at this watershed moment in the nationwide fight against sexual harassment and discrimination. Brave women in every corner of the country and in every industry are making their voices heard. As Members of Congress, we have a moral duty to show real, effective leadership to foster a climate of respect and dignity in the workplace, with absolutely zero tolerance for harassment, discrimination, or abuse. Anything less is unacceptable. Requiring the Members and the staff to take training, while valuable—and we must have it—must be only a first step. We must make sure that that training is very effective as well. But the next step for Congress to take is to pass the ME TOO Congress Act, introduced by Congresswoman SPEIER , to create greater transparency and accountability in the broken reporting and settlements system. Taxpayer money should not have been spent to build a culture of silence and complicity around workplace harassment. We must make a judgment about how that was used. This bill, the ME TOO Congress Act, will reform the shameful secret settlements policy that has persisted. It will ensure that survivors who wish to share their stories publicly can come forward, and they can come forward to the Ethics Committee. We want to create a culture that says to everyone who comes to work here: This will be hospitable for you. We want it to be a culture that is a model to the Nation. In addition to that, Mr. Speaker, this moment is a moment of truth for Congress. It is disappointing and disturbing that some in the Capitol have not served with the dignity and respect required of this office. It is very hard to accept that people we admire in public life and here in Congress have crossed the line and broken the public trust and violated the dignity and respect of those who have worked for or with them. But zero tolerance means consequences for everyone. No matter your contribution to our country, you do not get a pass to harass or discriminate. No matter how great the legacy, it is not a license to harass or abuse. To the victims of harassment and abuse: We hear you, and we believe you. We are here for you. Where there is harassment, women and men must have support to come forward. We have a duty, again, to address their concerns and provide them needed resources. We don’t want to lose the leadership or service of any patriot who comes to work in or around Congress. We cannot let harassment or discrimination destroy their safety or drive them out of public office. We cannot tell young 
women or men who aspire to serve in this historic body that they must put up with harassment and abuse. Mr. Speaker, I want to just close by again thanking Congresswoman JACKIE  SPEIER for her leadership and thanking Chairman HARPER , Mr. B RADY , and all who are concerned. It is utterly unconscionable that courageous survivors who seek to end the nightmare of sexual harassment are also dealt the injustice of having their voices silenced. During this watershed moment, we must seize the moment and take real, lasting action. The eyes of the country are on us. We cannot fail them or any prospective victims. I thank all of those who have brought this to the floor: Congresswoman COMSTOCK , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. B RADY , and Congresswoman SPEIER . Mr. Speaker, I urge a strong, unanimous vote on this resolution. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS), who is the vice chairman of the Committee on House Administration. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of this resolution requiring all Members and staff to complete antiharassment and antidiscrimination training during each session of Congress. I would like to thank Chairman HARPER. I would like to thank Speaker RYAN for announcing this policy change in the House. I would like to thank my friend and colleague on the House Administration Committee, BARBARA COMSTOCK , for introducing this important bill. No one should have to worry about sexual harassment when they come to work. As a former staffer and someone with a femaleled office, I believe this resolution is an important first step in addressing this problem as we work to increase professionalism in the House and establish a workplace that is grounded in respect. In Congress, we have got to lead by example. As a member of the House Administration Committee, we worked hard to pass reforms last Congress to make House office spending more transparent and accountable than any other area of the Federal Government, and I am confident in this committee’s ability to address, in a bipartisan way, this important issue as well. I look forward to the continued hearings the committee will have on this issue as we work to institute policies that protect staffers against sexual harassment and ensure female staffers are provided leadership opportunities. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this resolution. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member of the House Administration Committee for yielding and for his leadership. I also want to salute Ms. SPEIER and Chairman H ARPERfor their work, too. I rise in strong support of H. Res. 630, which requires all Members, staffers, and interns to undergo annual antiharassment and antidiscrimination training to impress upon all of us our individual responsibilities and rights as they relate to sexual harassment. It would also require the posting of a statement in all of our Hill offices, and also in our district offices, setting forth what the rights and protections are of our employees so they know. This is how we got rid of minimum wage violations and violations of overtime protections in America, and this is how we will eliminate sexual harassment here on Capitol Hill. From coast to coast, America is in an uproar over sexual harassment and sexual assault in the workplace. From Capitol Hill to the White House, from the offices of FOX News in New York to the studios of Hollywood, from Washington to Alabama, high officials and media luminaries are learning that sexual harassment really is against the law and that it is a terrible offense against people lower down the hierarchy in the workplace who are just trying to do their jobs, make a living, support their families, and develop their careers. This is America, and they have a right to equal opportunity without being harassed, grabbed, imposed upon, and threatened in the workplace. As the people’s Representatives, we have an obligation to lead not just by legislation, but by example. We must have comprehensive training for everyone who has the honor of coming to work here in the House of Representatives. The good news is that a paradigm shift is taking place in America. Women everywhere are bravely speaking out against conduct that prior generations were forced to accept as business as usual. It will no longer be safe—and it should no longer be safe— for men to sexually harass women in the workplace. We have experienced dramatic cultural shifts like this before in America and in Congress. For many decades, Members of Congress could convert money from their campaign funds to personal use. Then we got rid of it, and then it became unthinkable. Similarly, there was a time when lobbyists could wine and dine legislators. We got rid of it and we moved beyond it. I am glad we are moving into an era of the harassmentfree workplace on Capitol Hill. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ), who is the distinguished chair of the Committee on Ethics. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 630, introduced by my colleague BARBARA COMSTOCK , which mandates antiharassment and antidiscrimination education for all Members of Congress and their staff during each session of Congress. I commend my colleagues, Representative COMSTOCK and Representative SPEIER , who have worked on this bipartisan resolution together. Both know this issue too well from the Member and the staff level. Both have seen firsthand how our current process has failed to protect many who devote their lives to working on behalf of the American people in the House of Representatives. The resolution they have introduced is an important and appropriate first step to educating Members and staff on inappropriate workplace actions and how to report such conduct. It is absolutely unacceptable to be subjected to harassment or discrimination of any kind wherever you are or wherever you work. Importantly, this resolution requires all who work for the House of Representatives, from Members of Congress to staff, detailees, fellows, and interns, whether paid or unpaid, to be educated on their rights in the workplace and where they can safely and confidentially go to report instances of misconduct. Mr. Speaker, as chair of the House Ethics Committee, I can assure you the committee takes allegations of discrimination and harassment very seriously. Under House rule X, the House Ethics Committee is authorized to enforce standards of conduct for Members, officers, and employees. The committee is authorized to investigate alleged violations of any law, rule, or regulation and to make recommendations to the House for further action. The committee has sole jurisdiction over the interpretation of our Code of Official Conduct. In order for the Ethics Committee to fulfill its obligation to investigate and potentially discipline Members and staff, the committee must be given information on potential bad actors. The Congressional Accountability Act was enacted over 20 years ago, in 1995, and it needs to be reevaluated. It established the Office of Compliance as the agency responsible to administer and enforce the civil rights, labor, and workplace safety and health laws of the CAA. There may be elements of the CAA that are working well today, but silencing victims and potentially spending taxpayer dollars to settle claims needs to be reevaluated. It is time for Congress to take action to reform a process that is not working as well as it should and to ensure that we have legislation that protects victims while also ensuring due process for the accused. While there is much more work to be done, I applaud the action my colleagues have taken by introducing this important education resolution. I am committed to continuing to work with the House Administration Committee, as well as my colleagues in the House, to improve the workplace called the 
people’s House and the conduct of those who work in it. In supporting this resolution today, I believe we are one step closer to expressing to the Nation that sexual harassment is wrong and must be prevented and stopped. Mr. Speaker, I urge a unanimous vote by my colleagues in the House. b1445 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ). Again, I thank her for her courage. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I thank our ranking member, Mr. BRADY , for his steadfast support on this issue; the chairman, Mr. HARPER , who has moved swiftly to address this issue; and also my colleague, Congresswoman COMSTOCK , for bringing this resolution to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I have been working on this issue since 2014. I am so delighted that we are here today taking up this measure. As we take this up, I hope that we remember that training must be more than an online module. It must be in person, interactive, specific to congressional workplace issues, and taken seriously. Today’s bill is an important step in the right direction, but let’s not fool ourselves. It is a baby step. Let us not, to paraphrase Shakespeare, tread the primrose path while leaving survivors to struggle the steep and thorny way to justice. We are in the midst of a cultural revolution. We are elected Representatives of the American people, and we must not hesitate to do what is needed to fix this broken system. Seventy percent of those who are sexually harassed never report it. They never report it. One woman came up to me as I was walking the Halls of Congress to thank me. She said that she was on this very floor working late in the evening on a particular bill. A Member came up behind her, grinding up against her, and then stuck his tongue in her ear. That happened on this floor, with Members probably standing around. So we do have a problem, and we must address it. Unfortunately, due to the system Congress has created to protect itself from being exposed, there has been no accountability. It is now clear that this misguided attempt to protect the institution is instead harming it and leaving victims in its wake. We work in a very special place, a trusted place, but let me be very clear: we are not special. The outcry for accountability that we are hearing from all corners of the country must be heeded. We are seeing titans of entertainment, news, and every other business be swiftly terminated. Yet, here in Congress, we hide behind due process niceties when, in reality, we have constructed a system that shields us from true accountability. Did Harvey Weinstein or Matt Lauer receive months of due process before being terminated? When do we simply believe the victims and provide them a fair and safe process to report and get justice? Then we have got to decide: Is one occurrence worthy of expulsion? Two? Three? These are thorny issues. We don’t like to come down on our friends and colleagues. I get that. But don’t we have a moral responsibility to victims, to society at large? When the CEO of a major company is fired because of sexual harassment, the board of directors doesn’t say: Let’s wait until the shareholders can meet and decide. Well, colleagues, our board of directors are the American people, and they are loud and clear. They do not want us to hide behind opaque decisions by the House Administration or Ethics Committees. They do not want to pay for our inability to keep our hands to ourselves. They want accountability and transparency, and they want it now. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, but to also join me in taking Congress from a cruel and disgusting joke to a leader in workplace fairness. I know we can do better than this. The American people know we can do better than this. We must rise to the challenge. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ), a distinguished member of the Committee on Financial Services. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. HARPER for the opportunity to speak on this very important issue. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate JACKIE  SPEIER , a Democrat from California, and BARBARA COMSTOCK , a Republican from Virginia, for providing leadership on this issue. I am delighted to join them. Mr. Speaker, there can be absolutely zero tolerance for sexual harassment, bullying, and intimidation in the workplace. I don’t care if you are a professional athlete, in the media business, in the entertainment business, or certainly in the people’s House here in Congress, there can be zero tolerance for this sort of behavior. It is about time, Mr. Speaker, that the legislative branch join the executive branch in making sure there is mandatory training to try to prevent this from happening and end it right now. I salute Congresswoman SPEIER  and Congresswoman COMSTOCK for their leadership. Mr. Speaker, my only child is a millennial. The last thing I want to worry about is my son going to work and being intimidated or harassed such that he can’t do his work. My mother, who is now 89, had a terrific career in the healthcare business. She was a nurse. She could not have had a career in nursing had she showed up at hospitals and nursing homes being scared about a work environment. Finding and preventing sexual harassment, intimidation, and bullying wherever it is is a nobrainer for Members of Congress. I am asking, Mr. Speaker, everybody in this Chamber, whether Republican or Democrat—and, yes, on the other side of the dome in the Senate, also—to please, let’s pass this resolution, starting in the House. It is a first step to change the internal rules to eliminate this anywhere on Capitol Hill. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ). Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution. I am grateful to all the women who have come forward with their own story of sexual harassment and to my own colleagues in Congress who have shared their own very, very personal stories. Thanks to their courage and strength, it has become clear how pervasive this problem truly is across our Nation. That must stop. Today starts the beginning of much needed change. Sexual harassment and assault comes in many forms, but none of it has a place here in Congress or in any other work environment, period. Stop. That is especially true here in the Halls of Congress. We must not set the gold standard. We must set the platinum standard. We must be that beacon on the hill. That is why we must pass this resolution. This is an important first step in our national conversation to change our culture of harassment, but this is not and cannot be the last stop. We must reform the entire reporting system here in Congress. We must make sure victims are heard and are cared for. We must shine light on the settlement process. Then we must work to ensure that, from Congress to Hollywood, to media and to every kitchen table across our great Nation, men and women know that when they go to work, they will be treated with respect, especially here in the Halls of Congress. It will take time and commitment to make that meaningful change, and I stand ready to help fulfill that commitment with this important, yet vital, first step. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ), who is also a distinguished member of the Committee on House Administration. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this important issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 630, my legislation to begin to deal with the sexual harassment issue. Thirty years ago, in 1988, a 34year old legislative aide named Dorena Bertussi faced a very lonely fight when she decided to stand up to a powerful Congressman, Jim Bates from California, who repeatedly sexually harassed her and others in his office with questions, comments, and actions such as asking her what type of sex she 
liked and saying different things that he would imagine. He talked about her breasts. He humped her leg in front of the staff and said vulgar things that are really too unpleasant to talk about in this body. Dorena didn’t get a lot of press attention or some of the support that victims get today. She got little support from this body. She went on her journey alone. She received nasty phone calls and even threats. She was warned they would release damaging information about her. Fortunately, she prevailed. Men and women in the workplace should know her name and know she was the first woman to win a sexual harassment case against a Member of Congress. Let’s remember, as we see all these headlines about men leaving their jobs and things going on, behind all of them are women who are victims like Dorena. There is a lot of pain in dealing with such a situation. In speaking with her recently, I could hear that pain even 30 years later. As a mom, former intern here in this body, former congressional staffer and counsel, and a Justice Department employee, I do believe this is a watershed moment. I have a female chief of staff. I have a female district director. But we also need to have men and women involved in this process. I am so happy with the men who are coming forward, because this is a workplace issue, a human rights issue, and an issue that addresses all of us and our daughters and sons in the workplace. When I was working in Congress in the nineties for Congressman Wolf, just a few years after Dorena, there were Members like ‘‘Good Time’’ Charlie Wilson, who openly bragged about hiring staff based on their looks and breast size, famously saying: You can teach them to type, but you can’t teach them to grow breasts. He used a more vulgar term. At the same time, Senator Bob Packwood—and this is a bipartisan problem—assaulted over a dozen women. He kept a diary of his debauchery that had been ignored for years. It wasn’t acceptable then, and it certainly shouldn’t be acceptable now. Yet we have stories of Members still in this body today that my colleague, Ms. SPEIER , and other victims are bringing forward. I told one such story, and I am pleased that Members have responded to say there is no place for that type of sexual action in this body. This legislation promotes the essential principles of accountability and personal responsibility. It is bipartisan legislation because bad behavior transcends party labels. Men and women— all of us—are coming together. You are seeing this beyond this body. Obviously, it was in the corporate world just today. This resolution sends the message, as Peggy Noonan wrote in The Wall Street Journal: ‘‘The SexualHarassment Racket Is Over.’’ I include in the RECORD her oped from this past week. [From the Wall Street Journal, Nov. 23, 2017] THESEXUAL HARASSMENT RACKET ISOVER (By Peggy Noonan) This Thanksgiving I find myself thankful for something that is roiling our country. I am glad at what has happened with the recent, muchdiscussed and continuing sexual harassment revelations and responses. To repeat the obvious, it is a watershed event, which is something you can lose sight of when you’re in the middle of it. To repeat the obvious again, journalists broke the back of the scandal when they broke the code on how to report it. For a quarter century we had been stuck in the He Said/She Said. Anita Hill and Clarence Thomas gave their testimonies, each offered witnesses, and the fair minded did their best with the evidence at hand while sorting through all the swirling political agendas. In the end I believed Mr. Thomas. But nobody knows, or rather only two people do. What happened during the past two years, and very much in the past few months, is that reporters and news organizations committed serious resources to unearthing numbers and patterns. Deep reporting found not one or two victims of an abuser but, in one case, that of Bill Cosby, at least 35. So that was the numbers. The testimony of the women who went on the record, named and unnamed, revealed patterns: the open bathrobe, the running shower, the ‘‘Let’s change our meeting from the restaurant to my room/your apartment/my guesthouse.’’ Once you, as a fairminded reader, saw the numbers and patterns, and once you saw them in a lengthy, judicious, careful narrative, you knew who was telling the truth. You knew what was true. Knowing was appalling and sometimes shocking, but it also came as a kind of relief. Once predators, who are almost always repeat offenders, understood the new way of reporting such stories, they understood something else: They weren’t going to get away with it anymore. They’d never known that. And they were going to pay a price, probably in their careers. They’d never known that, either. Some great journalism, some great writing and thinking, has come of this moment. Ronan Farrow’s New Yorker pieces have been credible and gutsy on all levels. Masha Gessen’s piece in the same magazine last week warned of moral panic, of a blurring of the lines between different behaviors and a confusion as to the boundaries between normal, messy human actions and heinous ones. Rebecca Traister of New York magazine has argued that it is a mistake to focus now on the question of punishments, that maybe the helpful thing is to focus on what’s going on in our society that predators think they can get away with this. Caitlin Flanagan in the Atlantic wrote the most important political piece in ‘‘ Bill Clinton: A Reckoning.’’ What is striking about this moment, she argued, is not the number of women who’ve come forward with serious allegations. ‘‘What’s remarkable is that these women are being believed.’’ Most didn’t have police reports or witnesses, and many were speaking of things that had happened years ago. ‘‘We have finally come to some kind of national consensus about the workplace; it naturally fosters a level of romance and flirtation, but the line between those impulses and the sexual predation of a boss is clear.’’ What had impeded the ability of victims to be believed in the past? The Bill Clinton experience. He was ‘‘very credibly’’ accused, as Ms. Flanagan wrote, of sex crimes at different points throughout the 1990s—Juanita Broaddrick said he violently raped her; Paula Jones said he exposed himself to her; Kathleen Willey said she went to him for advice and that he groped and assaulted her. These women ‘‘had far more credible evidence’’ than many recent accusers. ‘‘But Clinton was not left to the swift and pitiless justice that today’s accused men have experienced.’’ He was rescued instead by ‘‘a surprising force: machine feminism.’’ That movement had by the ’90s devolved into a ‘‘partisan operation.’’ Gloria Steinem in March 1998 wrote a famous New York Times oped that, in Ms. Flanagan’s words, ‘‘slutshamed, victimblamed, and age shamed’’ the victims and ‘‘urged compassion for and gratitude to the man the women accused.’’ This revealed contemporary feminism as ‘‘a weaponized auxiliary of the Democratic Party.’’ Ms. Steinem characterized the assaults as ‘‘passes,’’ writing: ‘‘Even if the allegations are true, the President is not guilty of sexual harassment.’’ Ms. Steinem operated with the same logic as the skeeviest apologist for Roy Moore: Don’t credit any charges. Gotta stick with our team. Ms. Flanagan: ‘‘The widespread liberal response to the sexcrime accusations against Bill Clinton found their natural consequence 20 years later in the behavior of Harvey Weinstein: Stay loudly and publicly and extravagantly on the side of signal leftist causes and you can do what you want in the privacy of your offices and hotel rooms.’’ The article called for a Democratic Party ‘‘reckoning’’ on the way it protected Bill Clinton. It was a great piece. I close with three thoughts. The first springs from an observation Tucker Carlson made on his show about 10 days ago. He marveled, briefly, at this oddity: Most of the accused were famous media personalities, influential journalists, entertainers. He noted that all these people one way or another make their living in front of a camera. It stayed with me. What is it about men and modern fame that makes them think they can take whatever they want when they want it, and they’ll always get away with it, even as word, each year, spreads. Watch out for that guy. Second, if the harassment is, as it seems to me, weirder and more over the top now than, say, 40 years ago, why might that be? Third, a hard and deep question put quickly: An aging Catholic priest suggested to a friend that all this was inevitable. ‘‘Contraception degenerates men,’’ he said, as does abortion. Once you separate sex from its seriousness, once you separate it from its life changing, lifegiving potential, men will come to see it as just another want, a desire like any other. Once they think that, then they’ll see sexual violations as less serious, less charged, less full of weight. They’ll be more able to rationalize. It’s only petty theft, a pack of chewing gum on the counter, and I took it. In time this will seem true not only to men, but to women. This is part of the reason I’m thankful for what I’m seeing. I experience it, even if most women don’t, or don’t consciously, as a form of saying no, this is important. It is serious. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. She noted the patterns of the various infamous predators of late and how their victims were now coming forward. These are the same kind of victims that we see in human trafficking or child abuse. She writes: ‘‘Once predators, who are almost always repeat offenders, understood the new way of reporting such stories, they understood something else: They weren’t going to get away 
with it anymore. They’d never known that. And they were going to pay a price, probably in their careers. They’d never known that, either.’’ Sexual predators—and we need to understand the predator behavior—has no place in this body. Today’s education effort is just the first step. In the weeks going forward, we need to revise our process. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BOST). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman. Mrs. COMSTOCK. In the weeks going forward, we need to revise the process to make it easier for women to come forward and provide them an advocate, ombudsman, or counsel, as Dorena recommended; we need to have a prohibition on any kind of Memberstaff relationships with subordinates; no taxpayer funding for settlements of sexual harassment by Members of Congress; and transparency and accountability about who the harassers are. Mr. Speaker, I also thank the business community for their support. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ), a valued member of our committee. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, for us women who have been victims of assault or harassment, this is a very serious, serious matter. I intend to vote for this bill today. But, as has been mentioned, it is just a first step. We know on the House Administration Committee that we are going to have to dig in and make sure that the training that is referred to in this bill is a lot better than what we have right now. It is deficient. I would like to say also that the process that we have for victims to come forward is an embarrassment. It needs to be refined, reviewed, and fixed from the point of view of the victim. b1500 Here in America, every day we open our news feed and we see someone else who has been fired because of engaging in sexual harassment misconduct. It is part of, really, a component of devaluing women. That is what this is about. I heard my colleague from the House Administration Committee mention the columnist who said that the sexual harassment racket is over. I am afraid it isn’t. Not yet. But it is our obligation to make sure that it does end. We are the House of Representatives. It should be expected of us that we take the lead, that we set the standard for how women can be valued in the workplace. I think this first step is valuable, but if we had to walk a mile, this is a foot. I am happy to support this measure, but I am looking forward to working with Mr. BRADY , who has been such a leader, and the committee. We have had a bipartisan effort with the chairman of the committee. We have got a lot of work to do, and I look forward to doing it. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have left? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Mississippi has 5 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania has 8 minutes remaining. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). He is a distinguished member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise as well as a member of the House Ethics Committee to assure the public that the House Ethics Committee takes these matters very seriously. I rise in strong support of H. Res. 630, and I hope that it passes unanimously today. I commend BARBARA COMSTOCK and JACKIE SPEIER for their tremendous work in this area. Congress should be leading on this issue, helping to foster a workplace environment free of sexual harassment, discrimination, and other terrible behavior. Congress must ensure an atmosphere where those who serve their country here feel protected, supported, and believed, particularly young people who come here with such idealism, no matter the power of the offender. I take these matters seriously, as should every Member of Congress. The reports that taxpayer funds have been used for settlements related to harassment by Members of Congress are rightfully infuriating to the American people and to me personally. We need transparency and accountability and to end any sexual harassment settlements paid by taxpayers. Today’s action ensures that thousands of House employees know their rights and the services offered to victims. I strongly urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington, D.C. (Ms. NORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chair and ranking member of the committee for bringing this bill forward at a time of national crisis in the workplace on sexual harassment. When I chaired the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, which was 15 years after the statute had been passed, sexual harassment had not even been defined as a form of workplace discrimination. We held hearings and so defined it, and the Supreme Court thereafter affirmed the EEOC guidelines. Congress, nevertheless, exempted itself until 30 years later when in 1995— prompted by a controversy involving Members of the Congress—brought Congress under 13 major civil rights and labor laws. But mysteriously—and I still can’t understand why—Congress exempted itself from the easiest provision, the provision we bring forward today for posting and training. I will never understand that failure, but we are trying to move forward today. There are other needed provisions, and I have introduced a bill to bring the comprehensive provisions that we now require of the legislative branch or the private sector forward, and I thank the Committee on House Administration for continuing to work on these issues, too. Congress failed in 1964. Congress failed again in 1995. Now, in 2017, it is impossible to justify exempting congressional offices and Members of Congress from the comprehensive provisions Congress now requires of private employers and Federal agencies. We will never be respected until we are brought under the same laws as everybody else. Congressional staff deserve the same civil and antidiscrimination protections afforded to other Federal employees. It is important that powerful figures who play an outsized role here in Congress be brought to the same level as other employers. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ), a distinguished member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 630, a resolution I helped introduce that would require sexual harassment training and antidiscrimination training for Members of Congress, staff, and interns. The requirements in this resolution are long overdue, Mr. Speaker. This is an issue which the Federal Government must be a leader on. Under this legislation, training must be completed within a certain timeframe, and employees must provide proof they have completed the training to the Committee on House Administration. It is very important that we take serious steps to address harassment in Congress. I applaud Congresswoman COMSTOCK on her leadership. I have been proud to work with Congresswoman SPEIER , along with the bipartisan group of my colleagues, to make sure we have a productive, safe, and professional work environment here in Congress. This resolution is part of that solution, and I will continue working and pressing for additional reforms. I urge all of my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ). Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution that requires every House Member and employee to complete antiharassment, antidiscrimination training. The first commonsense step is to make this training mandatory. I introduced a bill a month ago and gathered over 100 cosponsors, Democrats and Republicans, to make sexual harassment training mandatory in the House, Senate, and support offices. I am glad the Senate has required training with this resolution, and now the 
House must do the same. When women are at the table, Mr. Chairman, I am glad to say the conversation changes, and the voices in Congress of women have changed the conversation here. It is important that we must do all that we can to improve the congressional workforce, reform our outdated processes, and I support this legislation to address this issue, and I know that my Members of Congress will do the same today. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ), the chair of the House Republican Policy Committee and a distinguished member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his work. Hoosiers get it. The recent reports of sexual assault and harassment in Congress are reprehensible. I applaud Representative COMSTOCK  for her hard work on this resolution. The House resolution today is an important step in the right direction. It mandates that everyone working in Congress has the proper antiharassment training. We must do more. The AP recently reported that the Federal Government has spent $17 million in taxpayer money settling harassment claims and other violations. It is astounding that tax dollars have been spent to protect Members of Congress and silence victims. It is not okay. That is why I am filing legislation to stop taxpayer dollars from being used in this way, to settle sexual harassment claims against Members of Congress. This legislation will empower victims by releasing them from nondisclosure agreements that prevent them from coming forward and telling their story. Let’s pass today’s resolution and then keep working to do more. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ). Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman BRADY  and the chair. I want to thank especially Congresswoman SPEIER and Congresswoman COMSTOCK for their good work on this issue. Almost 40 years ago, I worked here in the United States Congress as a member of the staff. I was 23 years old and I was sexually assaulted by a distinguished guest of the United States Congress. Neither I nor anyone in my office had received any type of sexual harassment training. I had no place to turn; I had no one to tell; and I could do nothing about it. But today is a historic day. This is a watershed moment. Times have changed and people do make changes. This is one that we are all standing together—Republicans, Democrats, men, women, across the board—to say ‘‘enough is enough.’’ I support this resolution as an important first step so that every Member of Congress and every member of the staff on Capitol Hill understand that we are drawing the line. We have had enough. We need to address sexual harassment and assault in the workplaces, on college campuses, in our military, and communities. The Halls of Congress can be no exception. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. REED), a distinguished member of the Committee on Ways and Means. Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and join my colleagues. The Republican and Democratic men and women stand together here on the floor of the House to join in the recognition that when it comes to sexual harassment and sexual assault across America, we say ‘‘no more.’’ We say ‘‘enough is enough?’’ Yes, this is a step—a small step in the right direction, but it is a legitimate step for us to reflect those that we represent across America and saying to the issue that have impacted all of us, my family included, when it comes to sexual harassment and sexual assault, we stand together as Americans and in this body to declare that no more shall sexual harassment and sexual assault be allowed to exist in our society. I applaud my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for doing this and the leadership they have demonstrated on this issue once and for all. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, first I want to thank my colleagues and all those ‘‘me too’’ survivors who bravely come forward to tell their stories of sexual harassment. Imagine you are a young congressional staffer who eagerly comes to Washington to make the world a better place for some and work for someone you actually believe in. Instead, your boss breaks your trust with unwanted sexual advances, groping, abusive language, or worse, and you feel absolutely devastated and powerless. Here is the thing: the United States Congress has made sexual harassment in the workplace illegal, yet this behavior has sullied our own Halls. Quite frankly, I think it is pitiful and embarrassing that we even have to have this discussion, but with that said, today’s resolution to require mandatory antiharassment training is obviously a good step and necessary. And there is more work to be done, as my colleagues have said. There must be respect and safety in all our workplaces, in Congress, and across America. I urge all my colleagues to support this good resolution. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN  B. MALONEY ). (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) b1515 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member BRADY for his leadership; Chairman HARPER for moving so swiftly on this issue; and my colleague, JACKIE SPEIER , who has selflessly worked on this issue for many years, along with BARBARA COMSTOCK . Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill. Too often, harassment is treated just like it is part of the job; and if anyone complained, they were fired, punished, or paid off to be silent. This is an important cultural change where harassment, which is illegal, is treated seriously as a crime that needs to stop; and to train staff, Members, and officers on how to know what is right and what is wrong so that there is no misunderstanding. This is a first step. I strongly support Congresswoman SPEIER ’s bill that has a comprehensive approach, which bans the use of taxpayer money to silence victims and to settle this. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, make no mistake about it, this is bullying: sexual bullying harassment. I have a wife, a daughter, a granddaughter, and a greatgranddaughter. I have a responsibility to protect them. In the people’s House, we have mothers, wives, daughters, granddaughters, greatgranddaughters, and we have a responsibility to protect them. Men have a responsibility to stand up and confront this behavior when we see it. We have a responsibility to demand better of other men. We have a responsibility to confront these bullies. Men who use their power to harass and abuse others are disgraceful, and we cannot tolerate their behavior. We need to stop having a system that enables it. Mr. Speaker, I personally witnessed an incident back in my perch, where I stay back in the corner there, of a Congresswoman that was leaning back talking to me, and a Congressman walked by and groped her from behind. I reached over and, lucky for him, I just couldn’t grab him. I wanted to chase him down the aisle, but the Congresswoman, as classy as she is, said: ‘‘No, don’t do that. You may get in a little trouble. We will take care of him.’’ And he got taken care of pretty well. I wonder if women would be disrespected or sexually bullied if their husbands or their fathers were standing next to them when somebody tried to sexually harass them or grope them. That is why I say men who do that are bullies and cowards. Just treat women with the respect and dignity that you would your own mother. Mr. Speaker, I ask for a unanimous vote on this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this House, this special place, should not be tarnished any longer by the inexcusable behavior of some of our Members. The standard needs to be high. Mr. Speaker, I give a special thank you to Speaker PAUL RYAN and his commitment that he has that we get this right. I thank Ranking Member BRADY for the way that we have been able to work together on this. Certainly, Representatives SPEIER and COMSTOCK have been invaluable in this process as we go forward. We have heard from so many Members today on the importance of this. This is a resolution that is necessary and it is a product of a strong bipartisan incorporation. This is something that is just the beginning, as has been said today. We had a hearing on November 14, and we will have another hearing on the Congressional Accountability Act on December 7. But to have this resolution to make sure that our Members and staff are educated to know their rights and responsibilities is a critical first step. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 630, which would require each Member, officer and employee of the House to complete antidiscrimination and antiharassment training. Enacting this legislation ought to be a first step toward affirming with one voice that there is absolutely no place for discrimination nor harassment of any kind in the Halls of Congress. But we must also do more than agree to mandatory training. As elected officials, we ought to be held to a higher standard. Congress must review and improve the current administrative procedure for victims to come forward. All harassment and discrimination allegations must be taken seriously. After enacting this measure, Congress must streamline the process, protect victims that wish to be protected, and ensure all allegations of wrongdoing are investigated with professionalism, urgency and due process. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation and encourage the House to take whatever administrative steps are necessary to make it easier for victims to come forward. More importantly, I respectfully ask all of my colleagues to take a close look inward at themselves and their offices and to put an immediate end to the cultural climate that has allowed harassment and discrimination to tarnish the institution of Congress. We can do better and we must. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House Committees on the Judiciary, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 630, which requires all employees of the House of Representatives—including Members, interns, detailees, and fellows—to complete an antiharassment and antidiscrimination training program during each session of Congress. Additionally, each individual would be required to complete the training within ninety days of the start of each session, and each new employee to complete the training within ninety days of their hire date. This training must be completed every session of Congress. The resolution directs the Committee on House Administration to issue regulations to ensure compliance and transparency and upon passage of the resolution, the Committee is required to promulgate these regulations within thirty days. Mr. Speaker, the many allegations of sexual harassment that have come to light involving prominent individuals in the fields of government, entertainment, business, and other fields in recent months are appalling and intolerable. There must be zerotolerance for sexual harassment in our society, and this body can set an example for the nation by declaring itself to be sexual harassment free zone and policing itself to hold members, staff, and associated personnel to this standard. It is important that all persons working in this body understand that everyone has a right to a workplace free of harassment and intimidation and that complaints will be taken seriously and fully investigated by the Ethics Committee or the House Administration Committee. Mr. Speaker, this is the moment to embrace and affirm zero tolerance for sexual harassment and assault and we must soon reauthorize and strengthen the Violence Against Women Act to provide stronger tools to prevent and punish sexual harassment and sexual assault. As the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, I am committed to doing all I can to make this happen as soon as possible. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H. Res. 630 and urge all Members to vote in favor its adoption. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H. Res. 630. This legislation would require all Members, offices, and employees of the House of Representatives to complete a workplace rights and responsibilities training program each session of Congress. H. Res. 630 is a focused effort to address harassment and discrimination on Capitol Hill. As recent headlines have exposed, these issues are pervasive across the country. As leaders of the United States and voices for our constituents, we must do better. If we want to eliminate sexual harassment in the workplace, we must lead by example and be willing to take every available step to ensure these instances are prevented and promptly addressed. As a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee, I have long been committed to creating a positive and safe work environment. In early October of this year, my staff participated in a program on sexual harassment and workplace rights. Empowering employees with knowledge of their rights and drawing clear distinctions between appropriate behavior and harassment can help thwart abuses before they can occur. Additionally, educating employees on ways to report abuse can ensure that when incidents happen they are addressed forthrightly. H. Res. 630 also requires interns and fellows to undergo training as well which is vital to full compliance. Most offices have wellestablished intern programs, and these individuals are often young, unpaid, and particularly vulnerable. It is important to ensure they too know their rights and what is appropriate in an office setting. I support H. Res. 630 because it is a bipartisan effort to promote equality and fair treatment in the workplace and it is a good first step in addressing such an extensive problem. Some may rightfully ask what took us so long. Passing this legislation sends the message that we condemn harassment in any form, and that we will use our authority to support positive work environments. I urge each of you to support H. Res. 630. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. HARPER ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 630. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MINNESOTA’S ECONOMIC RIGHTS IN THE SUPERIOR NATIONAL FOREST ACT Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 631, I call up the bill (H.R. 3905) to require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of certain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 631, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–41 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 3905 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CONDITION ON MINERAL WITHDRAWAL OF NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS IN MINNESOTA. 
Minerals within the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota shall not be subject to withdrawal from disposition under United States mineral and geothermal leasing law unless the withdrawal is specifically approved by an Act of Congress enacted after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. CONDITION ON MONUMENT DESIGNATION ON NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS IN MINNESOTA. 
Section 320301 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) LIMITATION ON EXTENSION OR ESTABLISH MENT OF A NATIONAL MONUMENT IN MINNESOTA .—No extension or establishment of national monuments on National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota may be undertaken except by express authorization of Congress.’’. 
SEC. 4. CLARIFYING THE NATURE OF MINERAL RIGHTS ON FOREST SYSTEM LANDS IN MINNESOTA. 
(a) M INERAL LEASES ISSUED WITHIN FOREST  SYSTEM LANDS IN MINNESOTA .— (1) IN GENERAL .—All mineral leases issued within the exterior boundaries of National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota under the authority of the Act of June 30, 1950 (16 U.S.C. 508b), or section 402 of Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1946 (5 U.S.C. App.), are indeterminate preference right leases that— (A) shall be issued for an initial 20year period; and (B) as provided in paragraph (2), shall be renewable after the period described in subparagraph (A) for 10year renewal periods. (2) REQUIREMENTS FOR RENEWAL .—A lease shall be renewed under paragraph (1)(B)— (A) if the lessee has complied with the terms and conditions of the lease during the preceding lease period; and (B) on the condition that, at the end of each tenyear renewal period, such reasonable readjustment of the terms and conditions of the lease may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, for the purpose of— (i) encouraging production; or (ii) addressing changing conditions within the lease area. (b) SUSPENSION OF OPERATIONS .—The Sec retary of the Interior may suspend operations under a lease described in subsection (a) when— (1) the lease can only be operated at a loss due to market conditions; or (2) operations are interrupted by strikes. (c) PERMITS FOR USE OF SURFACE LANDS.— With respect to lands subject to a lease pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, may issue permits for the use of surface lands not included in the lease for purposes connected with, and reasonably necessary to, the exploration, development, and use of the deposits covered by the lease. (d) APPLICABILITY TO MINERAL LEASES .—This section shall apply with respect to all mineral leases described in subsection (a), including— (1) leases that on the date of the enactment of this section are not in effect; and (2) the hard rock mineral leases for the Superior National Forest in Minnesota identified as MNES–01352 and MNES–01353. (e) APPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL ENVIRON MENTAL POLICY ACT OF 1969.—The National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4331 et seq.) shall apply with respect to a mineral lease described in subsection (a). In the case of the renewal of the existing hard rock mineral leases referred to in subsection (d)(2), the Bureau of Land Management shall complete the pending environmental assessment no later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) EXCLUSION OF BOUNDARY WATERS CANOE  AREAWILDERNESS .—Nothing in this section may be construed as permitting the prospecting for development and utilization of mineral resources within the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness or Mine Protection Area. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. After 1 hour of debate, it shall be in order to consider the further amendment printed in House Report 115–429, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered read, shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for a division of the question. The gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 3905. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman GOSAR for his leadership on this and other issues in the Congressional Western Caucus. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, mining in the Superior National Forest, where these leases are located, has previously been authorized by Congress on several occasions. First in 1950, and again in 1978. With that bill—the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness Act—Congress established a compromise in which mining was prohibited within the 1.1 million acre Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, but specifically authorized in the Superior National Forest. Likewise, U.S. Forest Service plans for these areas have identified mining in these Superior Forest locations as a ‘‘desired condition.’’ Despite this longstanding precedent, in December of 2016, the Obama administration abruptly canceled mining leases that have been held and renewed for decades in northern Minnesota. Then in January, the day before leaving office, President Obama signed off on a mineral withdrawal for an area spanning 425,000 acres, including 95,000 acres of State school trust fund lands. There is a torrent of misinformation surrounding this bill, with alarmist groups begging that we ‘‘save the Boundary Waters.’’ Mr. Speaker, the Boundary Waters were saved in 1978. The lowimpact mining arrangements that these mining leases entail do not endanger the Boundary Waters, which is itself protected by a significant buffer as well. The bill reiterates—redundantly, I will add, but in order to make it crystal clear—that mining is prohibited in the Boundary Waters and the surrounding buffer. To say otherwise is a blatant falsehood. A few other facts that you won’t hear from alarmists but that deserve to be said: this bill retains the full protections enshrined across the array of environmental laws and regulations which apply to mine leasing, permitting, and operation. The most notable in this case are the National Environmental Policy Act—NEPA—and the Clean Water Act, which still apply, in full. But the fact is that this bill is not about removing environmental protections, as some may have said. Rather, what about when you don’t actually remove any? Rather, what initiated this situation is an arbitrary overreach by the Obama administration at the last minute. It was looking to score political points on its way out the door by taking the nearunprecedented action of initiating a full mineral withdrawal. That was undemocratic, and the huge support that this bill and mining in general enjoys in Minnesota’s Eighth Congressional District, where the Superior Forest is located, is proof positive. But Article IV of the Constitution vests Congress with authority over public lands, and it is now up to us to act. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate this chance to clear the air on some of the misconceptions and falsehoods that have been tarnishing this bill. It really is unfortunate that commonsense, local issues like this one are being dragged into a national partisan brawl. Nevertheless, I hope my colleagues are able to see through the deception, recognize the clear benefits of mining in Minnesota, and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important bill. Finally, I would like to share some comments from the Associated General Contractors of Minnesota, who noted that ‘‘H.R. 3905 changes no environmental review processes, relaxes no environmental standards, and specifically restates Congress’ prohibition on any mining activity in the BWCAW and the surrounding protective buffer.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  their full letter. 
OFMINNESOTA , November 22, 2017. DEARCONGRESSMAN WALZ: On behalf of the Associated General Contractors of Minnesota and our over 400 member firms, I am writing to urge your support for H.R. 3905, the ‘‘Minnesota’s Economic Rights (MINER) in the Superior National Forest Act,’’ bipartisan legislation sponsored by Cong. Tom Emmer (MN–6th) and cosponsored by Cong. Collin Peterson (MN–7th), Cong. Jason Lewis (MN– 2nd) and Cong. Paul Gosar (AZ–4th). H.R. 3905 is currently on the agenda of the House Rules Committee, on a path for House floor action in the coming weeks. In 1950, Congress took action to make land available for mineral exploration and development within the Superior National Forest (SNF) within the Iron Range region in Northeast Minnesota. In 1978, Congress prohibited mining within the region’s Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW) and an adjacent protective buffer zone, while reaffirming that mining should be allowed and promoted in the remaining area of the SNF. H.R. 3905 aims to correct the injustices being thrust upon the Iron Range by requiring congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, as well as providing for the renewal of certain mineral leases and ensuring future leases in the area remain valid and renewed as outlined by current law. Moreover, H.R. 3905 changes no environmental review processes, relaxes no environmental standards, and specifically restates 
Congress’ prohibition on any mining activity in the BWCAW and surrounding protective buffer. H.R. 3905 would reaffirm longstanding Congressional intent in the management and development of critical minerals in Minnesota, eliminate bureaucratic delays in developing environmentallyresponsible mine projects proposals, and restore the promise of future job growth and economic opportunity to an economically distressed region of the state. We strongly urge your vote in support of H.R. 3905. Thank you for your support of mining in Minnesota and the thousands of good paying jobs that are sustained through safe and effective management of these natural resources. Sincerely, TIMWORKE , CEO. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is quite simply a giveaway of mining rights on roughly 5,000 acres of public lands right next to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness in northern Minnesota to a Chilean mining conglomerate so that it can develop a copper mine that will, in all likelihood, leach toxic acid waste into the Boundary Waters for decades, if not centuries, to come. In order to do this, this bill overrides multiple laws that are in place to allow priceless natural places to be protected and it vetoes the scientific conclusions of the U.S. Forest Service. Last year, the Forest Service recommended that two undeveloped 50 yearold mining leases in Minnesota’s Superior National Forest be allowed to expire, stating that the development of a copper mine on these leases could lead to potentially extreme contamination of the Boundary Waters wilderness from acid mine drainage and leached materials. The Boundary Waters isn’t just a pristine and unique wilderness, it is also an economic engine for northern Minnesota. Over 1,000 pristine lakes, 1,200 miles of streams, and 2,000 campsites attract more than 150,000 visitors each year to canoe, kayak, fish, bird watch, ski, and simply explore and enjoy the natural beauty and peacefulness that is unlike anywhere else in the United States. These visitors bring in tens of millions of dollars annually, supporting thousands of local jobs. b1530 The ecological and economic value of the Boundary Waters led the Forest Service to conclude: ‘‘ . . . development of a regionally untested copper nickel sulfideore mine within the same watershed as the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness might cause serious and irreplaceable harm to this unique, iconic, and irreplaceable wilderness area.’’ As a result, the leases were not renewed, and the Forest Service began a study to look at whether to protect the area adjacent to the Boundary Waters from mining for the next 20 years. This 2year study is open. It is a public process designed to gather scientific information and local views on the potential impacts of copper mining, which is immediately adjacent to the Boundary Waters, and it is supported by an overwhelming majority—79 percent—of the voters in Minnesota. Even this administration here in Washington has said that it intends to allow the study to run its course before making any decisions, but this legislation would make that study meaningless. It would reinstate the leases and make it almost impossible for them to expire. It would block the Forest Service from acting on its study no matter what it found and how the people in the region feel, and it would make it impossible for the President of the United States to protect this area using the Antiquities Act, all so a Chilean mining company can move forward with a dangerous mine next to one of our most pristine and special natural places. Mr. Chairman, our public lands belong to all Americans, not simply to wealthy mining companies with the connections and the cash to try to overturn decisions they don’t like through legislation. The company that we are talking about is challenging this decision to not renew their leases in court. That is the appropriate venue for that debate, not here in the Halls of Congress. We shouldn’t rewrite the law to make sure that they get their way. Even if the company wins the case, we should not be tying the Federal Government’s hands to make sure that this mine gets developed, no matter what, instead of listening to the science. That is the wrong thing to do for any project like this, let alone one that sits right next to a unique and delicate wilderness like the Boundary Waters. This bill is a blatant attempt to reward an individual foreign company at the expense of the American people and the American landscape, and I urge my colleagues to reject this legislation. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ), the originator of this bill. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, today’s debate on H.R. 3905, Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act, also known as the MINER Act, is not just important to the great State of Minnesota. This legislation is critically important to the United States. The MINER Act will reverse the misguided, lastminute actions of the Obama administration to stop any exploration of one of the most valuable precious metal deposits in the world. The MINER Act will ensure that the people of Minnesota have the opportunity for jobs and economic prosperity that would come if the deposit can ever be mined in an environmentally safe and responsible manner. The MINER Act will renew the Federal Government’s commitment and promise to the citizens of Minnesota. When the Superior National Forest was created in 1909 and, later, when the Boundary Waters Canoe Area was established in 1978, there was an express agreement between the Federal Government and the State of Minnesota that mining and logging could continue in the Superior National Forest. In fact, according to the most recent Superior National Forest land use management plan, mining and logging are considered a desired condition in the forest. This is about more than just the 10,000plus jobs which are now at risk because of the lameduck actions of the Obama administration. This is about billions of dollars in revenue for Minnesota’s economy and billions more in potential education funding for Minnesota’s schools that are now on the line. This is about strategically important metals and minerals which are used by Americans every day. This is about undoing a lastditch effort to further a political agenda at the expense of the livelihoods that Minnesotans have relied on for generations. The MINER Act, again, is about protecting Minnesota’s right to explore and, if environmentally appropriate, mine valuable and important precious metals, precious metals that are not only necessary to our everyday technology, but which are critically important to our Nation’s national defense. There are some who would like to deny Minnesota the right to explore and potentially mine these precious metals. They argue that any mining activity could negatively impact our beloved Boundary Waters Canoe Area. This concern, however, ignores the fact that, if a mine is ever proposed, and to date there has been no mine proposed, if one is ever proposed in the Superior National Forest, it would have to satisfy all current local, State, and Federal environmental review and permitting requirements before it could ever be approved to proceed. We can and we will protect the Boundary Waters. I have no doubt that we can find a way to preserve Minnesota’s pristine landscape without permanently destroying any future job creation or economic development in Minnesota. By passing the MINER Act, we protect thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in revenue and education funding while leaving an extensive process intact to protect and preserve the environment and our State. In conclusion, I encourage all my colleagues to support the MINER Act because we know someday someone might find a way to mine these important precious metals in a safe and environmentally responsible way, and if that happens, Minnesota deserves the opportunity and the jobs and economic prosperity that will ensue. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 8 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to this destructive bill. This bill undermines bedrock environmental and public land management laws in order to create a perpetual lease for a foreignowned toxic mine. This mine will be on the doorstep of one of our country’s last truly wild places, the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. The Boundary Waters contains 1.1 million acres of unspoiled woodlands and more than 1,000 pristine lakes. The water wilderness is beloved by adventurers, canoers, sportsmen, and sportswomen from all across the United States and around the world. To safeguard this natural treasure, Congress has prohibited logging, mining, and even the use of most motorized vehicles on this Federal land. It has made the Boundary Waters a haven for birds and other wildlife and the most visited wilderness area in the United States of America. These visitors, over 250,000 annually, have helped the economy and created jobs in northern Minnesota, but the bill we are debating today puts this all at risk. It paves the way for a massive sulfideore copper mine just a few miles from the Boundary Waters Wilderness. Sulfideore mining is the most toxic industry in the United States. Sulfide mines pollute waterways with acid drainage, which contain arsenic, lead, and mercury. This type of mining is particularly risky in the vast, interconnected watershed that flows throughout the Boundary Waters into Voyageurs National Park and across the border into the Canadian provincial park. The supporters of H.R. 3905 claim that the bill still protects the Boundary Waters because the mines will be located outside the wilderness area. Mr. Speaker, this is simply not the case. Let me show you where the mining would take place here. This is the site of the proposed mine on the edge of the wilderness area. The river that you see flows through the Boundary Waters. The area contains popular Forest Service campgrounds and entry points to the wilderness. It is a base for scouting and veterans’ outdoor recreation trips. Some of the Superior National Forest’s most popular fishing lakes and hunting grounds are in this area. They are home to hundreds of people and businesses. If this bill passes, it will create an industrial wasteland. This bill poses an unacceptable risk of irreparable damage to a pristine wilderness. A 2012 study of American sulfideore mines found that all mines have leaked, and 92 percent of them had experienced failures that negatively affected the local water quality. Even stateoftheart sulfideore copper mines consistently pollute their surrounding environments. For example, in August 2014, a copper mine in British Columbia released a toxic slurry—10 billion liters of wastewater and 5 billion liters of tailings— that created a polluted dystopia of dead trees and contaminated salmon spawning areas. Because of the risks involved with these mines, the Forest Service has begun a 2year environmental review that will determine if the Boundary Waters is an appropriate place for dangerous sulfideore copper mining or if a 20year withdrawal of mining rights in the watershed is appropriate. This review is the process that Congress established, under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act, for considering mineral withdrawal. The review is supported by Minnesota’s Governor, tribal governments, and 79 percent of all Minnesotans. It also has been supported by both the current and the former administration. Just this morning, again, I spoke with the chief of the U.S. Forest Service and thanked him for the administration’s commitment to allow the study to go forward. But the bill we are considering today stops this established scientific review process from going forward. Instead, it creates a loophole for the benefit of a foreign mining interest. It automatically reinstates two expired and denied leasings dating back to 1966, before modern environmental laws like the Clean Water Act. It allows permanent mining leases on national forestland, our Nation’s public land, removing scientific safeguards, environmental considerations, and public input from the renewal process. It exempts Federal forests in Minnesota from the protections of the landmark Antiquities Act. It sets a dangerous precedent and will have consequences all across our country. There is simply no justification for Congress to rewrite the rules for our Federal forests in Minnesota, and that is exactly what this piece of legislation does. In short, this proposal is a giveaway of public resources to private interests. One of our Nation’s last wild places becomes collateral damage. Good people of both parties all across Minnesota and throughout this country know the importance of protecting this pristine wilderness, and that is why so many of them have submitted letters to Congress in opposition to H.R. 3905. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  these letters of opposition from Minnesota’s Governor, Mark Dayton; three Tribal nations: Fond du Lac, Grand Portage, and White Earth Bands of the Minnesota Chippewa; the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership, the National Wildlife Federation, and other sporting groups; the Girl Scouts of Minnesota and Wisconsin; Veterans for the Boundary Waters; and a coalition of dozens of national organizations that advocate for clean water and public lands and conservation. STATE OF MINNESOTA , OFFICE OF GOVERNOR MARKDAYTON , Saint Paul, MN, November 27, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN: I write in strong opposition to H.R. 3905, which I understand has passed out of Committee and is being reviewed by House Majority Leadership for a floor vote. I implore you not to schedule a vote on this bill without a full vetting of the serious risks to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness from adjacent coppernickel mining, the status of the twoyear federal study currently underway, and the wishes of the majority of Minnesotans, who oppose coppernickel mining in the immediate vicinity of the Boundary Waters. H.R. 3905 is a bill, ‘‘To require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of certain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes.’’ H.R. 3905 was introduced in response to the desires of a foreign mining company to use Congress to circumvent the deliberations of the U.S. Departments of Interior and Agriculture and their agencies, the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) and the U.S. Forest Service (USFS), to determine whether coppernickel mining can be conducted safely in this ecologically sensitive part of Minnesota. The Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BCWAW) is America’s most popular national Wilderness Area, drawing visitors from all over the world to Northeastern Minnesota to fish, hunt, and experience its interconnected pristine lakes, rivers and streams. Additionally, the BWCAW contributes enormously to Minnesota’s social and economic wellbeing. In January, 2017, the BLM and the USFS began a comprehensive twoyear study to determine whether coppernickel mining, with its toxic byproduct, sulfide ore, is appropriate within the watershed and immediate vicinity of the BWCA. Specifically, this environmental review will determine whether the Superior National Forest lands next to the BWCAW should be removed from the federal mining program to protect the Wilderness from pollution and other environmental degradation caused by the resulting sulfide ore. The study considers a wide variety of factors, including scientific evidence, public input, economic considerations, ecological characteristics, and recreational value, among others. I respectfully ask that you allow the completion of this important review process. Over 126,000 Americans have submitted public comments as part of it. Many attended three public meetings conducted earlier this year by the BLM and USFS. Moving H.R. 3905 forward at this time would disregard the input of all Americans, who have participated in the process, as well as the views of the 79 percent of Minnesotans, who favor the twoyear pause and environmental review of potential impacts to the BWCAW. The BWCAW is crucially important to our state, and I believe strongly that future federal and state decisions about its future should be made only after the most careful and objective scientific review. I urge you to reject the attempts by a foreign mining corporation to shortcircuit the review process underway, and to affirm the importance of a careful, objective analysis under the existing federal legal framework. Continuing this review process is the best way to allow for wellinformed federal and state decisions, which will affect many future generations of Americans. Industry should not dictate the stewardship of taxpayerowned public lands, nor use Congress 
to shortcircuit sound decisionmaking—especially regarding pristine Wilderness Areas like the BWCAW. Sincerely, MARKDAYTON , Governor. 
FOND DU LACBAND OF LAKESUPERIOR CHIPPEWA RESERVATION  BUSINESS COMMITTEE , Cloquet, MN, August 3, 2017. Re Subcommittee’s July 27, 2017 Hearing on Congressman Emmer’s Draft Bill Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, House Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. Hon. RAU´LGRIJALVA , Ranking Member, House Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. Hon. PAULGOSAR , Chairman, House Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, Washington, DC. Hon. ALANLOWENTHAL , Ranking Member, House Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMEN BISHOP AND GOSAR AND  RANKING MEMBERS GRIJALVA AND  LOWENTHAL : I write on behalf of the Fond du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa to express our profound concerns about, and strong objections to, the draft bill offered by Congressman Emmer that was the subject of the hearing on July 27 before the Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources. This draft bill would retroactively grant to a foreignowned mining company— one that has a history of environmental violations in its home country—a perpetual lease of federal mineral rights. It would further eliminate an ongoing administrative process that is essential to the proper evaluation of any future development of federal minerals within this exceptional part of the Superior National Forest lands. We urge you not to support this measure. The Fond du Lac Band is a federally recognized Indian tribe. We hold a Reservation just south of Superior National Forest which was established for us by Treaty with the United States on September 30, 1854, 10 Stat. 1109. The 1854 Treaty further reserved to us the rights to hunt, fish and gather on lands outside our Reservation. These lands extend into the Arrowhead region of Minnesota, and encompass the lands within much of Superior National Forest and the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW), including the lands that are affected by this draft bill. The BWCAW, the lands adjacent to it, as well as the lands beyond the BWCAW’s buffer zone and within the Superior National Forest, are pristine. This region—within the Rainy Lake Watershed—is a unique water based ecosystem with thousands of lakes and interconnected waterbodies. The quality of its waters is high and those waters provide critically important habitat for fish and wildlife, including moose and other unique natural resources like wild rice. The waters, wild rice, fish and game are especially important to the Chippewa. Such natural resources have sustained our people for centuries and are the foundation of our culture and religion. The natural resources in this region play an increasingly important role in our ability to feed our families and exercise our Treaty rights, because many of the waters southwest of this region are impaired (as designated by the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency) from mining pollutants which have, in turn, destroyed wild rice beds and led to fish consumption advisories. Although northeastern Minnesota has a long history of mining, the mining done to date in the State has been for iron and taconite. The proposals to develop sulfide ore mining, for copper, nickel and palladium, would be the first of their kind in Minnesota. The history of such mines elsewhere highlights the very serious environmental damage that they pose from acid mine drainage— risks that Minnesota has not yet had occasion to address or regulate. Those risks are especially acute in waterbased ecosystems like those in the BWCAW and the Rainy Lake watershed of Minnesota. And the proposed development of sulfide ore mines in lands immediately south of the BWCAW poses a serious and direct threat to the BWCAW for the very simple reason that the waters in that region flow north—towards the BWCAW. Because of the very substantial risks posed by sulfideore mining, Minnesota Governor Dayton made a decision in March 2016 not to permit the use of state lands for mining in this area, and subsequently the Secretaries of Interior and Agriculture made like decisions with regard to federal lands. In particular, these federal agencies declined to renew two leases of federal minerals which had been made a halfcentury ago to the predecessor of Twin Metals Mine, and its foreign owner, Antofagasta Minerals. One of these leases covers land that is directly adjacent to the BWCAW. The other is within three miles of the BWCAW. The federal decision was based on a determination that the leases posed an unacceptable risk to the waters and natural resources in the BWCAW. In connection with that decision, the Departments of Interior and Agriculture initiated a process to evaluate whether 234,328 acres of federal lands within this ecologically unique region should be withdrawn from mining. The federal review process is now underway and should be allowed to continue. Decisions on whether to allow sulfideore mining, especially in this unique waterbased ecosystem, need to take into account all of the impacts of the proposed project and should be based on objective science, economics and the social and related impacts of such development on the lives and livelihood of Minnesotans, including federallyprotected tribal Treaty rights. Such analysis should also be done before any decision is made to reinstate expired, or expiring, leases of federal minerals in this area. The need for such an analysis is illustrated by the expired leases for the Twin Metals Mine. The original leases, which had a 20year term, were made in 1966, well before enactment of laws that are essential to protecting the environment, such as the Clean Water Act. The original leases were also made before the federal courts confirmed the continued rights of the Chippewa to hunt, fish and gather in this region, and accordingly do not take into account the impact of the mineral leases on these treatyprotected rights. All such matters should be carefully considered, and the ongoing administrative review process is intended to do this and should be allowed to continue. The draft bill does not do this. Instead of allowing a process that would permit informed decisionmaking, the bill would eliminate the ongoing review process. The bill would further retroactively reinstate the Twin Metals’ expired leases, while rewriting the terms of those leases to convert them into ‘‘indeterminate’’ leases, while further limiting the federal government’s ability to impose conditions on these leases—giving to the company what appears to be essentially a perpetual right to the federal minerals on these lands. Further, the bill would do the same for all other unidentified leases that may now exist on National Forest Service lands within Minnesota, as well as any future such leases. The kind of mining that Twin Metals and Antofagasta propose to develop is dangerous and poses a direct and substantial threat to what has long been recognized as an exceptional and extraordinary wilderness. Those threats should be carefully assessed through the ongoing administrative review process. Congress should not enact laws that preclude informed decisionmaking or which blindly rewrite leases, but should allow the federal agencies which have been delegated responsibility for addressing the terms and conditions on which federal lands may be leased, to continue to exercise that authority under existing law. Finally, to the extent that Twin Metals Mine contends that the federal government’s decision not to renew its leases is wrong, it has already chosen to raise those claims in federal court, where they are pending. We urge Congress not to proceed with this draft bill. Sincerely, KEVIN R. D UPUIS , Sr., Chairman. 
GRAND PORTAGE RESERVATION  TRIBAL COUNCIL , Grand Portage, MN, April 29, 2016. Hon. TOMVILSACK , Secretary of Agriculture, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Washington, DC. Hon. CHRISTINA GOLDFUSS , Director, Council on Environmental Quality, Washington, DC. Hon. SALLY JEWELL , Secretary of the Interior, U.S. Department of the Interior, Washington, DC. DEAR SECRETARY VILSACK , S ECRETARY  JEWELL , ANDDIRECTOR GOLDFUSS : The Grand Portage Band (‘‘the Band’’) is a federally recognized Indian tribe, as one of the member bands of the Minnesota Chippewa Tribe (‘‘MCT’’). The Band, along with two other MCT Bands, Fond du Lac and Bois Forte, retain hunting, fishing, and other usufructuary rights that extend throughout the entire northeast portion of the state of Minnesota under the 1854 Treaty of LaPointe (the ‘‘Ceded Territory’’). In the Ceded Territory, all the Bands have a legal interest in protecting natural resources and all federal agencies share in the federal government’s trust responsibility to the Bands to maintain those treaty resources. The Band is concerned with the prospect of a series of sulfideore mines being developed in the headwaters of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area (‘‘BWCA’’) watershed. The BWCA watershed is located on the Minnesota/Ontario border and is entirely within the 1854 Ceded Territory. The BWCA watershed is comprised of a vast area of pristine interconnected waterways that have been used by the Chippewa for centuries. Low buffering capacity of water and soil and the interconnection of lakes and streams, make the BWCA watershed particularly vulnerable to the impacts of mining. Sulfideore mines are proposed to be built in the BWCA watershed, immediately adjacent to the BWCA and upstream from it. These mines would threaten to pollute pristine water and damage the important forest habitat used by many types of wildlife. Sulfideore mining has a consistent record of devastating environmental harm, including contaminating waters, degrading forests, and predicted, catastrophic spills of toxic materials. There are inherent risks to sulfideore mining, and it makes no sense to place what the Environmental Protection Agency calls the nation’s most toxic industry in the BWCA watershed and within the Ceded Territory upon which the Band relies. Therefore, the Band is requesting that the Department of interior and Department of Agriculture take steps to permanently protect the Boundary Waters watershed front 
sulfideore mining. Specifically, we urge you to: 1. Ensure that no leasing of federal minerals occurs within the BWCA watershed by denying applications for new federal mineral leases and federal mineral lease renewals. 2. Withdraw the federally owned minerals within the BWCA watershed from the federal mineral leasing program. 3. Take any additional measures necessary to protect the BWCA watershed from the threat of sulfideore mining. We urge you to ensure that the full extent of the risks posed by largescale sulfideore mining in the BWCA headwaters are thoroughly considered in order to determine the best course for the future of the watershed and the tribal communities who rely on its clean water and intact forested habitats to exercise usufructuary rights. Sincerely, NORMAN W. D ESCHAMPE , Chairman. 
WHITE EARTH RESERVATION  TRIBAL COUNCIL , White Earth, MN, May 23, 2016. Hon. TOMVILSACK , Secretary of Agriculture, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Washington, DC. Hon. CHRISTINA GOLDFUSS , Director, Council on Environmental Quality, Washington, DC. Hon. SALLY JEWELL , Secretary of the Interior, U.S. Department of the Interior, Washington, DC. DEAR SECRETARY VILSACK , S ECRETARY  JEWELL , ANDDIRECTOR GOLDFUSS : The Grand Portage Band (‘‘the Band’’) is a federally recognized Indian tribe, as one of the member bands of the Minnesota Chippewa Tribe (‘‘MCT’’). The Band, along with two other MCT Bands, Fond duLac and Bois Forte, retain hunting, fishing, and other usufructuary rights that extend throughout the entire northeast portion of the state of Minnesota under the 1854 Treaty of LaPointe. In the Ceded Territory, all the Bands have a legal interest in protecting natural resources and all federal agencies share in the federal government’s trust responsibility to the Bands to maintain those treaty resources. The Band is concerned with the prospect of a series of sulfideore mines being developed in the headwaters of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area (‘‘BWCA’’) watershed. The BWCA watershed is located on the Minnesota/Ontario border and is entirely within the 1854 Ceded Territory. The BWCA watershed is comprised of a vast area of pristine interconnected waterways that have been used by the Chippewa for centuries. Low buffering capacity of water and soil and the interconnection of lakes and streams, make the BWCA watershed particularly vulnerable to the impacts of mining. Sulfideore mines are proposed to be built in the BWCA watershed, immediately adjacent to the BWCA and upstream from it. These mines would threaten to pollute pristine water and damage the important forest habitat used by many types of wildlife. Sulfideore mining has a consistent record of devastating environmental harm, including contaminating waters, degrading forests, and unpredicted, catastrophic spills of toxic materials. There are inherent risks to sulfideore mining. and it makes no sense to place what the Environmental Protection Agency calls the nation’s most toxic industry in the BWCA watershed and within the Ceded Territory upon which the Band relies. Therefore, White Earth is requesting that the Department of Interior and Department of Agriculture take steps to permanently protect the Boundary Waters watershed from sulfideore mining. Specifically, we urge you to: 1. Ensure that no leasing of federal minerals occurs within the BWCA watershed by denying applications for new federal mineral leases and federal mineral lease renewals. 2. Withdraw the federally owned minerals within the BWCA watershed from the federal mineral leasing program. 3. Take any additional measures necessary to protect the BWCA watershed from the threat of sulfideore mining. We urge you to ensure that the full extent of the risks posed by largescale sulfideore mining in the BWCA headwaters are thoroughly considered in order to determine the best course for the future of the watershed and the tribal communities who rely on its clean water and intact forested habitats to exercise usufructuary rights. Sincerely, STEVEN ‘‘PUNKY ’’ CLARK , ViceChairman. 
SPORTSMEN FOR THE  BOUNDARY WATERS , Ely, MN, November 28, 2017. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members and supporters, we urge you to OPPOSE H.R. 3905, the socalled ‘‘Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act’’ when it is considered on the House floor. Simply put, H.R. 3905 is a bill to allow sulfideore mining at the edge of the Boundary Water Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW), directly threatening one of America’s most accessible and mostvisited wilderness areas. At 1.1 million acres in size, the BWCAW is the largest wilderness east of the Rockies and north of the Everglades. This interconnected system of lakes, rivers, and streams provides unparalleled opportunities for solitude, recreation, hunting and fishing. The connections between Northern Minnesota’s national forests, Boundary Water Canoe Area Wilderness, Voyageurs National Park, and Quetico Provincial Park makes this entire trans boundary area extremely susceptible to the threat of pollution from sulfideore mining, one of the most toxic industries in America, according to the EPA. H.R. 3905 would require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota and would provide for the perpetual renewal of federal mineral leases in Minnesota, including two that were denied by the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management. The bill undermines the Antiquities Act, National Environmental Policy Act, Federal Land Policy and Management Act, Boundary Waters Wilderness Act, and other laws regulating mineral leasing in Minnesota’s national forests. Contrary to the bill’s title, H.R. 3905 would do more harm than good for the economy of Northern Minnesota. Economic analysis by KeyLog Economics LLC shows that sulfide ore mining on Superior National Forest lands in the watershed of the Boundary Waters could lead to the loss of nearly 5,000 jobs in tourism, 5,000 to 22,000 jobs in the rest of the economy, a $1.6 billion loss in annual income, and a $500 million reduction in private property values. Specifically, we urge opposition to this bill because it would: Renew two expired and undeveloped mineral leases on Superior National Forest lands next to the Boundary Waters and along lakes and rivers that flow directly into the Wilderness, advancing a foreign mining company’s interests at the expense of beloved American public lands. Void the December 2016 record of decision by the Forest Service withholding its consent to two mineral lease renewal requests in the Superior National Forest due to the unacceptable risks to this watershed, which according to the Forest Service holds 20 percent of the National Forest System’s fresh water supply. Undermine the National Environmental Policy Act by limiting review of these two mineral leases to a 30day environmental assessment. Contrary to the bill language, there is no ‘pending EA.’ However, this section would override the ongoing twoyear Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) initiated by the Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management to carefully consider the potential impacts of sulfideore mining on the Boundary Waters watershed. The ongoing EIS is strongly supported by Minnesota’s Governor Dayton and by the citizens of Minnesota. More than 79% of Minnesota voters support the study, while more than 126,000 citizens submitted comments during the scoping phase. Amend the 1906 Antiquities Act by mandating Congressional approval for any national monument designations in Minnesota’s national forests. The Antiquities Act is a bipartisan conservation law, which has been used by Presidents of both parties, to protect irreplaceable federal lands from potential threats. Monument designation under the Antiquities Act have provided protections for areas including the Grand Canyon, Acadia, Zion, Muir Woods, and Olympic National Parks. Quite simply, this attack on the Antiquities Act is an attack against our national parks and monuments. Amend the 1976 Federal Land Policy and Management Act (FLPMA) by mandating Congressional approval for mineral withdrawals in Minnesota’s national forests. Additionally, FLPMA intentionally left intact the presidential power to protect public lands as monuments. Bar the Forest Service from complying with its legal obligations under the 1978 Boundary Waters Wilderness Act. In this Act Congress requires the Forest Service to maintain the highwater quality of the Boundary Waters and a Mining Protection Area within the Superior National Forest. The Forest Service concluded that sulfide ore mining near the Boundary Waters would be ‘‘contrary to Congress’ determination that it is necessary to ‘protect the special qualities of the [BWCAW] as a natural forest lakeland wilderness ecosystem of major esthetic, scientific, recreational and educational value to the Nation.’’’ Make all mineral leases on Minnesota’s national forests essentially perpetual. The ‘perpetual’ nature of these leases is material change in longstanding mineral leasing law and policy. The bill would also override the two laws (1946 and 1950) on mineral leasing in Minnesota’s national forests that require Forest Service consent to any mining. Ignore the request of the International Joint Commission that environmental review of impacts on trans boundary water quality and cumulative effects be studied and the requests of four tribal entities (the area is Ceded Territory). Thank you for considering our concerns. In order to adequately protect iconic places like the Boundary Waters, Voyageurs National Park, and all of Minnesota’s public lands, and bedrock environmental laws like the Antiquities Act and the National Environmental Policy Act, we urge you to OPPOSE H.R. 3905. Sincerely, BACKCOUNTRY HUNTERS & ANGLERS . NATIONAL WILDLIFE  FEDERATION . THEODORE ROOSEVELT  CONSERVATION  PARTNERSHIP . FLYFISHERS  
INTERNATIONAL . MINNESOTA DIVISION , IZAAK  WALTON LEAGUE OF  AMERICA . AMERICAN FLYFISHING  TRADE ASSOCIATION . POPE AND YOUNG CLUB. KEEPITPUBLIC .ORG. 
GIRL SCOUTS OF MINNESOTA AND  WISCONSIN LAKES AND PINES, November 26, 2017. DEARMEMBER OF CONGRESS , I am writing to request you vote no on H.R. 3905, which is a bill that would stop a 2year Forest Service study of environmental, economic, and social risks to the Boundary Waters from sulfideore copper mining on Superior National Forest lands in the headwaters of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area. For over fifty years, Northern Lakes Canoe Base has offered wilderness canoe trips in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW). I guided Girl Scout canoe trips for five years and have directed our wilderness program for 7 years and am writing this letter to describe the strengths of this program to you and to underscore the fact that this oneofakind program cannot exist anywhere other than the Boundary Waters. Girls who come on our canoe trips may have had basic camping and canoeing experiences, but few have experience in wilderness travel. We typically serve 150–200 girls a summer. In general, girls travel in wilderness areas less than boys. Even in 2017, girls are taught to think that the outdoors is no place for a girl because it is hard work, dirty, and going to the mall is just much easier. We teach teenage girls, in a girlonly environment, that their individual strength and the power of teamwork is far greater than they ever imagined. They also learn that hard work and dirt is part of the fun on a Boundary Waters canoe trip, and they leave with an appreciation for the beauty of wilderness and an understanding of the challenges they now know they can overcome. Girl Scout wilderness canoe trips bring out the best in teenage girls; we see how creative, hardworking, and kind they can be to each other. It doesn’t take much imagination to believe that these traits will follow them back to their everyday life. We are a high quality, affordable program and pride ourselves on our thriftiness. We use our canoes for 20+ seasons and packs and paddles summer after summer. We do this so we can serve girls from all economic backgrounds, including local iron range and Native American communities. For years we have received feedback from participants crediting their Boundary Waters experience for continued, lifelong growth. Our program cannot exist somewhere other than the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. No other place on earth offers the perfect combination of accessibility and high adventure that the BWCAW offers. Many of our participants drive to Ely from Chicago, Milwaukee, and Minneapolis. Many others fly to Minneapolis and then rent a car to get to Ely. Unlike many other wilderness areas which may be high on a mountain range or only accessible by highclearance vehicles, it is easy for a mom or dad to drive a van full of girls to the Boundary Waters, send them on a trip, and then pick them up a week later. The Boundary Waters is also unique in that, unlike many other wilderness areas, visitors don’t require any previous experience or training to have a safe, adventurous trip. Anyone seeking adventure and challenge belongs on a canoe trip, not just body builders and endurance athletes. We have even seen that a Girl Scout canoe trip sometimes inspires girls who may be uninterested in athletics or leadership to seek out their own creative ways to be active and healthy, leading to improved confidence and greater aspirations. Again, it doesn’t take much imagination to conclude that girls who experience wilderness travel will go on to make the world a better place. Girl Scouts canoe trip participants always remark that the solitude they find in the Boundary Waters is unlike any they have found elsewhere, whether at their own Girl Scout resident camp or a state or national park. The quiet environment of a protected wilderness area gives them an opportunity to reflect on their life in a way that they could not in a nonwilderness setting. Girl Scouts end their canoe trip with a swagger to their step, ready to take on any challenge that comes their way. Thank you for doing your part to preserve the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness by voting no on H.R. 3905. It means a lot to all of us in Ely whose programs and businesses are focused around wilderness travel. Sincerely, ANNMCNALLY , Northern Lakes Canoe Base Summer Program Director/Guide. 
NOVEMBER 28, 2017. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : Representative Tom Emmer’s bill, H.R. 3905, is a dangerous piece of legislation that endangers the public land we as veterans fought to protect. This bill would allow a foreign mining conglomerate, Antofagasta, to build dangerous coppernickel mines in the headwaters of America’s most visited Wilderness Area, the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness in Northeastern Minnesota. On behalf of Veterans for the Boundary Waters, I urge you to vote no on H.R. 3905. The Boundary Waters is a place of healing for many veterans suffering from trauma or having difficulty readjusting to life at home. The peace found in this Wilderness is priceless, and if destroyed, we will be robbing future veterans of their chance to heal. One specific camp, Voyageur Outward Bound School (VOBS), provides vetsonly trips to help veterans readjust to life at home through Wilderness experiences. This program has been incredibly successful. Unfortunately, VOBS is located on the same lake as the proposed mines and, if passed, H.R. 3905 would cause this camp to shut down, eliminating hundreds of American jobs by moving to Canada, and eliminating and the opportunity for veterans to take advantage of these incredibly beneficial programs. If passed, H.R. 3905 would have severe negative consequences for veterans in Minnesota and across the country. The Boundary Waters and Voyageurs National Park are public lands that are meant to be protected for veterans and their families to enjoy. H.R. 3905 would endanger these public lands and prohibit future generations of veterans from experiencing these national treasures. We have an obligation to honor our nation’s veterans by protecting the same public lands they fought for. Again, please VOTE NO on H.R. 3905. Sincerely, Erik Packard, Staff Sergeant U.S. Army and Army Reserve 1996–2004, 2006–2013; Joe Banavige, US Army Officer, Desert Storm 1st Armored Division; Craig Shaver, US Marine Corps Infantry, Operation Enduring Freedom; Sergio Manacero, 1st Combat Engineer Batallion, 1st Marine Division. 
NOVEMBER 6, 2017. Re: H.R. 3905. Member of the U.S. House Natural Resources Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMEMBER OF THE U.S. H OUSE NATURAL  RESOURCES COMMITTEE : The undersigned coalitions, organizations, and businesses represent approximately 18 million sportsmen and sportswomen, 282 businesses, and the broad spectrum of users of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness from across America. We stand united in strong opposition to H.R. 3905. H.R. 3905 would require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota and would provide for the renewal of two federal mineral leases that were denied by the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management. Specifically, the bill would: Renew two mineral leases on Superior National Forest lands next to the Boundary Waters and along lakes and rivers that flow directly into the Wilderness. The nowexpired mineral leases have never been developed into a mine. Void the 18–page record of decision by the Forest Service withholding its consent to two mineral lease renewal requests. Peerreviewed science documents that sulfideore copper mining on these lease areas would pollute the Boundary Waters. An overwhelming majority of the public supports this decision and by more than two to one, opposes copper mining near the Boundary Waters (2017 Fabrizio Ward poll). Undermine the National Environmental Policy Act by limiting review of these two mineral leases to a 30–day environmental assessment. Contrary to the bill language, there is no ‘pending EA.’ The expired mineral leases have never undergone environmental review. Scientific evidence documents the potential for negative environmental harm to a national wilderness area (Boundary Waters) and a national park (Voyageurs National Park) if mining were allowed on these lease areas, and NEPA requires unrestricted environmental review. Make all mineral leases on Minnesota’s national forests essentially perpetual. The ‘perpetual’ nature of these leases is material change in longstanding mineral leasing law and policy. Override the two laws (1946 and 1950) on mineral leasing in Minnesota’s national forests that require Forest Service consent to any mining. Amend the 1906 Antiquities Act by mandating Congressional approval for any national monument designations in Minnesota’s national forests. Amend the 1976 Federal Land Policy and Management Act by mandating Congressional approval for mineral withdrawals in Minnesota’s national forests Bar the Forest Service from complying with its legal obligations under the 1978 Boundary Waters Wilderness Act. Ignore the request of the International Joint Commission that environmental review of impacts on transboundary water quality and cumulative effects be studied and the requests of four tribal entities (the area is Ceded Territory). The Boundary Waters is the mostaccessible and mostvisited Wilderness area in the nation. It draws 155,000 visitors every year and provides unparalleled backcountry opportunities. At 1.1 million acres in size, it is the largest Wilderness east of the Rockies and north of the Everglades. The vast network of lakes, rivers, and streams that gives the Boundary Waters its name is the basis of our strong canoe culture. The Boundary Waters includes 1,200 miles of canoe and kayak routes and 2,000 designated campsites, and is home to some of the finest backcountry angling and hunting in the nation. Sportsmen and women ply the clean waters and healthy forests of the Wilderness in pursuit of walleye, bass, pike, trout, bear, deer, grouse, and wild rice. 
The scientific evidence of harm to the Boundary Waters from sulfideore copper mining in the watershed is strong. Hydrologists say that pollution is inevitable—it is not ‘if’ but ‘when.’ Hardrock mining is the most toxic industry in America, according to the EPA. The acid mine drainage associated with this type of mining harms water, aquatic and terrestrial species, forests, and soils, and poses a serious risk to human health. Scientific and economic studies show that sulfideore copper mining along lakes and streams that flow directly into the Boundary Waters puts at risk not only our premiere fishing, hunting, and recreation on Superior National Forest lands, but also the strong, stable economy of Northeastern Minnesota. Economic analysis by KeyLog Economics LLC shows that sulfideore copper mining on Superior National Forest lands in the watershed of the Boundary Waters could lead to the loss of nearly 5,000 jobs in tourism, 5,000 to 22,000 jobs in the rest of the economy, a $1.6 billion loss in annual income, and a $500 million reduction in private property values. H.R. 3905, an illadvised effort to advance a foreign mining company’s interests at the expense of beloved public lands, would gut longstanding and powerful national conservation laws and undermine recent decisions by the Department of Interior and Department of Agriculture to take a twoyear pause in miningrelated activity to analyze the risks of sulfideore copper mining in the watershed of the Boundary Waters. Agriculture Secretary Perdue and Interior Secretary Zinke support the ongoing Forest Service twoyear study. H.R. 3905 would remove authority for them and their agencies to make appropriate and reasonable decisions to manage the Superior National Forest and the Boundary Waters. The ongoing twoyear Forest Service study was initiated by the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management after careful consideration of the potential impacts of sulfideore copper mining in the Boundary Waters watershed. It is strongly supported by Minnesota’s Governor Dayton and by the citizens of Minnesota. More than 79% of Minnesota voters support the study. More than 126,000 citizens submitted comments during the scoping phase and more than 3,000 people participated in three Forest Service listening sessions and, by a margin of nearly two toone, testified in support of protecting the Boundary Waters. Sincerely, Sportsmen for the Boundary Waters, By Jason Zabokrtsky, Chair, Representing 15 hunting and fishing organizations; Boundary Waters Business Coalition, By Steve Piragis, Chair, Representing 282 businesses from Minnesota and throughout America; Campaign to Save the Boundary Waters; By Becky Rom, Chair; Representing 26 conservation organizations; Veterans for the Boundary Waters; By Erik Packard, Chair, Representing military veterans; Girl Scouts and Boy Scouts for the Boundary Waters, By Ann McNally, Chair. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join them and to join me in opposing this bill, and I thank the gentleman from California for the time. b1545 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, as a Californian who lives in a very rural part of the State that is economically in huge pain, when I see an opportunity for people in rural America to prosper, to do well, I see, in H.R. 3905, again, this opportunity for the people in Minnesota. The MINER Act, introduced by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ), will put it on the right track toward being able to extract the minerals that are needed for production of taking raw materials and making them into finished products here in the United States. This bill addresses a 230,000acre mineral withdrawal from Superior National Forest in Minnesota, which, really, it is about jobs and economic growth, while also maintaining clear standards for all projects across the Nation. Indeed, this is a very narrow bill. It explores the possibilities, which is only a small step. Indeed, if mining was to occur, there is a litany of permits, years of process required to take that following step. Indeed, the arbitrary decision, the day before President Obama left office, halted a $400 million project, jeopardized 17,000 American jobs, cut $3 billion from K–12 schools, and slashed $2.5 billion annually from local governments and the State. These types of effects I feel in my own district where our industries have been taken away. Any time there is a proposal to do anything like that, whether it is timber harvest, mining, or whatever, you then hear about how the whole zone is pristine and unique, never been touched. These operations can happen environmentally correctly, environmentally soundly, and that is the standard for which we have in this country, is that we will do things correctly now, and we will put them back when we are done. Though a 20year moratorium was imposed on the area, similar plans for mining have previously been approved by Congress twice. Mining operations across the country already commit to a strict environmental review process to ensure the public safety and the protection of natural resources, as we all expect. You mine an area under the strict guidelines, and you reclaim it. In most cases, mining companies must also put up bonds to pay for cleanup, sometimes for billions of dollars before a single shovel is ever turned. In this case, we are talking about exploration of the area to see what the potential is. This bill does not overturn existing Federal, State, or local environmental reviews. Instead, it ensures all projects are held to clear, consistent requirements, not arbitrary political decisions. Allowing politicians to prohibit one project or another, based solely on a whim, goes against American ideals of fairness and equal opportunity. These minerals are essential to our economy. To those claiming that mining will damage the environment, I would ask you this: Where would you prefer that these minerals come from? Do you want the mining to occur here in America, under these kinds of strict guidelines, bring American jobs to the front; or do we want to do it elsewhere in the world, places like China and others that have little respect for the environmental process or review or operations that are sustainable? I think we should have it here. Where would you have us get our minerals? Where would you have us get the rare earth materials that are needed for production of new technologies? H.R. 3905 protects Minnesota’s economy, schools, and State budget; it protects the rule of law; and it protects the domestic access to these important materials and minerals we need to have our economy get stronger—a very narrow scope; it is sound legislation and sound policy. Mr. Speaker, I urge swift passage of this important legislation. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ). Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to speak in opposition to this legislation, and here is why: it threatens Minnesota’s Boundary Waters Canoe Area; it stops the scientific environmental review that is going on right now; it weakens the Antiquities Act; and it singles out Minnesota’s national forests as not being allowed the same environmental protections that national forests in every other State receive. Now, northern Minnesota has a rich history of taconite mining. But the mine that is being proposed on the doorstep of the Boundary Waters, America’s mostvisited wilderness, is a massive coppersulfide mine, something we have no history of in Minnesota. It would threaten some of the cleanest and most pristine water and lakes in the country. Today, there is a 2year review going on of the mining leases to analyze the risks of coppersulfide mining in the watershed of the Boundary Waters. It is based on science. It is supported by Secretary Perdue. It is supported by Secretary Zinke. And I should note that Secretary Zinke is supporting a similar review of a proposed mine in Montana that borders Yellowstone National Park. But this bill halts that scientific review and automatically grants the leases for the mine. If this becomes law, Minnesota’s land and water would be singled out as not worthy of the exact same environmental review and protections that exist in every other State in the country. It carves out a special exemption for Minnesota from the Antiquities Act, which has been used on a bipartisan basis by 16 Presidents as a conservation tool to protect America’s history for future generations. And why should the land and history in Minnesota be less worthy of protection? There are the public comments from more than 100,000 people, Mr. Speaker, that would be tossed aside. Mr. Speaker, the Boundary Waters is Minnesota’s Yellowstone. Hundreds of thousands of people canoe and fish 
there annually every year. It is a national treasure. Some of the best memories of my life have taken place in the Boundary Waters as I grew up or, now, with my daughters. We owe it to future generations to understand the impact that coppersulfide mining poses to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area; and that is why I am voting ‘‘no’’ on a bill that undermines science and puts Minnesota’s water at risk. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ), my friend and colleague, for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3905, the Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act, or the MINER Act. This act does not remove or reduce the permitting requirements should a future project ultimately be developed in the Superior National Forest. But nearly a year after President Obama’s departure from the White House, I stand before this body to speak in favor of a bill that would rectify an injustice placed upon Minnesotans by the previous administration. As we have heard throughout this debate, on President Obama’s last day in office, the previous administration pulled such a politically motivated stunt that appears more as a thumbin theeye of hardworking Minnesotans than sound policy. Without a second thought, and one stroke of his pen, President Obama proposed withdrawing over 200,000 acres from future mineral exploration while, simultaneously, rejecting a renewal application for a hard rock mining operation that had been renewed in 1989 and 2004, without controversy. This decision endangered thousands of jobs. These are goodpaying jobs that are significantly higher than the median average wage in Minnesota and the United States. Additionally, that decision could devastate the State’s permanent school trust fund that will support nearly 900,000 K–12 students statewide if the withdrawal application and canceled leases are not rejected. At a time when it is vital that our teachers and students are given the resources they require, it would be foolish to allow this to take place. Some may ask why a Member from Arkansas would care about this decision. It is close to 1,000 miles away from my district to the Superior National Forest. The answer though is twofold, and it is simple. The first, it restores Federal land management oversight back to where it belongs, the United States Congress. H.R. 3905 will prevent executive order overreach by requiring congressional approval of all mineral or monument withdrawals within National Forest System lands in Minnesota and reverses the unwarranted action taken under the Obama administration to unilaterally block responsible mineral development in the Superior National Forest. Secondly, as someone who represents communities, counties, and schools that depend on the safe, responsible harvest and mining of our natural resources, I understand the real devastation that will take place, not only in Minnesota, but possibly in my district and other areas across the country if H.R. 3905 is not passed. Mr. Speaker, for the protection of our constitutional system of checks and balances, and preservation of rural economies, I believe that it is vital that we pass this piece of legislation. I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 3905. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from 53 bipartisan Minnesota State legislators, a letter from Jobs for Minnesotans, and a letter from the Minnesota Pipe Trades Association. 
NOVEMBER 27, 2017. Congressman TOMEMMER , Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN EMMER : As elected leaders of the Minnesota Legislature, we are writing in strong support of H.R. 3905. This legislation supports jobs, economic development and industry in Northeast Minnesota, and will reverse an onerous, overreaching and politicallymotivated decision by the Obama Administration that withdrew nearly 240,000 acres of federal lands and minerals from potential development. H.R. 3905 will halt these lastminute land withdrawals, reinstate leases affected by that decision including the Twin Metals’ lease, and require congressional approval for any future withdrawal actions. The decision by the Obama Administration last January put jobs and nearly $2.5 billion of our state’s economy at risk. Furthermore, it risked the depression of the precious metals, technology, infrastructure and manufacturing industries in our state, and the economic wellbeing of Northeast Minnesota—a region where mining has been an economic anchor since the late nineteenth century. And that’s not to mention the estimated four billion ton deposit of copper, nickel, and other strategic minerals located within the Duluth Complex which could generate as much as $3 billion in royalty revenues for the state’s Permanent School Trust Fund— resources that would support education for nearly 900,000 K–12 students across the state. H.R. 3905 also reaffirms our shared commitment to the protection of our environment and support of a thorough and proper environmental review process for the mineral leases, as well as upholds our state’s commitment to restricting mineral development in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness and Mine Protection Area. The expansion of the precious metals mining industry offers generations of Minnesotans thousands of goodpaying jobs, billions of dollars in investment in industry, and billions of dollars in revenue for Minnesota schools. Moreover, it provides an incredible opportunity to further establish our nation’s economic and energy independence from foreign nations. The decision to remove vast amounts of federal land from potential development and blocking the Twin Metals’ federal mineral lease renewal was short sighted and damaging. H.R. 3905 has our bipartisan support, and it is our sincere hope that it will become law for the wellbeing of our state and its citizens. Sincerely, Rep. Kurt Daudt, Speaker of the House; Rep. Joyce Peppin, Majority Leader Leader; Rep. Dan Fabian, Environment Committee Chair, House District 1A; Sen. Bill Ingebrigtesen, Environment Committee Chair, Senate District 8; Rep. Pat Garofalo, Jobs and Energy Committee Chair, House District 58B; Sen. Jerry Newton, Senate District 37, Legislative School Trust Commission; Rep. Julie Sandstede, House District 6A, Legislative School Trust Commission; Sen. Paul Gazelka, Majority Leader; Sen. Tom Bakk, Senate District 3; Rep. Chris Swedzinski, Mining and Outdoor Recreation Chair, House District 16A; Sen. David Tomassoni, Environment Committee Ranking Member, Senate District 6; Rep. Rob Ecklund, Assistant Minority Leader, House District 3A; Rep. Sandy Layman, House District 5B, Legislative School Trust Commission; Rep. Dale Lueck, House District 10B, Legislative School Trust Commission; Sen. John Hoffman, Senate District 36, Legislative School Trust Commission. Rep. Brian Daniels, House District 24B; Rep. Brian Johnson, House District 32A; Rep. Rod Hamilton, House District 22B; Rep. Sondra Erickson, House District 15A; Rep. Bob Gunther, House District; Rep. Steve Drazkowski, House District 21B; Sen. Justin Eichorn, Senate District 5, Legislative School Trust Commission; Rep. Jim Nash, House District 47A; Rep. Jason Rarick, House District 11B; Rep. Mary Franson, House District 8B; Rep. Jon Koznick, House District 58A; Rep. Paul Torkelson, House District 16B; Rep. Tony Albright, House District 55B; Rep. Bob Dettmer, House District 39A; Rep. Josh Heintzeman, House District 10A; Rep. Kathy Lohmer, House District 39B; Rep. Linda Runbeck, House District 38A; Rep. Bob Loonan, House District 55A; Rep. Glenn Gruenhagen, House District 18B; Rep. John Poston, House District 9A; Rep. Cal Bahr, House District 31B. Rep. Cindy Pugh, House District 33B; Rep. Roz Peterson, House District 56B; Rep. Barb Haley, House District 21A; Rep. Deb Kiel, House District 1B; Rep. Matt Dean, House District 38B; Rep. Dean Urdahl, House District 18A; Rep. Tama Theis, House District 14A; Rep. Steve Green, House District 2B; Rep. Matt Bliss, House District; Rep. Mike Sundin, House District 11A; Rep. Dave Baker, House District 17B; Sen. Mary Kiffmeyer, Senate District 30; Sen. Jerry Relph, Senate District 14; Rep. Tim Miller, House District 17A; Rep. Mary Kunesh Podein, House District 41B, Legislative School Trust Commission; Sen. Mark Johnson, Senate District 1; Sen. Paul Utke 2, Senate District. 
JOBS FOR MINNESOTANS , Nov. 22, 2017. Re In Support of MINER Act. Hon. ERIKPAULSEN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN PAULSEN : I’m writing on behalf of legislation described below but wanted to let you know I had submitted a request to meet in person, as I plan to be in Washington the week after Thanksgiving. I hope you have time to meet with me. Thank you for considering. On behalf of the coalition Jobs for Minnesotans, which represents business, labor and communities across the state, I am writing in strong support of H.R. 3905, the Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act, known as the MINER Act. This bipartisan legislation sponsored by Congressman Tom Emmer (MN–6th) and co sponsored by Congressmen Collin Peterson (MN–7th), Jason Lewis (MN–2nd) and Paul Gosar (AZ–4th) seeks to ensure the proper consideration of future job growth and economic opportunity in northeastern Minnesota by requiring congressional approval 
of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the National Forest System lands in the state. It also provides for the renewal of certain mineral leases and ensuring that future leases in northeastern Minnesota remain valid and renewed as outlined by current law. H.R. 3905 is currently before the House Rules Committee and is expected to reach the House floor in coming weeks. H.R. 3905 leaves intact existing environmental review processes and standards and restates Congress’ prohibition of any mining activity in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW) and surrounding protective buffer. As such, it reaffirms long standing Congressional intent in management and development of critical minerals in Minnesota and cuts bureaucratic delays in assessing responsible mine project proposals. Unfortunately, federal agency actions in December 2016 jeopardized the economic future of the region by canceling valid, long standing federal mineral leases and withdrawing 235,000 acres of federal land in the region from future mining development. This was contrary to the previous directives by Congress in 1950 and again in 1978. In 1950 Congress made land available for mineral exploration and development within the Superior National Forest (SNF) within the Iron Range region. In 1978, while Congress prohibited mining within the BWCAW and an adjacent protective buffer zone, it also reaffirmed that mining should be allowed and promoted in the remaining area of the SNF. The agency actions in 2016 would block the potential creation of thousands of jobs, billions of dollars in economic growth, and billions more in revenues for Minnesota’s public schools through mineral development on state school trust lands. H.R. 3905 aims to correct these injustices, which is why we strongly urge you to cast your vote in support of it. Thank you very much. Sincerely, NANCY NORR, Board Chair, Jobs for Minnesotans. 
MINNESOTA PIPE TRADES ASSOCIATION , November 28, 2017. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of more than 9500 men and women working in various piping related industries throughout the state of Minnesota, I am writing to express our support of H.R. 3905, Minnesota’s Economic Rights (MINER) in the Superior National Forest Act. On January 5, 2017, the previous administration proposed a 234, 328acre federal mineral withdrawal of National Forest System lands, for a 20year term, within the Rainy River Watershed in the Superior National Forest. The action immediately placed this area off limits to development for up to two years while the withdrawal is considered. The total withdrawal application boundary spans 425,000 acres, including 95,000 acres of state school trust fund lands. With this policy in place, Minnesotans lost their mineral rights. Unable to utilize these natural resources, 17,000 jobs are at risk and roughly $2.5 billion of economic activity is jeopardized. Many members of the Minnesota Pipe Trades Association are depending on these jobs. The Minnesota Pipe Trades Association (MPTA) fully supports the thorough regulatory process in place in the State of Minnesota. It is our belief this process is adequate in determining whether a project should move forward. or not. As a result, MPTA is in support of H.R. 3905, Minnesota’s Economic Rights (MINER) in the Superior National Forest Act, and urge the immediate passage of this bipartisan legislation. Sincerely, DAVID M. Y BARRA II, President, Minnesota Pipe Trades Association. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, one of the things that I am most proud of is being from Minnesota. What a beautiful State that we have. People joke about how cold it is in the wintertime, but let me tell you, Minnesota is awesome all year round. One of the things that we are so proud of is the Boundary Waters. Mr. Speaker, look at this picture. This is no glossedup photo. This is what it looks like. It is awesome. Back before I was in Congress, I was able to bring young people to the Boundary Waters who were courtinvolved. Mr. Speaker, one day a judge asked me: Hey, Ellison, come up here. You want to take some kids to the Boundary Waters? I said: Fine. I kept doing it for 5 years straight because I loved the place. Yet this bill will perhaps damage all that, all that beauty, that gem of our State, which not only is a beautiful place that needs to be preserved for people, but also is a jobgenerator. A lot of people earn good livings because of the Boundary Waters, and if we just do this, pass this bill, what it will do is jeopardize their livelihood and our crown jewel of our State. This bill will grant a mining company the right to build sulfideore copper mines along rivers and lakes that flow directly into the Boundary Waters. Sulfideore copper mining has never been done without polluting water, and thousands of communities and wildlife will be at risk. When you mine sulfide ore, water and air interact to create sulfuric acid. One leak or spill would contaminate substantial portions of the Boundary Waters, decimating wildlife and habitat, and destroying the livelihoods of so many Minnesota workers. The Boundary Waters, the waters of the Boundary Waters, are especially vulnerable to acid mine drainage because they lack a buffering capacity. This bill is a bad idea, and I urge Members to vote ‘‘no.’’ This bill will undermine core environmental laws, including the Antiquities Act, the Federal Land Policy and Management Act, and the National Environmental Policy Act. The Antiquities Act is a bipartisan conservation law to protect irreplaceable Federal lands, including in the Grand Canyon, Acadia Forest, Zion, Muir Woods in California, and the Olympic National Parks. If they undermine the Antiquities Act, what else is in danger? Well, I would say every national treasure of the United States. This attack on the Antiquities Act is an attack against our national parks and monuments, making this not only a Minnesota issue, but a national issue. This bill would permanently lock in all mineral leases on Minnesota’s national forests by overriding two laws on mineral leasing in Minnesota’s national forests that require Forest Service consent to any mining. They don’t want to go around the regular process. They want to use Congress to shortcircuit that process. If you have never been to the Boundary Waters, as I said, I urge you to go there. If you vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill, you will not just be protecting the Boundary Waters for yourself and people around all over the United States, you will be protecting it for your grandchildren. Much is said here about children and grandchildren. Think about the Boundary Waters when you think about the legacy that we are leaving our grandchildren and how H.R. 3905 would destroy and jeopardize that legacy. Economic analysis by KeyLog Economics shows that sulfideore mining on the Superior National Forest lands and the watershed of the Boundary Waters could lead to a loss of 5,000 jobs in tourism, 5,000 to 20,000 jobs in the rest of the economy. b1600 As people tout this bill as a job creator, it is a job destroyer. I would tell you that, if you are an outfitter or you are a wilderness guide or you are a forest ranger, your job is just as important as anybody else’s. What this bill is saying is, no, your job is no good. Nobody cares about it. Only the mine companies’ interests are important. We could stand to lose $1.6 billion in annual income and $500 million in reduction in private property values because of this piece of legislation. We shouldn’t have to choose between a robust economy and a clean environment. We can and must have both. Saying ‘‘no’’ to this piece of legislation gives us a chance at both. Voting for it makes us pick one over the other, and not just economic interests, but certain interests—not everyone’s. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the extra time. Mr. Speaker, the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management are studying this issue, but the author doesn’t want to wait for the study because he knows the study is not going to help. They just want to drive this mine straight through without doing the proper care. More than 126,000 Americans participated in the study and asked for protection of the Boundary Waters. Minnesota voters oppose copper mining near the Boundary Waters by more than 2 to 1, and 79 percent support the current study. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this. This is a bad bill. It is not good legislation, and the damage it will do is not Republican nor is it Democratic. It is American. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ), the originator of this bill. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the additional time, and I recognize my esteemed colleague, the Representative from Minnesota, for his love of the Boundary Waters that we both share. Mr. Speaker, I want to address the Representative from California first on the claim that H.R. 3905 solely benefits a foreign mining company. I think you should ask the people of our State. You should ask a gentleman by the name of Dan Forsman, who, as a Minnesotan, has a family heritage of benefiting by mining in our State. He was recently ridiculed by environmentalists in The New York Times because, while he loves the place where he lives, he also wants to make a living in the place where he lives. There are several other companies exploring the area. Teck has nonferrous mineral holdings within the proposed withdrawal, the potential development of which would be greatly impacted by the withdrawal. Encampment Minerals, Inc., also has a nonferrous mineral holding within the withdrawal area and is awaiting Federal agency action on a submitted preference right lease application. Future expansion of the Northshore Mining taconite mine could extend into the withdrawal area and, thus, be impacted by the withdrawal. PolyMet has invested hundreds of millions on projects that will be negatively impacted by the proposed mineral withdrawal, one of which we voted on here last night. Further, the withdrawal proposal will seriously hinder the State’s ability to seek mineral development of more than 90,000 acres of State school trust fund lands within the withdrawal area. Twin Metals is a Minnesota company and has been part of the northeastern Minnesota community for 10 years. The company has invested more than $400 million in project development activities, investing in new facilities in the city of Ely, providing local employment opportunities and supporting hundreds of local jobs in the construction, consulting, and contracting sectors. By the way, they also support all the outfitters, the wonderful businesses of tourism. Twin Metals has also contributed more than $320,000 to local philanthropic needs and organizations. Mr. Speaker, I would add that nothing in this bill alters any current environmental law or protection. The Antiquities Act, the Federal Land Policy and Management Act, NEPA, and all the other laws still apply to Minnesota. At the end of the day, we are protecting the Boundary Waters, we are protecting the Superior National Forest, and we believe both the economy and tourism, the environment, can coexist in northern Minnesota. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California has 91⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have heard a lot about jobs. Jobs, this is going to be great job creator, this mine. I just want to highlight, though, some of the very inaccurate numbers that have been tossed around today. The sponsor of the bill earlier today said that 10,000 jobs would be created. The majority’s legislative analysis says that the bill will create 17,000 jobs, but that is not correct. That is not correct. Even the company behind the project doesn’t claim that many jobs. In their May 2017 fact sheet, and this is the fact sheet for Twin Metals of Minnesota, they report that once operational, they will directly employ 650 people and ‘‘will create an estimated 1,300 spinoff jobs in other industries.’’ That is 1,950 jobs. That is good, but that is a long way and a far cry from 10,000 or 17,000 jobs. Let’s also look at the down side. An economic study of the tourism industry in the region has shown that putting in a copper mine could result in the loss of nearly 5,000 direct jobs and up to 22,000 indirect jobs. That is a terrible tradeoff, and that means that this mine is potentially a net job destroyer, not a creator. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to protect jobs and to oppose H.R. 3905. Mr. Speaker, I would like to make sure that my friends on the other side are aware of a simple fact, and that fact is very important in this debate: water flows downhill. They make a big deal about the fact that no mining would take place in the Boundary Waters, but how happy would you be if someone dumped millions of gallons of toxic waste just uphill from your home and said not to worry because they didn’t dump anything in your house? These leases that we are talking about are right on the border of the Boundary Waters wilderness area. Take a look at this map. These red parts are the leases we are talking about. There is no gap. There is no buffer. Any acid mine waste from these leases will flow right into the Boundary Waters. There is no protection in this bill for the Boundary Waters. There is only terrible risk. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to remind everybody I am wearing a copper tie, and that is because I come from Arizona. We are known as the 5 Cs: for the cotton, for the climate, for the cattle, for the citrus, and for copper. It is a critical mineral. We have seen these displays here in the well this morning, diverting the public’s attention about what truly is actually here. This is actually a cite to explain to people exactly the clear definition. Let’s look at this. What you see in red and yellow, just like a light that you see red, stop; yellow, caution; green, go, the red is the Boundary Waters. The red is the Boundary Waters: no mining, no mining whatsoever. The yellow is a buffer. By the way, the only place in the United States in which a monument is surrounded by a buffer: no, don’t proceed. They confused you with that map. This is where we are talking about, down in here, in the green area. It is not the Boundary Waters. The pictures you saw that were in the well so eloquently shown to us were of the Boundary Waters, not where the mining is going to take place. Let’s dispel the rumors. Let’s get back down to facts. Red, no mining; yellow, no mining; green, okay. But that is following rules. That is following all rules. Once again, just to remind folks back home that are watching, the red is the Boundary Waters. There is no mining in the Boundary Waters. The pictures you saw in the well are of the Boundary Waters. No mining occurs in the Boundary Waters. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to highlight the overwhelming local opposition to a coppersulfide mine right next to the Boundary Waters. A poll done earlier this year found that 59 percent of Minnesotans oppose coppersulfide mining near the Boundary Waters. Seventynine percent support the existing 2year study that the Forest Service is doing on this type of mining. Included in that 79 percent, 67 percent of Republicans support the existing 2year study that the Forest Service is doing. We are not talking about a bunch of antimining activists. This is not them. The same poll found that, overall, Minnesotans support coppersulfide mining in the State 43 percent to 33 percent. The people in the State of Minnesota know that there are right places to have these kinds of mines and there are wrong places to have these kinds of mines. The Boundary Waters are the wrong place. The people of Minnesota know it, the Forest Service knows it, and I hope that the Congress realizes it and knows it, too. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the charge is Minnesotans strongly oppose mining near the 
Boundary Waters, so let’s go back, remind everybody back at home about the red. We are not talking about the red or the yellow in the previous document. Let’s go through what we see. Minnesota’s Democratic Governor was for mining in the area before he was against it. Several polls over the years consistently show strong support for coppernickel mining in general and for allowing companies to explore and propose projects. In November of 2016, a poll of 400 registered voters in the Eighth Congressional District found, among other results, by greater than a 3 to 1 margin, survey respondents support environmentally responsible mining in the region. By greater than 2to1 margins, respondents support the building of a new coppernickel mine and believe coppernickel mining can be done in an environmentally responsible way. They demand that. More than 60 percent support an underground coppernickel project, the Twin Metals mine. In October 2013, a poll of more than 600 registered Minnesota voters statewide found, among other results, a majority of voters, 56 percent, favor expanding Minnesota’s mining industry. A plurality of voters, 48 percent, support expanding the nickelcopper mining industry in the State. All mayors, State legislators, the county commissioners that represent the Iron Range region, and the area proposed for the withdrawal are pro mining advocates. Fiftythree bipartisan State legislators, including leadership of both parties, have endorsed the bill and support the passage. Why is that? These aren’t just your average jobs. They don’t pay service wages of $20,000. These are $100,000 plus and, additionally, have benefits. Those are jobs that Americans sink their teeth into. That is what built America. Stay tuned. I am going to show you some other photos of how they really look at mining. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). b1615 Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I brought this poster to the floor earlier. I bring it again up here. This is the proposed area in which the Twin Metals mine has been looking at doing the sulfidecopper ore mining, which, as I pointed out, 92 percent of the mines have polluted water quality. All of them have had leakage or seepage. This is the Boundary Waters Canoe Area up here. We keep hearing about how it is just adjacent. Mr. Speaker, this is an underground corridor, and this is an underground corridor. This is a deposit. This is where all of the mining activity would take place. Mr. Speaker, I don’t see how open water creates a physical boundary to stop pollution. The pollution will go up north of the Laurentian Divide, and it will seep and go into the Boundary Waters Canoe Area, 1,000 lakes, rivers, and streams. This is mining adjacent to a wilderness that will become forever polluted if this mine is to be built. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill alters no current environmental laws or protections. Mining companies will still have to comply with the Clean Water Act, Clean Air Act, NEPA, and all State and Federal laws. In fact, the local communities—everybody wants clean water. These people actually live in the area. These local communities actually want mining in Minnesota. It results in cleaner water. This is actually a viewpoint of an actual mine site. This is a long time ago. This is a pit. What ends up happening is, they are very proud, because Minnesota is proud of their water. This picture is before, and this is after. Can you imagine local municipalities and towns lining up for this water? This is the cleanest water in Minnesota. This is how they will actually reclaim the water. This isn’t me. These are the people from the area who gave us these photos. And if you want to see an indepth video, go to YouTube and look up the video that the people back in this region put together. This actually shows you, this is clean water. This is where you have pristine fisheries. They line up for this water. There are no environmental hazards. Minnesota’s mining industry has been proud of what they have actually built. Once again, before and after, it is an inconceivable difference. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I would like the chairman to answer a question. That pit that the gentleman just showed us, is that a taconite pit or is that a sulfide pit in Minnesota? Mr. GOSAR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. LOWENTHAL. I yield to the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. That is a taconite pit. Mr. LOWENTHAL. We are not talking about taconite. We are talking about sulfide. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman is talking about this whole aspect, the gentleman is right, but it is about all mining. This isn’t just about copper mining. This is about taconite and all other mining. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I would like to talk about that because of what type of mine this is. As has been pointed out, northern Minnesota has had a long history of mining, but the mine that we are talking about here is not like any other mine in the State. This is a coppersulfide mine. These types of mines are notorious for generating acid mine drainage. As the Forest Service puts it: These mines are known worldwide for producing acid mine drainage that requires continuous management and perpetual water treatment. Even in the absence of a major spill, having this acidic waste chronically leaking into the environment will create a problem that will last for generations and may never be fixed. A study of 14 similar copper mines found that all but one had significant water quality impacts due to failures of the water collection and treatment systems from keeping the contamination from seeping out. As was pointed out by the opposition, the majority, most of these mines are in dry areas of the American Southwest where there is far less water that needs to be treated than in a very wet environment like northern Minnesota. The Forest Service also describes the specific threat that the Boundary Waters are under. They point out that there is ‘‘a direct flow of water from these leases to the Boundary Waters, and that there is a high likelihood of acid mine drainage from these ores, and that the drainage from the mine is likely to be highly acidic.’’ Mr. Speaker, once the problem starts, it is nearly impossible to make it stop. This is a perfect storm for destroying the Boundary Waters, and it is not worth the risk. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask a question of the gentleman from California. Can the gentleman give me an example of a mine that he actually supports? Mr. LOWENTHAL. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GOSAR. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I am here to say that there are many mines in the State of Minnesota that I do support, that are ecologically—that are protected, but this is a different mine. We are only talking about one type of mine. Mr. GOSAR. Reclaiming my time, once again, the gentleman can’t identify a single mine that is permissible to the opposition. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California has 1 minute remaining. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I think that we have made a very strong case that economically this does not make sense. It could potentially destroy the tourist industry. What makes Minnesota unique is the wilderness areas, the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. There is a tremendous risk because there has never been this type of mining in Minnesota before. As was pointed out by the Forest Service, there is a very high risk of 
acidic discharge, and that the mine will drain into the Boundary Waters. This is the wrong project at this time, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We have heard some other charges that H.R. 3905 changes five Federal laws for Minnesota’s national forests. This bill alters no current environmental laws or protections. The Federal Land Policy and Management Act, NEPA, and all other environmental laws still apply to Minnesota. Let’s go through this history. In 1950, Congress took action to make land available for mineral exploration and development within the Superior National Forest. Congress did. Then again, in 1978, Congress passed the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness Act, a compromise that prohibited mining within the 1.1 million acre Boundary Waters; once again, the red area and the yellow. No mining. But again, it specifically authorized mining in the Superior National Forest, the green. Once again, red, no; yellow, no; green, go. But that is fulfilling all current legislative and environmental laws. The General Mining Act of 1872 that we heard about earlier governs most mining on Federal lands. However, in this case, it does not. It is the Weeks Act that controls projects in this area because they are located on acquired National Forest mineral leases on these lands. There are no indefinite agreements. They typically retain a nondiscretionary right—nondiscretionary right, once again—to renew every 20 years. The two leases for the mineral deposit in question began in 1966, were renewed in 1989, and again in 2004, without controversy. The MINER Act halts lastminute political mineral withdrawals by requiring congressional approval. Once again, the magical words are ‘‘congressional approval.’’ The return to federalism— amazing—renews those two mining leases that were denied for political reasons under the same terms they were renewed twice previously and ensures any future mining projects will have to satisfy all existing environmental permitting requirements, including NEPA. These people demand that they do it in a righteous way. There is no digging right now. These are proposed. The Minnesotans whom I came up to visit, they happily shared their history and their area with me. They want it done right because they have to live with the consequences; not somebody who comes from Twin Cities once in a blue moon. Once again, let’s go back. This is the Boundary Waters. This is what you have heard misrepresented all the way around. There is no mining going on in the Boundary Waters. There is no mining going on in the buffer area. Once again, no other buffer exists around a national monument except this. This is hallowed ground. Green, go. Now, it is also very unfortunate that we hear rumors going around from Members of Congress that the Department of the Interior actually is against this. That rumor is far from the truth. We just received an email from the Secretary of the Interior that they are not opposed to this bill. I include in the RECORD a list of over 150 groups, individuals, and community leaders who now want to be on record as supporting the lawful aspects of returning this back to the folks in Minnesota for mining. 
ENDORSEMENTS OF H.R. 3905 53 bipartisan state legislators (including leadership of both parties); AFL–CIO International Association of Bridge, Structural, Ornamental, and Reinforcing Iron Workers Local Union 512; Agribusiness & Water Council of Arizona; ALLETE; American Exploration & Mining Association; Americans for Limited Government; Apache County (Arizona); Apache Sun Golf Club; APEX; Arizona Association of Conservation Districts; Arizona Cattle Feeders Association; Arizona Golf Association; Arizona Pork Council; Arizona Liberty; Arizona State Rep. Bob Thorpe; Associated General Contractors of Minnesota; AZ BASS Nation; AZ Deer Association; The Bass Federation; Better in our Back Yard; Cactus and Pine Golf Superintendents Association supports H.R. 3905; City of Ely. Colorado Mining Association; Competitive Enterprise Institute; Concerned Citizens for America (Arizona); Conservatives for Property Rights; Dena Cordova Jack, Executive Vice President, Mountain States Lumber and Building Material Dealers Association; Global Minerals Engineering LLC; Golden Vertex Corporation; Grand Rapids Area Chamber of Commerce; Hibbing Area Chamber of Commerce; International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 31; International Union of Operating Engineers, Local 49; The Jamar Company; Jefferson County Commissioner Donald Rosier, P.E.; Jobs for Minnesotans; Laborers District Council of MN & ND; Laborers International Union of North America; Laurentian Chamber of Commerce; Minnesota Building and Construction Trades Council; Minnesota Chamber of Commerce; MiningMinnesota; Minnesota Pipe Trades Association. Minnesota Power; Minnesota State Rep. Josh Heintzeman; Montana Mining Association; National Mining Association; National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association; New Mexico Cattle Growers’ Association; New Mexico Federal Lands Council; New Mexico Wool Growers, Inc.; North America’s Building Trade Unions; Plumbers and Pipefitters Local 589; Range Association of Municipalities and Schools; Scott W. Yates, President, Denver Lumber Co.; Shake Rattle & Troll Outdoors; Sulphur Springs Valley Electric Cooperative; Twin Metals Minnesota; United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America; Water Resource Institute; Women’s Mining Coalition; Yavapai County Cattle Growers; Yavapai County Supervisor Board Chairman Thomas Thurman; Yuma County (AZ) Chamber of Commerce. OTHER GROUPS SUPPORTIVE OF ISSUES  ADDRESSED BY THE BILL 62 bipartisan state legislators (including leadership of both parties); Chair of the MN Permanent School Fund Commission; Dakota County Regional Chamber of Commerce; Dale Lueck, Chair of the Minnesota Legislative Permanent School Fund Commission; Duluth Chamber of Commerce; Fairmont Chamber of Commerce; Fergus Falls Chamber of Commerce; Greater North Dakota Chamber of Commerce; Iron Mining Association of Minnesota; Laborers District Council of MN & ND; Lake County Board of Commissioners; Metro North Chamber of Commerce; Minnesota Association of School Administrators—Region 7; Minnesota Chamber of Commerce; North Central States Regional Council of Carpenters; Owatonna Chamber of Commerce; Rochester Chamber of Commerce; St. Louis County Board of Commissioners; Twin West Chamber of Commerce; Up North Jobs; Western Mesabi Mine Planning Board; Willmar Chamber of Commerce. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Arizona has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, what transpired here was a travesty. As I outlined, historically, Congress dictated twice in a usual fashion this green area for go. They designed the Boundary Waters and a buffer area for protection. Once again, no Boundary Waters— you are being misled—no Boundary Waters are having mining. This is as clear as it gets. What ended up happening was in an illegal action by the President last year, or earlier this year, he wiped this away. This doesn’t wipe away any environmental laws. What it does is, it returns it to the way it was. The way that it should be; the way that Congress dictated. Federalism, a return to the people in that State. Mr. Speaker, I ask everybody to vote for this bill and support this bill. I also ask everybody to go to a video that has been produced by the people in this ironore range to see exactly how the people of that area of Minnesota actually feel about it. It is magnificent. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 2, line 19, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 2, line 22, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 2, after line 22, insert the following new subparagraph: (C) shall have a royalty rate of not less than 16.66 percent. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 631, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, the American people are getting ripped off in this bill. The Chilean mining conglomerate behind this bill makes out like a bandit. They get two expired leases back, as well as exemptions from several key environmental laws that could be used 
to stop any of their dreams of massive profits from a giant copper mine. The American people are the ones that are getting ripped off. This land is being given away for next to nothing. For the past 50 years, the leaseholder has been paying rent of $1 an acre per year. Think about that, $1 an acre per year, unchanged for 50 years. The American people are the landlords here. They are charging the Chilean company about $420 per month for 5,000 acres of prime land right next to the most visited wilderness area in the country. b1630 I can only imagine how many hardworking Americans would desperately love to be guaranteed having only to pay $420 a month for their homes for as long as they want, particularly if their home was over 2 million square feet, as these leases are. But we are not talking about someone building a house here. We are talking about a giant, destructive copper sulfide mine that threatens one of the greatest unspoiled natural spaces in the country, the Boundary Waters Wilderness. Don’t be fooled by the claims that the Boundary Waters are protected in this bill. They are not even remotely protected. Coppersulfide mining results in acid mine drainage, the same kind of pollution that comes from abandoned coal mines and has destroyed thousands of miles of streams and rivers throughout Appalachia. Acid mine drainage from these leases would flow into the Boundary Waters into a neighboring Canadian wilderness and into Voyageurs National Park. This would permanently impact millions of acres of lakes, rivers, fish and wildlife habitat, and risk the entire tourism and recreation economy of the region. The majority says it is all worth it because of all the money that will flow into the State’s coffers and be used for education. Give me a break. The only education benefit from this legislation would be children learning the chemistry of how acidic water flows out of mines, the biology of dead fish, and the economics of a shattered tourism and recreation industry. But if the majority is truly concerned about the amount of money that a destroyed wilderness can bring to the State, they should be embarrassed by the sweetheart deals in these leases: $1 per acre per year and a royalty of 4
1⁄2percent on production. These numbers are absurd. These rock bottom prices effectively subsidize a foreign company to mine on public lands right next to an irreplaceable wilderness. My amendment would make sure that the company would pay a royalty rate of just over 60 percent because that is the same rate that Senator MURKOWSKI has determined that companies should pay for oil that would come from the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. If that is the cost of destroyed wilderness in the Arctic, then it should be no cheaper to destroy wilderness in Minnesota. With the extra billions of dollars the State receives from the more reasonable royalty rate, perhaps they could fund education and also help all the owners and employees of tourism and recreation companies that would be put out of business by a giant copper mine. To be clear, I will not support H.R. 3905 even if this amendment is adopted. But Members should be given the opportunity to demonstrate that they don’t believe that a foreign mining company should be allowed to get public land and public resources at rock bottom rates and out in the West for free. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the taxpayers, support my amendment, and oppose the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, in July, the Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources heard all about how royalties, if illconstructed, serve only to disincentivize investment in self sufficiency and increase our reliance on imported critical minerals. This amendment is a hallmark example of such a poorly designed royalty. This amendment doesn’t specify what the royalty will be applied to, when in the mining process it will be assessed, and it doesn’t even have a cap, for that matter. This amendment is just a thinly veiled means to prevent this important mining project from getting off the ground. The author actually stated that in his comments. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this amendment. I ask all Members to vote against it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me just close by saying that this precedent being set here with H.R. 3905 is a precedent that I think every Member of Congress needs to consider. The backdrop is a mining law of 1872 that has not been changed one iota since then that basically provides the public resources, the extraction of our public lands for free to any company and more prevalent now are foreign mining companies. No return to the taxpayer and no consequences considered on the environmental damage that these mines have caused, the abandoned mines that haven’t been cleaned up. This is a backdrop to a deeper and more serious problem that this Congress has to grapple with, which is the mining law of 1872, and on this piece of legislation a precedent that establishes a template that can be destructive for the future and cut the public and the processes out that involve the public and safeguard the environment at the same time. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment, a ‘‘no’’ vote on the underlying legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, once again, we may want to go back to misinformation. This does not pertain to the Mining Act of 1872. In fact, this is under the Weeks Act, which controls projects in this area because they are located on acquired natural forest land. Mineral leases on these lands, though not indefinite agreements, typically retain nondiscretionary right for renewal every 20 years. The two leases for mineral deposits in question began in 1966, were renewed in 1989, and again in 2004 without controversy. I would also like to take the opportunity to go through a number of groups that actually are against this amendment and endorse the bill. Fiftythree bipartisan State legislators from the State of Minnesota are for this bill: ‘‘As elected leaders of the Minnesota Legislature, we are writing in strong support of H.R. 3905. This legislation supports jobs, economic development and industry in northeast Minnesota, and will reverse an onerous, overreaching, and politically motivated decision by the Obama administration. H.R. 3905 has bipartisan support, and it is our sincere hope that it will become law for the wellbeing of our State and its citizens.’’ A second one from the Range Association of Municipalities and Schools: The results of the withdrawal and a potential 20year moratorium would have a devastating impact on the financial support for our statewide public school system and future generations of Iron Rangers who would be employed in any future mining developments. It has been estimated that within 20 years of mining for precious metals, our Permanent School Trust Fund would reap nearly $3 billion in royalties if allowed to go forward. The Miner Act does not infringe or restrict these very strenuous and stringent environmental review processes, and we emphasize there will be no mining in the Boundary Waters or the buffer zone specifically surrounding the Boundary Waters. 
Let’s go to the next one from the American Exploration & Mining Association: ‘‘H.R. 3905 will eliminate delays, return to good stewardship of fair process and restore the opportunity to explore strategic metals critical to our economy and national security in one of the richest mineral deposits in the Nation. . . . The emerging mining industry is an investment in the future wellbeing of our State and Nation; without this legislation, that future is at risk.’’ Here is another one from the Competitive Enterprise Institute: ‘‘The bipartisan H.R. 3905 is a welcome reassertion of congressional authority over public lands. Article 4 of the Constitution vests Congress—not the President—with plenary power over public 
lands. Members on both sides of the aisle should take umbrage at President Obama’s lameduck machinations to withdraw from the multipleuse framework more than 230,000 acres of public lands in Minnesota—with the mere stroke of a pen. By treating public lands regulation as a means to build a Presidential legacy through midnight regulation, the previous administration flouted the spirit of participatory and inclusive landsuse statutes as designed by Congress. Lawmakers should correct the course by passing the excellent H.R. 3905.’’ Finally, the Associated General Contractors of Minnesota: 
H.R. 3905 changes no environmental review processes, relaxes no environmental standards, and specifically restates Congress’ prohibition on any mining activity in the Boundary Waters and surrounding protective buffer areas. H.R. 3905 would reaffirm longstanding congressional intent that actually espouses that this area be designated for mining and timber sales. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask everybody to vote against this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GALLAGHER ). Pursuant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). Pursuant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of H.R. 3905 is postponed. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 1892. An act to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at halfstaff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. 
The message also announced that pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 100–458, section 114(b)(2)(c), the Chair, on behalf of the Majority Leader, announces the appointment of the following individual to serve as a member of the Board of Trustees of the John C. Stennis for Public Service Training and Development for a six year term: The Senator from Mississippi (Mr. WICKER ). The message also announced that pursuant to the provision of section 1151 of title 2, United States Code, as amended, the Chair, on behalf of 