Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor three heroes in the Colorado State Patrol. Colorado State Patrol Deputy Chief Mark Savage, Patrol Sergeant Todd James, and Trooper Jeffrey Chmielewski selflessly and heroically acted quickly to save the life of Homeland Security Investigations Resident Agent in Charge Michael Flanagan. On May 3, 2017, RAC Flanagan and the CSP Troopers were mountain biking, off duty, in Fruita, Colorado. After a day of riding, the group went to dinner at a local restaurant. During the dinner, RAC Flanagan stated he didn’t feel well and suddenly lost consciousness. Thinking that RAC Flanagan may be having an asthma attack, Sergeant James ran out to the vehicle to retrieve RAC Flanagan’s asthma inhaler. While Sergeant James was retrieving the inhaler outside of the restaurant, Deputy Chief Savage and Trooper Chmielewski ascertained that RAC Flanagan had no pulse and was not breathing. Relying on their training, the troopers immediately began chest compressions and mouthto mouth resuscitation on RAC Flanagan. Sergeant James returned from the vehicle and took over chest compressions while Deputy Chief Savage called 911. It is estimated that RAC Flanagan had no pulse for approximately six minutes and, upon their arrival, Lower Valley Fire Department paramedics had to use a defibrillator multiple times, to restart RAC Flanagan’s heart. The paramedics transported RAC Flanagan to a local hospital, where he was admitted to the ICU for repair to a damaged cardiac artery. RAC Flanagan stayed in the hospital for several days, made a full recovery, and is currently back to work on full duty status. The medical team stated that RAC Flanagan would not have survived without the quickthinking action steps taken by the Troopers. I know that I speak for the family, friends, and loved ones of Michael Flanagan when I offer deep and profound thanks to Mark Savage, Todd James, and Jeffrey Chmielewski. These heroes represent the best that Colorado has to offer and I am so pleased to honor them today. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great Iowan and American, Elleen Wheatley. Elleen has the unique distinction of being the oldest living woman Marine in the State of Iowa. And on August 26, 2017, Elleen will be celebrating her 100th Birthday with family and friends at the American Legion Memorial Building in Atlantic, Iowa. Elleen joined the Marines at the age of twentyfive while her husband and twin brother were in the Army serving overseas in World War II. In her years since her service to our country, she spent much time in the air with her husband Lester, who was a pilot, and enjoyed the farm that she and Lester purchased and planted 60 evergreen trees. Her favorite chore on the farm was mowing the yard on her Dixon mower. Before her 99th Birthday Elleen was quoted by a local newspaper saying, ‘‘I’ve had a good life. Every day has been good. As I say, the Lord’s been good to me.’’ Mr. Speaker, I join all Iowans and Americans to honor Elleen Wheatley, to thank her for her service to this great nation and to wish her a very happy 100th Birthday. f 
WELCOMING ADMIRAL PAUL F. ZUKUNFT TO THE GRAND HAVEN COAST GUARD FESTIVAL 
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome Admiral Paul F. Zukunft, Commandant of the United States Coast Guard, to the 2017 Coast Guard Festival in Grand Haven, Michigan. 2017 marks the fourth consecutive year that Admiral Zukunft has traveled to west Michigan to celebrate the Coast Guard Festival as Commandant. In 1977, Admiral Zukunft graduated from the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, where he received a Bachelor of Arts in government. He went on to earn a Master of Arts in management from Webster University in 1988 and a Master of Arts in national security and strategic studies from the U.S. Naval War College in 1997. All the while, he rose through the ranks of the Coast Guard. Admiral Zukunft became the 25th Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard on May 30, 2014. In this capacity, he leads upwards of 88,000 personnel composed of active duty, reserve, civilian and volunteer Auxiliarists. Prior to this, Admiral Zukunft served as Commander of the Coast Guard Pacific Area, Commander of the Eleventh Coast Guard District and Director of the Joint Interagency Task Force West. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Second District of Michigan, we thank Admiral Zukunft for his tireless efforts to serve and protect our nation. It is with great pleasure that I welcome Admiral Zukunft to Grand Haven, Michigan. HONORING KATHLYN CARD BECKLES, ESQ. HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor an attorney whose distinguished career and accomplishments both personally and professionally have earned her great esteem, Ms. Kathlyn CardBeckles. Kathy, as she is best known, serves as the General Counsel for Card Services at JPMorgan Chase, which issues one of the largest credit card portfolios in the world. She leads teams responsible for all legal issues relating to credit cards, payments, digital and Chase merchant services. Prior to this, she led the global intellectual property team that oversaw patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets as they relate to JPMorgan. Kathy holds a law degree from George Washington University, where she graduated with honors, in addition to a Chemical Engineering degree from the University of Delaware. In fact, before beginning her legal career, she held positions in analytical chemistry at Cytec Engineered Materials and process engineering at Frito Lay. Upon deciding to pursue the field of law full time, she joined the law firm of Kenyon & Kenyon, followed by stints at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the Chambers of the Hon. Edward Darnich of the Court of Federal Claims. Kathy has also previously served as counsel for Tech for Social Good, a technology based philanthropy group. In her personal life, Kathy is a board member and cofounder of the TEHEKA scholarship, which supports women studying engineering, and is a past board member of the Metropolitan Black Bar Association, a steering committee member of the JPMC Corporate Sector Women’s group, a proud member of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, and even finds time to teach Sunday School at Abyssinian Baptist Church. In 2014, Kathy was awarded the Trailblazer Under 40 Award by the National Bar Association; in 2015 she was honored as a Black Achiever in Industry by the Harlem YMCA; and in 2016 she was honored with the Metropolitan Black Bar Association’s Corporate Counsel of the Year Award. Of course for all of her tremendous success, Kathy’s true passion is family. She and her husband live with their 3 wonderful and energetic children together in Harlem. They are the apple of her eye. This year, the Westchester Black Bar Association is honoring Kathy at their 2017 Spring Gala. They have chosen an excellent honoree for the occasion. Congratulations to Kathy on receiving this welldeserved recognition. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, on July 26, 2017, I missed ten recorded votes on the House floor due to family commitments. Had I been present, I would have voted NO on Roll Call 416, NO on Roll Call 417, NO on Roll Call 418, NO on Roll Call 419, NO on Roll Call 420, NO on Roll Call 421, NO on Roll Call 422, NO on Roll Call 423, NO on Roll Call 424, and YEA on Roll Call 425. 
JOHN MILLER RETIRES FROM THE UNITED STATES FOREST SERVICE 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding career of John Miller, who retired from his position as the U.S. Forest Service Public Affairs Officer for the San Bernardino National Forest on July 31, 2017. My office has had the pleasure of working with John over the past four and a half years. On numerous occasions, John demonstrated a willingness to go above and beyond to serve my constituents and forest visitors. He has repeatedly shown his dedication to the Forest Service’s mission and has been instrumental in balancing multiple and sometimes competing uses of the most heavily urbanized forest in the nation. In addition to his work as a Public Affairs Officer, John was the Public Information Officer for a Federal Interagency Management Team, and served on the U.S. Forest Service Honor Guard. John is a true professional in every sense of the word, and I wish him the best of luck as he embarks on a new chapter in his life. 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote for Roll Call votes 416 and 417 on July 26, 2017, and Roll Call votes 426 through 433 on July 27, 2017. Had I been present, my votes would have been the following: Aye on Roll Call votes 430, 431, 432, 433, and Nay on Roll call votes 416, 417, 426, 427, 428, and 429. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF U.S. ARMY SERGEANT JONATHON MICHAEL HUNTER 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of U.S. Army Sergeant Jonathon Michael Hunter, who was killed in the line of duty on Wednesday, August 2, 2017, in Afghanistan. Jonathon graduated from Columbus East High School in 2011 and went on to study music at Indiana State University on an ROTC scholarship. After a year at Indiana State, Jonathon returned home to work and decided to follow his family’s military tradition by joining the U.S. Army on April 8, 2014. Jonathon was in the 1st Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division stationed at Fort Bragg, North Carolina and was deployed to Afghanistan on July 1, 2017. He earned his Expert Infantryman Badge and was recently promoted to sergeant. Jonathon is survived by his wife, Whitney Michelle Hunter, and parents, Mark Hunter, Kimberly Thompson and stepfather Brian Thompson, to whom I extend my deepest sympathies. On behalf of all Hoosiers, I thank Sergeant Hunter for his service and sacrifice to our nation. He represented his community, state, and country, with honor and dignity. We continue to pray for his family, friends, and all who knew Jonathon. Our hearts are with you. His service and sacrifice will always be remembered. f 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor two individuals who have become pillars of the Riverdale community. As active members Conservative Synagogue Adath Israel of Riverdale, Sheila Reinhold and Richard Sacks have helped CSAIR grow by leaps and bounds for over 20 years. It’s no wonder why CSAIR has chosen to honor them with the Hazon Award at this year’s Spring Gala. Sheila and Richard moved to Riverdale in 1991 with their children Eli, Rachel and Deborah. They took different paths to CSAIR involvement. Sheila grew up in Manhattan in a Modern Orthodox home with Holocaust survivor parents from Belgium. A natural violinist, at age 15 she went to Los Angeles to study with worldfamous violinist Jascha Heifetz, with whom she worked—and had all her Seders—for five years while living with a non Jewish host family. She then moved to Cambridge and was a Resident Musician at Harvard, where she had the opportunities to re immerse herself in Judaism, and where she met Richard whose Jewish trajectory had been rather different. Richard grew up in Albany in a secular family, never had a bar mitzvah ceremony, and never attended a Shabbat service from the age of 14 through graduate school—even when he and Sheila were dating, though he used to walk her to Shabbat services. They were married in 1977, and moved to NYC in 1978 when Richard finished his PhD and began teaching at Columbia, where he specializes in ancient myth and literature. He also regularly teaches Columbia’s core great books course for firstyear students, and it was this course that gave him his first experience of the joys of teaching biblical texts. Couple that with Sheila and all three children loving both CSAIR and talking Torah, and Richard’s fate was sealed. At CSAIR, their shared passion has been the quiet mitzvah of helping with shiva needs and logistics. They both have served on various committees as well. Sheila frequently plays violin at CSAIR’s Yom Hashoah observance, and she has brought her performing career to CSAIR as founder and music director of Intimate Voices. Richard served a term as CSAIR’s Treasurer and loves giving divrei Torah. CSAIR is fortunate to have two such devoted members. Congratulations to them on this great honor. f 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2017, with his right hand placed on the historic Lincoln Bible, Donald Trump uttered the most important sentence of his life: ‘‘I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.’’ These 35 words—spoken verbatim by every U.S. President at their inauguration—have achieved a hallowed status in our nation’s collective memory and psyche. These 35 words have immense symbolic meaning, but they also possess real power. They are enshrined in Article II, Section I of the U.S. Constitution, the blueprint for our democratic system of government and the founding document upon which our society is built. They bind their speaker in an oath to uphold the Chief Office of the Executive Branch of the United States. These 35 words state, in the starkest of terms, the two fundamental duties of the President: to ‘‘take care that the laws be faithfully executed’’ and to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution. Before January 20, 2017, every President, from George Washington to Barack Obama, had served in elected office or the military, held a government position, or been a member of the bar prior to entering the Oval Office. Before January 20, 2017, Donald Trump had never been elected to public office, nor served in the military, nor held a position in the government, nor been admitted to practice law before the bar. This is noteworthy because it means that in his 70 years of living, Donald Trump had never taken a public oath to uphold the Constitution before January 20, 2017. During his campaign, Trump often touted his lack of political experience as a strength. Since January 20, however, it has become increasingly obvious that Trump’s career as a real estate mogul, television personality, and owner of the Miss Universe beauty pageant has left him wholly unequipped to grasp the full weight, scope, meaning of—and the obligations he assumed in taking—the Presidential Oath of Office. 
It is the solemn duty of the President to exercise his authority consistent with the Constitution and in a manner that supports and strengthens the rule of law. The Constitution imposes on the Congress the responsibility to hold the Chief Executive accountable if he abuses his powers. Such is the genius of the Framers who created the system of separated powers and checks and balances that are the hallmark of our Constitution. Congress, especially the House of Representatives, is the political branch of the government closest to the people; therefore, if the President is called upon to answer for abuses of power, he answers to the Congress acting on behalf of the American people. As a senior member of Congress and the House Committees on Judiciary and Homeland Security, I am ever mindful of my responsibility to preserve and protect the pillars of our democracy. I answer to my constituents directly and indirectly to all Americans, and my publics actions are constrained by my fidelity to the rule of law. Donald Trump, unfortunately, has yet to grasp this fact or accept these democratic constraints. This President has repeatedly acted out his selfish desire to discredit or eliminate an official investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 Presidential election—as evidenced by his firing of former FBI Director James Comey and his contemplated dismissal of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Special Counsel Robert Mueller. These actions illustrate a fundamental misunderstanding of, and brazen disregard for, the rule of law, checks and balances, and separation of powers that define our democracy. If Donald Trump fires Special Counsel Mueller, he will set into motion a sequence of events eerily reminiscent of one of the darkest chapters in our nation’s history—the Watergate scandal of 1974. In particular, Donald Trump will be reenacting the Saturday Night Massacre, when Richard Nixon’s order to fire special prosecutor Archibald Cox led to the resignations of Attorney General Elliott Richardson and Deputy Attorney General William Ruckelshaus. The public reaction and congressional response to tile Saturday Night Massacre was swift: numerous resolutions of impeachment were quickly introduced in Congress, and just nine months later, the House Judiciary Committee approved articles of impeachment charging Nixon with obstruction of justice. As the Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, it is my job to take a proactive stance on presidential abuses of power that violate the Constitution and threaten our democracy. I am not alone in my grave concern about this President’s attempts to circumvent the investigation into the tacit or active involvement of his campaign in activities of entities allied with the Russian Government to influence the outcome of the 2016 presidential election. With each passing day, the Special Counsel, journalists, Members of Congress in both Chambers and on both sides of the aisle, and ordinary Americans are coming closer to connecting all the dots. For this reason, I have introduced H. Res. 474, a resolution condemning any action by this President to remove Special Counsel Mueller, impede his investigation, or pardon any person for offenses against the United States arising out of Russia’s meddling in the 2016 Presidential Election. U.S. Senator LINDSEY GRAHAM has stated his intention to introduce legislation in the Senate making the firing of a Special Counsel appointed to investigate a president or his staff subject to judicial review. The message to the President is clear and unmistakable: if he takes any action to hinder the Special Counsel’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, he will provoke a bipartisan backlash and be met with a proportionate congressional response to uphold the Constitution and the rule of law. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2017, Donald Trump took an oath—the first of his life—to preserve and protect the Constitution and to take care that our nation’s laws are faithfully executed. We, the American people, must all do our part to hold him to his word. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, on July 28, 2017, I missed three recorded votes on the House floor due to family commitments. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call 436, YEA on Roll Call 437, and YEA on Roll Call 438. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, Conservative Synagogue Adath Israel of Riverdale is fortunate to have two members, Ephraim and Erica Edelman, who have displayed a deep commitment and passion to the CSAIR community. It is no wonder why they are being honored with the Chai Award at this year’s Spring Gala. Ephraim and Erica came to Judaism in different ways, and to CSAIR almost accidentally. As a youth, Erica led junior services, spent summers at Camp Ramah and worked in the synagogue’s Hebrew School. After attending public schools, Erica felt a need for more Jewish education, and therefore, she enrolled in List College where she received a degree in Tanach from JTS and a degree in Religion from Columbia University, followed by her Masters in Education from Hofstra University. Ephraim also went to Camp Ramah and spent Shabbat at shul surrounded by a small posse of friends, reading Torah and contributing to the service from the time he was ten years old. He went to Binghamton University and found his way into the Business School and received an MBA from Columbia University. Indeed, Camp Ramah brought Erica and Ephraim together. The two met on staff at Ramah while Erica was in college and Ephraim had already graduated. They married and moved to Riverdale in 2002, where they joined CSAIR. The Edelmans’ involvement in CSAIR, substantial from the start, has grown over the years. Ephraim served on the Ritual Committee and often volunteered to leyn or serve as shomer; Erica led the Young Family Children’s Program, creating and illustrating one of her proudest accomplishments, the ‘‘Siddur,’’ which is still used today. Erica teaches Kindergarten at SAR Academy, where their three children, Avishai 13, Nadiv, 11, and Shefa, 8, attend. Ephraim joined the Board of Trustees, the Finance Committee, and has served as CSAIR Treasurer for the last four years. Few have done more or been more committed to CSAIR over the years than Erica and Ephraim. They are most deserving of this wonderful honor. f 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the exemplary career of Apple Valley Town Manager Frank Robinson, who officially retired from his position on July 30, 2017. Since his hiring by the Town of Apple Valley, California in 2008, Frank worked diligently to make Apple Valley’s motto of ‘‘A Better Way of Life’’ a reality for the citizens he served. During his tenure, a number of crucial Town projects were completed, including a stateoftheart animal shelter, Development Services Building, and the installation of renewable energy sources to power municipal buildings. Perhaps Frank’s most important accomplishment, however, was construction of the Yucca Loma Bridge, which will significantly ease traffic congestion throughout the Victor Valley. On a personal note, I would like to thank Frank for allowing my district office staff to work out of the Apple Valley Town Hall for the past four years. He has been a gracious host and I cannot thank him enough. While Frank’s leadership and vision will be missed, perhaps the greatest loss will be his penchant for always having the perfect joke ready to go. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representatives, I would like to wish Frank and his wife, Lisa, the happiest of retirements as they enter this new chapter of their lives. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Troy Ferguson, a veteran of the United States Marine Corps, a caring and compassionate servant to the people of Oregon’s 2nd District, a leader amongst Team Walden, and a man that I am honored to call a friend. 
Troy first served his country as a Marine, where he excelled in the high standards of the Marine Corps and rose to the rank of Staff Sergeant. Troy’s southern upbringing and faithful Marine Corps service made him a gentleman, through and through. Troy always demonstrated the bearing of a leader, and had the character to back it up. Troy joined my staff in 2001 as a part time worker manning the front desk. In a very short period of time, it became apparent that he had a natural talent for this business and helping constituents. In his 16 years he did just about all the jobs that make up a district office: receptionist, constituent services representative, constituent services manager, constituent services director, field representative, legislative advisor, and regional director. Troy has been a jackof alltrades on my team, acquiring expertise in a wide array of issues, policy, and casework, and he mastered each area quickly. In particular, Troy’s 11 years of service in the Marine Corps equipped him with an unmatched ability to help veterans in need throughout my district. Troy played an integral role in our effort to save ‘‘The Dom’’—the local VA facility in Southern Oregon—when the VA shortsightedly made an attempt to close that facility. Now renamed as the Southern Oregon Rehabilitation Center and Clinics, this facility continues to provide critical services to thousands of veterans each year. Over the years, thousands of individual constituents received personal guidance and assistance from Troy. He was the guru of constituent services, not only on Team Walden but also in the Oregon delegation. Whether it was casework involving the IRS, veterans and military service members, or Social Security and Medicare, Troy became a recognized expert at identifying the problem and promptly finding a solution. When the delegation constituent services folks got together, Troy was looked to by all as the most knowledgeable person in the room when it carne to taking care of constituents and ensuring that the agencies had the opportunity to make things right. On top of that, when most people struggled to master the skills of proficient writing required of congressional staffers, Troy stood out as a naturally gifted writer. He has that rare ability of organizing complex concepts and putting them on paper so that they can be easily understood by anyone. Troy was a born communicator who could deliver bad news to a constituent with compassion and good news with enthusiasm. His ability to communicate, breadth of knowledge, and natural leadership made him a key part of welcoming new members to the team. Eager to show new staff the ropes and make them feel at home, Troy became a respected mentor and trainer to those joining Team Walden. New staffers were often advised to ‘‘Ask Troy. He’ll walk you through how to get the job done and done right.’’ Outside of the office, Troy is a man of many gifts and talents. He is a gourmet cook—those who worked with Troy over the years have fond memories of the incredible Italian lunches he prepared for his fellow staffers. He co founded the Jackson County Veterans Advisory Committee, and exhibits selfless service even in his off hours. As a respected member of the local veterans community in southern Oregon, Troy will continue to serve with Jackson County Veterans after he leaves my office. He is a family man in every sense of the word. He is a devoted husband and father, and most recently, a proud grandfather. Troy will be impossible to replace. Though he will never truly leave Team Walden, I will miss his dedication to serve Oregonians. It comes as no shock to anyone who knows Troy that his next endeavor will involve serving his community—this time with the United Way. I have no doubt Troy will bring his sense of duty to helping others, his fine character, and his leadership to his next career—just as he did for my team for 16 years. 
NORTH BRONX SECTION OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL OF NEGRO WOMEN 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a very special community group that for 50 years has inspired and strengthened the community, the North Bronx Section of the National Council of Negro Women. The North Bronx Section’s legacy of outstanding leadership and advocacy for social justice and change has had a transformative effect on countless lives, and I am truly fortunate to represent such a fine organization in Congress. In early 1967, six women under the leadership of Daisy S. George met to see if it was feasible to form a section ofthe National Council of Negro Women. This small nucleus grew into a group of more than 50, the amount required to apply for a charter. By May of that year, with a charter drawn up and adopted with bylaws and a constitution, the North Bronx Section became official members of the Council. By 1968, the Section had initiated a Consumer Education Program throughout the Bronx, and by 1970, operated a voter registration storefront on 225th Street. Throughout the 80’s and 90’s the Section was involved in all kinds of civic minded activities, from sponsoring day care and tutorial programs, to co hosting health fairs and educational forums. They even began serving Thanksgiving Dinner in 1994, and still to this day serve over 100 meals every year to seniors, the homeless, and area residents. All of this has been possible through strong leadership, including 14 amazing Presidents: Virdell Mills; Jayne Harris; Oneater Sinclair; Carmen Snaggs; Eva C. Daniels; Agnes Haywood; Juanita Miner; Olia Barrett; Burmadine Hind; Jessie WilliamsCollins; Willie E.P. Bowman; Laura Rhodan; Jessie Davis Walls; and Patricia Kerr. These leaders have been instrumental in making the North Bronx Section the success it has been for 50 years. I want to congratulate them on this milestone. IN RECOGNITION OF MS. MARGE PRESTON FOR HER DISTINGUISHED CAREER IN HIGHER EDUCATION HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Marge Preston for her outstanding career in higher education. Ms. Preston has served the State of Michigan and its young people well through her work with Central Michigan University and Eastern Michigan University. Ms. Preston began her career with Central Michigan University, where she spent 27 years serving in a variety of positions, including Administrative Assistant to the Vice President for Student Affairs and Coordinator of the University’s Career Resource Center. In 2003, she joined Eastern Michigan University and has served the EMU community with distinction during her tenure. She began as the university’s Executive Secretary to the Vice President for University Relations, and ultimately held several positions, including Executive Assistant to the Vice President of Government and Community Relations. In this capacity, Ms. Preston managed all aspects of the GCR office, including assisting the University’s legal counsel with inquiries, serving as a liaison for state and federal officials and coordinating special events and projects on behalf of the EMU Vice President. Ms. Preston has been a tireless advocate on behalf of EMU and the Ypsilanti community at large through her service to the university. As a result of her efforts, EMU has been an effective policy advocate whose work with the state and federal government has benefitted both students and educators. Ms. Preston also received recognition throughout her career, including receiving the Central Michigan University Staff Excellence Award. She was also a cochair for EMU’s United Way Campus Wide Drive, helping raise over $100,000, and served on the EMU Planning Committee for Michigan Women’s American Council on Education’s annual meeting. She has had a tremendous impact on the direction of higher education in Michigan, and her hard work and expertise will be missed. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ms. Marge Preston for her distinguished career in higher education. Ms. Preston has effectively served the State of Michigan and its students through her work with the state’s public universities. 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 5th Annual Taste of Ethiopia. The Taste of Ethiopia promotes cultural immersion and provides community services for our extensive Ethiopian immigrant community in Colorado. The event is a unique showcase of Ethiopian music, food, art, crafts, culture, games, and dance. 
Moreover, the festival is not only a great opportunity for family fun and bringing the Ethiopian community together, but it also serves to highlight the individual contributions of Ethiopian immigrants to our community. In this spirit, Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the following organizers of the Taste of Ethiopia for their hard work and dedication to make this event for our community possible: Nebiyu Asfaw, Sosna Dagne, Elizabeth Moltot, Adanech Denbel, Fikru Ayele, Bizuye Sebsbe, Tilahun Dessie, Aschalew Agonafer, Yalemwork Tekola, Girum Alemayehu, Sophia Belew, Senait Keteman, Selam Ayele, Helen Tekle, Ayinalem Bayu and Yohannes Mengistu. Mr. Speaker, the 6th District of Colorado is home to the largest Ethiopian community in the State of Colorado and it continues to be an honor for me to represent so many Ethiopian immigrants in the United States House of Representatives. I had the privilege of attending last year’s Taste of Ethiopia and it is an honor for me to again be included in the Taste of Ethiopia annual celebration. I again offer my sincere congratulations to the organizers of the Taste of Ethiopia for their tireless work to promote the Ethiopian culture in the State of Colorado. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Honorable Justice Randall T. Eng, a man whose life and dedication to our legal system stands as an inspiration to all New Yorkers. Originally from Canton, China, Judge Eng was raised in New York City where he attended city public schools. He received a B.A. degree from SUNY Buffalo in 1969 followed by his J.D. from St. John’s University School of Law in 1972. Following Law School, Justice Eng began his long and esteemed career in public service as an assistant district attorney in Queens, where he served from 1973 to 1980. He was the Deputy Inspector General of the New York City Correction Department from 1980 to 1981, and later became the Inspector General, a role in which he served from 1981 to 1983. Justice Eng first took the bench in the Criminal Court of the City of New York in 1983, and in 1991, he presided in Supreme Court, Queens County until being elevated to the Appellate Division in 2008. In 2012, Governor Cuomo appointed Justice Eng to lead the Second Department, where he became the first Asian American to serve as presiding Justice of an Appellate Division. Justice Eng oversees one of the busiest appellate courts in the country, helps to guide New York’s judicial policy, and supervises the operation of the court’s ancillary agencies, including the Office of Attorneys for Children, the Committee of Character and Fitness, and Mental Hygiene Legal Services. In addition to his prolific legal career, Justice Eng has also proudly served his country in other distinguished ways. From 1970 to 2004, he was a member of the New York Army National Guard, retiring as State Judge Advocate with the rank of colonel. Throughout his career, Justice Eng has been a trailblazer. In almost every legal position he has ever held, he has been the first Asian American in that position. This year, the Westchester Black Bar Association is honoring Justice Eng at their annual Spring Gala. He is most deserving of this recognition. Congratulations to Justice Eng on this wonderful honor. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SHENANDOAH VALLEY CIVIL WAR MUSEUM 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to bring to your and our colleagues’ attention an important ribboncutting ceremony in Winchester, Virginia, on Friday, August 4, 2017, officially announcing the renaming of the former Old Court House Civil War Museum to the ‘‘Shenandoah Valley Civil War Museum’’. The ceremony was also an opportunity to honor a great civic leader of the Shenandoah Valley, Jim Wilkins, Jr., with the presentation of the Graves Family Philanthropic Leadership Award, in recognition of Mr. Wilkins’ leadership on behalf of civil war battlefield preservation and other worthy causes, including the Frederick County/Winchester Law Enforcement Foundation, which he helped establish. This name change signals a continuation of the energetic expansion of the preservation and enhancement of civil war sites by the Shenandoah Valley Battlefields Foundation, on whose Board of Directors Mr. Wilkins is an active member. Under the visionary leadership of CEO Keven Walker, the new name of the museum, coupled with new and renovated exhibits that will include youth activities and interactive learning tools, will make the museum a compelling attraction for Civil War enthusiasts and their families. The foundation will be able to tell the broader story of the Civil War in the entire Shenandoah Valley that will include Union, Confederate, civilian and AfricanAmerican perspectives. These initiatives of the Shenandoah Valley Battlefields Foundation and its partners have had a significantly positive economic impact on my Valley constituents. The Shenandoah Valley Battlefields National Historic District is an important driver of the regional economy, contributing hundreds of millions of dollars annually and sustaining thousands of jobs. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and our colleagues to join me in thanking CEO Keven Walker, Jim Wilkins, Jr. and the Board of Directors and staff of the Shenandoah Valley Battlefields Foundation for the extraordinary energy and commitment they have brought to preserving the vitally important story of the Civil War in the Shenandoah Valley, including the newly named Shenandoah Valley Civil War Museum which promises to become a driver of the regional economy as it emerges as an important center of the history and culture of the Shenandoah Valley. TRIBUTE TO MITCHELL J. ROSS, DIRECTOR OF THE ACQUISITIONS AND GRANTS OFFICE OF THE NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION (NOAA) HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the remarkable accomplishments of Mitchell J. Ross, the Director of the Acquisition and Grants Office of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). This month, August 2017, Mitchell retires after more than 20 years of faithful, honorable, and distinguished service to the United States government and the people of the United States. Mitchell Ross began his career of service to the United States government and the people of the United States when he was appointed to the first class of Presidential Management Interns and assigned to the Department of the Navy. Mitchell then went on to join the Naval Air Systems Command as a career civil servant and became a Contracting Officer. After a period spent in the private sector, during which time he held leadership roles specializing in government relations, Mitchell returned to continue serving our nation in his capacity as the Director of the Acquisitions and Grants Office at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). The contracts and grants that are awarded by NOAA not only address critical national priorities in the environment and science, but also provide small, minority and women owned businesses an opportunity to expand and succeed in the public sector. Mitchell Ross was committed to helping women and minority communities secure opportunities to compete and excel. I thank Mitchell Ross for his efforts in facilitating the development and success of a diverse array of business owners. Mr. Speaker, Mitchell Ross’ excellent performance, distinguished service, and professionalism have earned him the respect and friendship of his colleagues, and countless women and minority businessowners. I know my colleagues join me in extending our thanks and appreciation to Mitchell Ross for his service to our nation and our very best wishes for a happy and fulfilling retirement. He will be missed dearly. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a member of the community who has been an instrumental force for good at the Riverdale Temple, Mr. Steven Rosenfeld. Steven resides in Westchester County with his wife, Lori, and dog, Griffin. He is a member of Riverdale Temple, where he is President of the Men’s Club. He has been actively involved in the sales and marketing of consumer products most of his adult life. Steven 
is also a onetime White House Fellowship candidate. Locally, Steven has been involved in various community groups and efforts, including serving as a founding Director of the Westchester Shakespeare Festival. A recipient of the Consumer Electronic Industry’s Design and Engineering Award, and author of numerous articles, Mr. Rosenfeld is also a member of the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Mr. Rosenfeld is listed in Who’s Who in America, Who’s Who in Entertainment, and Who’s Who in Business. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Long Island University, and he was a Master’s Degree candidate at St. Francis College. In addition, Steven was previously a member of the board of advisors of the Department of Psychiatry at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital. Steven has been dedicated to the longevity of The Riverdale Temple and the community. This year, the Riverdale Temple is honoring him at their 2017 Student Sponsorship Breakfast for all of the support he has shown to the Temple and its members. The honor is well deserved. I want to congratulate Steven on this wonderful occasion and thank him for all he has done in the community. 
Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for increased investment in research to combat Alzheimer’s disease. Over five million Americans are currently living with Alzheimer’s and more than fifteen million Americans are acting as a caregiver to a family member or friend with Alzheimer’s. The disease is projected to afflict thirteen million Americans by the year 2050 unless we achieve significant advances in treatment. Alzheimer’s disease is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States. Investing in Alzheimer’s research is the right thing to do and good policy. The cost of caring for people with Alzheimer’s disease to Medicaid and Medicare is 175 billion dollars. That makes up nineteen percent of the total Medicare budget. By 2050 that cost could grow to 758 billion dollars. Medicare for an individual with Alzheimer’s or dementia costs nearly four times more than it does for a person without Alzheimer’s or dementia. As a member of the Committee on Armed Services, I am especially concerned with the number of our Veterans that suffer from dementia. Traumatic brain injuries and posttraumatic stress disorder have been linked to an increased risk for Alzheimer’s and dementia. I am glad the military has recognized the importance of Alzheimer’s research. Programs like the Peer Reviewed Alzheimer’s Disease Program are essential to address the longterm consequences of traumatic brain injuries. I urge my colleagues to join with me to support and increase in funding to combat Alzheimer’s. We owe it to all Americans, especially those who have served, to find a way to prevent and treat this disease. HONORING THE LIFE OF MS. NELLIE CROWSTON HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Ms. Nellie Crowston and her tireless work on behalf of students, teachers, and our entire community in Torrington, Connecticut. Nellie passed away on July 30, 2017, at the age of 79, but her contributions and legacy will live on in Torrington for many years to come. Many in Torrington knew Nellie for her decades of work as a public school teacher. She represented the best of what it means to be an educator. Nellie’s students remember her for her caring and encouraging nature. Nellie also possessed an astounding memory and regularly recognized her students around town years after they had left her classroom. Even after retiring, Nellie loved to return to the classroom as a substitute teacher and work with children. She was an inspiration to both her students and her fellow teachers. Outside of her teaching career, Nellie was an active member of our community and contributed to a number of causes close to her heart. Her work was instrumental in saving and expanding the Torrington Alpha Delta Kappa chapter, a society for women educators. She boosted the group’s membership and organized fundraisers and events that expanded its presence in our city. Her work allowed Alpha Delta Kappa to provide grants to local teachers and scholarships to high school students. Nellie’s dedication to service should be a model for public servants everywhere. Mr. Speaker, Nellie Crowston was a dedicated teacher and community leader who inspired countless students and made Torrington a better place to live. It is fitting and proper that we honor her legacy here today. All those who knew her will cherish her memory. 
HONORING SISTERS OF CHARITY OF NEW YORK 200TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor one of the finest charitable organization’s operating not just in my district, but across the entire State of New York. For two centuries, the Sisters of Charity of New York has met the challenges of the times and ministered to the needs of the poor. It is my honor to recognize their incredible work as they celebrate their 200th anniversary. The history of the Sisters of Charity begins with its foundress, Elizabeth Ann Seton, who was later canonized as the first Americanborn saint. Elizabeth was born in 1774, into an upper class, well educated, Episcopalian family in New York City. A welleducated, talented young lady, she and other young prominent women in New York society served the poor, particularly widows and orphans. Ironically, Elizabeth became a penniless widow within 10 years of marrying her husband, William Magee Seton, with whom she had five children. Influenced by the kindness of her husband’s friends and her attraction to the Eucharist, Elizabeth converted to Catholicism. In 1817, after Elizabeth had opened several Catholic Schools with a small community of women concentrated on a defined lifestyle for their religious congregation, and founded the first American congregation of women religious, she sent three of her sisters to New York City to open an orphanage, establishing the foundation of the Sisters of Charity in New York. The SCNY mission is simple: to share in the ongoing mission of Jesus by responding to the signs of the times in the spirit of St. Vincent de Paul and St. Elizabeth Ann Seton, by revealing the Father’s love in our lives and in our varied ministries with and for all in need, especially the poor. Their work speaks for itself. There are 250 Sisters of Charity of New York and 121 Associates; seven sisters and 33 Associates live in Guatemala. In their 200– year history, the Congregation opened and/or staffed 185 schools, 28 hospitals, 23 childcare institutions, and other ministries to care for people on the margins of society. SCNY also sponsors ministries across the State aimed at helping others, including on the campuses of the College of Mount Saint Vincent and St. Joseph’s Medical Center. From housing to anti human trafficking programs, the breadth of SCNY’s reach is truly inspiring. All of this could only be achieved and sustained by individuals who are truly dedicated to their mission, and who care deeply for people from all walks of life. I am proud the Sisters of Charity of New York is based in my district, and I want to say thank you to its leadership and all of its members for their remarkable dedication and hard work. f 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Muscular Dystrophy Awareness Month and on behalf of Americans diagnosed with muscular dystrophy. Initiatives like Muscular Dystrophy Awareness Month are crucial for raising public awareness about the effects of the disease while driving action and new treatments for individuals that result in improvements in care. Muscular dystrophy is a family of diseases in which abnormal genetic mutations interfere with protein production that is critical to forming healthy muscle. The disease progressively causes weakness and loss of muscle mass in affected individuals and can result in the complete paralysis of all voluntary muscles, including those used in breathing and swallowing. Over one million individuals in the United States are affected by some form of muscular dystrophy, and there is currently no cure for the disease. However, research into muscular dystrophy has recently led to new treatments for several types of muscular diseases, and experimental treatments like gene therapy have also shown promise. It is critical that we work to raise awareness of muscular dystrophy and related diseases 
while promoting research initiatives that have the potential to lead to breakthroughs in treatments and advances in care. Muscular Dystrophy Awareness Month provides a special opportunity to bring together advocates and researchers to educate the public and support efforts to better understand this disease while working to improve the quality of life for impacted individuals. Washtenaw County’s participation in the Light It Up Green event underscores the community’s support for individuals diagnosed with muscular dystrophy, and it is my hope that public officials continue to play a leading role in combating this disease and promoting policies that provide all Americans the opportunity to live healthy lives. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing June as Muscular Dystrophy Awareness Month. We must continue to support efforts to better understand muscular dystrophy so that there will one day be a cure for this devastating disease. 
OPPOSING TRUMP ADMINISTRATION’S ATTACK ON AFFIRMATIVE ACTION IN HIGHER EDUCATION 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, in less than one week, the Trump Administration has managed to level a double blow to the fight against discrimination faced by minority groups in our country. Yesterday, the Trump Justice Department, currently headed by Attorney General Jeff Session, announced plans to redirect departmental resources toward investigating and suing universities over their affirmative action admissions policies. Mr. Speaker, this preemptive attack on higher education affirmative action programs, if fully implemented, will deny educational opportunities to millions of deserving students from underrepresented communities and hamper America’s ability to compete and win in an increasingly complex, competitive, multicultural global economy. Not only does the announcement by the Justice Department threatens to undo decades of progress in trying to ensure that every child in America—regardless of race or ethnicity— has an equal opportunity to succeed, but it is directly contrary to long line of judicial precedent upholding the use of raceconscious affirmative action programs that are narrowly drawn and administered to achieve diversity in higher education. It was only a year ago that the Supreme Court, in Fisher v. University of Texas, No. 14–981, 579 U.S. ll (2016), affirmed that the admissions policy of the University of Texas at Austin complied with the principles established in Grutter v. Bollinger, 539 U.S. 306 (2003), which held that ‘‘obtaining the educational benefits of student body diversity is a compelling state interest that can justify the use of race in university admissions.’’ Mr. Speaker, as the Member of Congress for the Eighteenth Congressional District of Texas, I am proud to be a representative from a state that has played a pivotal role in the nation’s educational equity jurisprudence, beginning with the landmark case of Sweatt v. Painter, 339 U.S. 629 (1950), won by Thurgood Marshall and which held that segregated law schools violated the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment and laid the foundation for the landmark decision in Brown v. Board of Education, 347 U.S. 483 (1954), which prohibited racial segregation in all schools. Affirmative action is needed to ensure diversity on college campuses which will yield diversity in the ranks of America’s future leaders. In a globalized and increasingly interconnected world, the nation that succeeds is the one best positioned to adapt to a world of differences—cultural, religious, economic, social, racial, and political. The key to success in a diverse global economy is learning to adapt and thrive in diverse communities where the next generation and its leaders are educated and trained. That is why it is truly appalling that the Sessionsled Department of Justice is seeking to undermine the principles established in Grutter v. Bollinger: that diversity in higher education is such a compelling governmental interest that raceconscious admission policies are permissible if other alternatives are found to be inadequate. Mr. Speaker, we have seen before the effects of university admissions policies that do not address racial disparities in access to higher education. From 1997 to 2004, affirmative action in admissions at the University of Texas was barred by the infamous Fifth Circuit decision in Hopwood v. Texas, 78 F.3d 932 (5th. Cir. 1996). As a result of the University of Texas’s inability to consider a qualified applicant’s race in the admissions process, between 1997 and 2004 AfricanAmerican students never comprised more than 4.5 percent the entering class—far below the 13 percent of Texas high school graduates who are African Americans. Worse yet, for the students attending the University of Texas during that period, 4 out of every 5 of classes (79 percent) at the University had zero, or only one, AfricanAmerican student. It should go without saying that these are not statistics we would like to see repeated, nor is this any way to produce a generation of American leaders for the 21st century. Affirmative action works; it is the right thing to do for our country. Fostering educational diversity and greater opportunity is critical to our nation’s future in a global economy and an increasingly interconnected world. That is why diversity is supported by a broad crosssection of American society, including military leaders, major corporations, small business owners, educators, and students from all backgrounds. An America that celebrates diversity in higher education will produce the leaders, inventors, entrepreneurs, diplomats, public servants, and teachers that will serve our nation well in the global economy of the 21st century. We must stand loudly and unequivocally against any effort made by this Administration to subvert the progress we have made in guaranteeing every American student, regardless of race, ethnicity, religion or other immutable characteristics, access to higher education and in positioning our country to compete and win in the global economy of the 21st century. f 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is vitally important that we recognize those who strengthen our communities through their involvement. For the Conservative Synagogue Adath Israel in Riverdale, two of those individuals are Elisa Marcus and Dror Bikel, who are being honored this year with CSAIR’s Kehillah Award at their annual Spring Gala. Elisa grew up in Dayton, Ohio, where participating in shul life was a given and Shabbat meant going to synagogue and being with family and friends. Dror took a different path to Jewish involvement. Born in Berkeley, California to Israeli parents, then living in Brookline, Massachusetts, Dror was not particularly involved in formal Jewish life. While he was studying at Brandeis University, his interest in Israel and Jewish life awakened. Both Elisa and Dror spent formative years studying in Israel. They later found themselves and each other on the Upper West Side, where their friendships and involvement in the community of young Jews brought them together. Fast forward to Riverdale and CSAIR. Through Mason Voit, CSAIR Director of Education and Family Life, Elisa was drawn to serve the shul. For three years she led the Young Children’s Family Program and joined the Board of Trustees. She played an important role in a threeyear review of the synagogue’s mission statement and currently serves as the Vice President for Education. Dror’s passion for Krav Maga first led him to teaching evening classes in the synagogue, then to answering a call by CSAIR president Abby Pitkowsky and Rabbi Katz to lead CSAIR’s security program. His work led to the hiring of a security consultant to help with the acquisition and implementation of $100,000 in grants to improve the building’s access control, physical structure, and communication system. The character of the community is something Dror and Elisa care deeply about. Their children, Ariel, 9, and Liat, 7 love being in the building, attending services, and have developed great friendships. From the beginning of their involvement, Elisa and Dror have been struck by the degree to which people care about CSAIR and want to be involved, and it shows through their dedication and service. Congratulations to them both on receiving this great honor. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Dr. Robert (Bob) Shillman. I have been a friend of Dr. Bob’s for many years. I 
have nothing but admiration and respect for his success story and his efforts to promote America’s freeenterprise system. Dr. Bob received his undergraduate degree from Northeastern University, and his master’s degree and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from MIT. He founded Cognex in 1981, which is the world’s leading provider of machine vision sensors and systems. The company grew out some work he did as a fellow with the National Science Foundation in the late 1970s, which concerned programming computers to recognize handwriting. Dr. Bob has a passion for philanthropy. He contributes to organizations that he believes are working to make the world a better place. He also promotes the advancement of education to ensure that there are generations of engineers and entrepreneurs. He no longer takes a salary for his work at Cognex, and at his request, each year the company donates that amount, along with any bonus that he may have the right to receive, to a public charity. He tells everyone that his Ph.D. no longer stands for Doctor of Philosophy, but for Doctor of Philanthropy. Dr. Bob is a strong supporter of the fight for freedom and democracy around the world, and of Israel, our closest ally in the Middle East. He also shares our commitment to keeping America safe and strong. I am proud to recognize all the contributions he has made to defend the Constitution and the freedoms it provides. As Dr. Bob has reminded us, he is one who has benefitted from these freedoms, and he would like to see that future generations of Americans have the same opportunities that have been afforded him. I thank Dr. Bob for his generosity, commitment and patriotism. 
Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the Meriden Puerto Rican Festival in Meriden, Connecticut. This cultural festival is a highlight of summer in Connecticut, and it brings us together to learn about and enjoy the food, music, dance, and history of the Puerto Rican community. Each year, the Puerto Rican Festival attracts thousands of people to Meriden from across New England and the Northeast. Visitors can enjoy delicious Puerto Rican food from an array of vendors and enjoy performances from musicians and dancers. The first festival was planned by Francisco Velez, who was born in Puerto Rico and came to Meriden in 1947. Inspired by the Puerto Rican cultural events in New York, Francisco wanted to share his culture and heritage with his community in Connecticut. Following the first festival in 1967, Francisco led it for more than four decades, and his vision has evolved into a signature event that brings together Meriden residents and thousands of visitors to celebrate Puerto Rican culture and the Puerto Rican community’s contributions to the city and state. I also want to recognize the many volunteers who have generously given their time and skills to make this festival such a success over the past 50 years. Mr. Speaker, the Puerto Rican Festival has brought our community together to celebrate the culture of Puerto Rico and the Puerto Rican community in our state. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor the festival, and all those who have contributed to its success for the past five decades, here today. f 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleagues in recognizing and commemorating the 52nd Anniversary of Medicaid and Medicare. As Medicare and Medicaid turn 52 this week, I stand with the nation to declare my unequivocal commitment to two of the most impactful government programs ever launched. On July 30, 1965, President Lyndon B. Johnson signed Medicare and Medicaid into law as part of the Social Security Act. This landmark legislation that truly represents Americans at our best became a reality due to the tireless efforts of great leaders like Teddy Roosevelt, Harry Truman, and Lyndon B. Johnson. The signing of the law that established Medicare forged a promise with American seniors. A promise that assured those who have contributed a lifetime to our nation could enjoy their golden years with peace of mind and the security of reliable, affordable, and high quality healthcare. Likewise, Medicaid created a crucial partnership between the Government and the Governed to provide a basic health care safety net for some of the most vulnerable Americans: children of adults with low incomes, persons with disabilities and the poor. Mr. Speaker, 52 years later, the legacy of these programs has proven how powerful government action can be to the life and well being of our nation’s most vulnerable. In 1965, almost half of those 65 and older had no health coverage, living in fear that the colossal healthcare costs would drive them and their families into poverty. Today, because of that monumental legislation, over 98 percent of seniors have health insurance, which has led to a fiveyear increase in life expectancy for those over 65. Today, 55 million Americans rely on Medicare for health care, ranging from preventive services, hospital visits, lab tests, to critical medical supplies, and prescription drugs. It is difficult for some to image what 1965 was really like, when today affordable, accessible and available health insurance is a reality for so many people living with disabilities. Before Medicaid poor families with children, pregnant women, and lowincome working Americans were not able to afford even the most basic medical care they needed to remain healthy and productive. When the legislation was first passed, many claimed that Medicaid would never prosper, yet today because of expansion of Medicaid through passage of the Affordable Care Act the program provides comprehensive coverage for over 73 million children, pregnant women, lowincome adults, and people living with disabilities. Mr. Speaker, it is indisputable that both programs, Medicare and Medicaid, have been monumental victories and the proudest accomplishments of the Democratic Party and our great Nation. In my home state of Texas and in communities across the country, both programs have significantly changed the lives and improved health outcomes of many Americans over the past century and represent the best American values where we believe Health is a Human right not a commodity. This is bittersweet for the residents of the state of Texas anniversary because celebrate these programs that have saved lives, helped people live longer, expanded care to marginalized communities, closed healthcare access gaps, and provided the peace of mind that comes with affordable and equitable health care. Unfortunately, Texas has the highest percentage of uninsured (17.7) in the nation. The State of Texas’ refusal to participate in the Medicaid expansion created by the Affordable Care act puts the poor residents my state in jeopardy. In the 18th Congressional District there are 195,400 persons with Medicaid and 74,704 with medical care provided by Medicare. Mr. Speaker, my constituents in the 18th Congressional District of Texas favor the Affordable Care Act because they understand the insecurity and feeling of helplessness of being uninsured or underinsured. Like those great achievements, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or ObamaCare, was vehemently opposed and derided by its adversaries, who said it was too costly, would not work, was unnecessary, or would change the character of America for the worse. Like the critics of Social Security, Medicare, and the G.I. Bill, all of whom are silent now, they are wrong. The Affordable Care Act has been an unqualified success. This historic legislation has extended affordable health coverage to tens of millions of Americans, and has helped to bring and peace of mind to many of those for whom relief seemed far out of reach. The Affordable Care Act was driven by a simple premise: that citizens of the most prosperous nation on earth should not be forced to choose between their health and their financial security. Since the passage of the ACA in 2010, the number of uninsured Americans has fallen by more than onethird, or roughly 20 million people. These Americans come from all walks of life. They are women, who can no longer be denied coverage or be force to pay exorbitant amounts for coverage simply because of their sex. They are nine million seniors and people with disabilities, who have saved $1,600 each on expensive and lifesaving prescription medication. And they are this country’s most at risk citizens; people who are working hard and struggling make ends meet while living in nearpoverty, and who have been covered by Medicaid 
expansion in 31 states and the District of Columbia. These benefits have been felt across the country, especially in home state of Texas. In Texas alone: 1. 10,695,000 individuals with preexisting conditions such as asthma, cancer, or diabetes—including up to 1,632,000 children—will no longer have to worry about being denied coverage or charged higher prices because of their health status or history. 2. 4,889,000 uninsured Texans have new health insurance options through Medicaid or private health plans in the ACA Marketplace. 3. 5,198,000 individuals on private insurance who have gained coverage for at least one free preventive health care service such as a mammogram, birth control, or an immunization. In the first ten months of 2013, 233,100 seniors and people with disabilities saved on average $866 on prescription medications. In addition to the tangible healthcare benefits for millions of families, the Affordable Care Act has had powerful effects on the financial state of our nation. Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, we have extended the solvency of the Medicare Trust fund by more than a decade, and helped save taxpayers $116 billion through new Medicare efficiencies. The Department of Health and Human Services has estimated that hospitals saved more than $5.7 billion in costs that would have normally gone unpaid by patients without insurance. Contrary to the claims of the law’s critics, private insurance companies have leapt at the opportunity to compete for business among the newly insured, and the healthcare industry has boomed. Through all of these successes, however, House Republicans remain obsessed with destroying this law, and with unraveling the security it provides to millions of Americans. Medicaid serves a notable share of children, nursing home residents, and Americans younger than 65 years, while a significant share of Medicare beneficiaries have incomes less than $23,500, have 5 or more chronic conditions, or report a health status that is fair or poor. Medicare and Medicaid also continue to drive innovation and these programs have become the standards for coverage, quality, and innovation in American healthcare. Mr. Speaker, together these programs serve the nation’s most vulnerable people—lowincome children and adults, people with disabilities, and older persons. Both programs continue to play crucial roles in providing equitable and affordable healthcare, leading innovation in payment and delivery reform, carrying out outreach to the most vulnerable communities, and reshaping the delivery of care for the future. It is for these reasons, Medicare and Medicaid remain central to the nation’s public health insurance system and vital to the health of Americans and prosperity of our nation. Because of these programs, more Americans have access to affordable, equitable health care today than at any point in our history. And I am committed to making sure that number will continue to grow. On this anniversary of these vital programs, we should remember that a healthy America is a prosperous America. As we look ahead to the next half century, we can celebrate that what was put in place in 1965 has given us the foundation for a healthy and prosperous future for all Americans. And I invite those detractors who confidently predicted that Medicare and Medicaid then, and the Affordable Care Act now, would lead to the ruination of the country to join me in saying: Thank you LBJ. Thank you Obama. REV. DELROY A. REIDSALMON, PHD. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a leader in the community who for three decades has left a positive and lasting mark on the Bronx. Reverend Delroy A. ReidSalmon PhD., is the Pastor of Grace Baptist Chapel, located at 3355 Boller Avenue. This year marks Reverend ReidSalmon’s 30th Anniversary of his Ordination to the Christian Ministry, and he is being recognized for his outstanding commitment, leadership, and service to the community. Rev. ReidSalmon has served as a positive role model for our young people, motivating and encouraging them to pursue their education while becoming active, responsible citizens. His efforts have been particularly fruitful, as the overwhelming majority of those he has mentored have obtained college degrees. As the organizing Pastor of Grace Baptist, Reverend ReidSalmon saw his congregation come together from modest beginnings. The Chapel started with minimal funds and only eight members on August 1, 1987. Today, they now serve over 200 members and parishioners. Reverend ReidSalmon’s exemplary service to the church and his community has never wavered; his commitment never in question. Of course, Reverend ReidSalmon’s greatest passion is for his wife and partner in ministry, Elaine. As constituents in my district they have shown a deep affinity for helping those around them, through their work at Grace Baptist and beyond. Grace Baptist Chapel has been fortunate to have such a caring and devoted leader for 30 years. Here’s to 30 more just like it. Congratulations to Reverend Delroy A. ReidSalmon on this joyous occasion. The honor and recognition is welldeserved. 
Measures Passed: Washington Metrorail Safety Commission: Pursuant to the order of Thursday, August 3, 2017, having received the joint resolution from the House, Senate passed H.J. Res. 76, granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the establishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission.                                                                            Page S4806 
The Senate met at 9:45:30 a.m. in pro forma session, and adjourned at 9:45:39 a.m. until 12:30 p.m., on Tuesday, August 8, 2017. 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 6 public bills, H.R. 3641–3646 were introduced.
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Harris to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Roger L. Story, National Children’s Prayer Congress, Washington, DC.
Clerk to correct engrossment of H.J. Res. 76: Agreed by unanimous consent to make the change in the engrossment of H.J. Res. 76 that was placed at the desk.
Senate Referrals: S. 860 was held at the desk. S. 190 was held at the desk. S. 178 was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Energy and Commerce. S. 582 was referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. S. 717 was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. S. 829 was referred to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. S. 81 was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. S. 1282 was referred to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. S. 581 was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. S. 1052 was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. S. 204 was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. S. 765 was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. S. 1616 was referred to the Committee on Financial Services. S. 19 was held at the desk. S. 96 was held at the desk. S. 174 was held at the desk. S. 134 was held at the desk. S. 123 was held at the desk. S. 88 was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. S. 1182 was held at the desk. S. 756 was referred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Natural Resources. S. 1617 was referred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. S. Con. Res. 15 was held at the desk. S. 1141 was held at the desk. S. 810 was referred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. S. 1099 was referred to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.                                                                                     Pages H6587–89 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H6587–88. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yeaandnay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 1 p.m. and adjourned at 1:09 p.m. 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, AUGUST 8, 2017 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 12:30 p.m., Tuesday, August 8 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 11 a.m., Tuesday, August 8 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. 
HOUSE Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1116 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1117 Cook, Paul, Calif., E1114, E1115 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E1114, E1115 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1116, E1118 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1113, E1114, E1115, E1116, E1117, E1117, E1118, E1119, E1121 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1118, E1120 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E1113 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1114, E1117, E1119, E1120 Khanna, Ro, Calif., E1118 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E1113 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1114 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E1119 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1114 Walden, Greg, Ore., E1115 Young, David, Iowa, E1113 