Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my sincerest birthday wishes to Coach Herman ‘‘Big Man’’ Pittman, who will be cele-brating his 90th on Sunday, November 19, 2017. As a young man, Herman was a gifted ath-lete. He displayed great ability to play the game of basketball, and throughout his high school career at Tampa Middleton High School, he played as the team’s point guard. Because of his success, he would go on to earn an athletic scholarship to attend Florida Agriculture & Mechanical University (FAMU), where he lettered on the football team, as well as played starting guard on the FAMU Rattler Basketball Team. During his time at FAMU, Herman led his team to two Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (SIAC) Championships. He would go on to make First Team All-SIAC Con-ference and All-SIAC Tournament Team for two years. After graduating from FAMU with his Bachelor of Science in Physical Education, Herman joined the U.S. Army, where he was co-captain of the Fort Meade Generals in Maryland. Herman would go on to earn a Master’s of Science in Health and Physical Education from Indiana University. Herman began his career as a teacher and coach for the Dillard High School Panthers in 1955. He taught physical education and driv-er’s education, and also coached basketball, football, and track during his tenure of 37 years. He also coached at Deerfield Beach High School, making a total of 18 years of coaching. His career as a basketball coach, record of conference participation shows seven Conference Championships, as well as being voted Outstanding Coach of the Con-ference five times. His teams won six District Championships and were runners-up two times. His teams also qualified for the state tournament seven times, having won four state titles, they qualified for participation in the National High School Tournament held at Tennessee State University in 1959, 1963, 1965, and 1967. His coaching records and contributions earned him the title of ‘‘One of the Winningest and Most Outstanding Coach-es in the Nation.’’ For Herman’s outstanding contributions and commitment to youth and other service in-volvements in Broward County, he has been awarded numerous honors. The Community and School Board have likewise renamed the Dillard High School Gymnasium as the ‘‘Her-man Pittman Gymnasium.’’ As an educator, Herman once stated, ‘‘I feel I’m out here trying to educate a child for life. I try to teach them to be able to make adjust-ments in a changing society. I do the same thing in the classroom that I do on the basket-ball court—you have to teach young people how to live.’’ This is something that Herman has been committed to his entire life. Outside of teaching and coaching, Herman has continued to dedicate his time to serving in a wide array of organizations that include: Kappa Alpha Psi, Inc. Fraternity, First Baptist Piney Grove Church, ‘‘Meals on Wheels,’’ The Kiwanis Club of Central Broward, FAMU Alum-ni Association, F Club, and the Dillard Task Force. On Friday, November 3rd, Herman was honored at the 23rd Annual Mount Olive De-velopment Corporation (MODCO) Community Service Awards Gala, entitled ‘‘A Celebration of Savvy Senior Citizens & Committed Military Servants.’’ Among the things that he said was ‘‘the world is always evolving,’’ in his 90 years he has evolved with the world. And, he has stood the test of time. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to wish a very happy 90th birthday to my very good friend, Coach Herman ‘‘Big Man’’ Pittman, whose service and dedication to the State of Florida and our nation is truly admirable. Her-man will celebrate his birthday with his lovely wife Nielza, their three daughters Linda, Lisa, and Lavette, and their four grandchildren Chelsey, Colin, Mika, and Cody, as well as so many in our community, who love and respect all that he has contributed. I wish him many more years of happiness and success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Nov 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10NO8.001 E10NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1548 November 10, 2017 
CONGRATULATING WAYNE FARMS 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 10, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Wayne Farms, a poultry company based in my home of Hall County. While attending this year’s National Safety Conference for the Poultry Industry, Wayne Farms received 10 distinct awards for success in employee safety. More than a year ago, Wayne Farms began carrying out an initiative called ‘‘Zero Accident Culture’’ to further prioritize the safety of its 10,000 employees. Through organized efforts, the company was able to set and meet goals that paved the way for an even more secure atmosphere for its team members. Since its inception, the Zero Accident Cul-ture initiative has brought down the number of injuries within the company, leaving employ-ees with a safer environment to work in each day. Wayne Farms’ leadership in workplace safe-ty signifies the commitment that poultry pro-ducers have made not only to improving the quality of their food, but also to improving the work environment that they welcome their teams into each day. I congratulate Wayne Farms on the strides they’ve made in workplace safety. I wish them the best as they continue to contribute to our community in northeast Georgia. 
f 
TO COMMEMORATE THE HONOR-ABLE ANNA G. ESHOO FOR 25 YEARS OF SERVICE IN THE U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, November 10, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise with my colleagues today to commemo-rate the Honorable ANNA G. E SHOO for 25 years of incredible service in the United States House of Representatives. She has rep-resented constituents in San Mateo, Santa Clara and Santa Cruz Counties in California since she was first elected to Congress in 1992. Representative E
SHOO has authored and championed significant legislation on healthcare, technology, intelligence and the environment to improve the lives of her con-stituents and the American people. Presidents Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama together signed 39 of her bills into law. She recognizes the goodness of the American people, the tremendous value of di-versity that immigrants bring into our country and the power of technology to transform and improve our communities. She has a remarkable legacy in her healthcare legislative history. Her work en-ables states to provide care to women diag-nosed with breast or cervical cancer. Her re-forms made the Food and Drug Administration more effective and responsive. She introduced legislation to eliminate lifetime caps on health insurance 14 years before it was included in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Many of Representative E
SHOO ’s accom-plishments in Congress involve modernizing technology to solve problems. Firstnet, a na-tionwide public safety network of next genera-tion 9-1-1 services, connected public service agencies across the nation, shortening emer-gency response times and making everyone safer. As a member of the House Intelligence Committee, Representative E
SHOO played a key role following the September 11th Ter-rorist Attacks. She chaired the Subcommittee on Intelligence Community Management, where she focused on policy and management challenges affecting all 16 agencies that com-prise the U.S. Intelligence Community. She worked to ensure that U.S. intelligence efforts were consistent with our nation’s values, which are embodied in our Constitution. She also worked to modernize our intelligence gathering capabilities and to improve Con-gress’ ability to construct meaningful oversight of these programs. Because of legislation introduced by Rep-resentative ESHOO , thousands of acres of Cali-fornia’s public lands are protected, including preservation of Sand Hill Bluff and significant areas of the California Coastal National Monu-ment, the expansion of the Moffett Field Bay Trail, renovation of the Pigeon Point Light-house and the purchase of Bair Island to in-clude in the Don Edwards San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge. These priceless lands are protected for future generations be-cause of her leadership. Representative E
SHOO has received many well-deserved commendations, including the Dean’s Medal Award from the Stanford School of Medicine and the President’s Medal from Menlo College. She received the Angel Award from the Child Abuse Council of Santa Clara County and the Thomas Jefferson Inter-national Religious Freedom Champion Award for her work to protect religious minorities in the Middle East. She received the Statesman-ship Award from the U.S. Association of Former Members of Congress for her work to empower tomorrow’s technology leaders. Mr. Speaker, the Honorable A
NNAG. E SHOO  is an important and valued Member of this body. She serves her constituents with great integrity, strength and compassion. It is there-fore fitting and proper that we commemorate her for 25 years of service and send her our best wishes as she celebrates this impressive milestone. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Nov 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10NO8.004 E10NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
D1203 Friday, November 10, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 4 p.m., on Monday, November 13, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: There were no Public Bills or Resolutions introduced in to-day’s Record. Additional Cosponsors:
                                      Page H9138 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Mitchell to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H9137 
Adjournment Over: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, November 13th. 
                                                                                            Page H9137 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 9:02 a.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. Joint Meetings No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 2810, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Nov 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10NO7.REC D10NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1204 November 10, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4 p.m., Monday, November 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Derek Kan, of California, to be Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approxi-mately 5:30 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Derek Kan, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Transportation. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, November 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Collins, Doug, Ga., E1547, E1548 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1547 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1547, E1548 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Nov 11, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D10NO7.REC D10NOPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST