Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, a man loved throughout Houston, throughout Texas, throughout America, and throughout our world, Tom Friedkin put on his angel wings and flew to Heaven last week. Tom was the force behind Houston’s largest private company, Gulf States Toyota. Tom put an ‘‘open for busi-ness’’ sign up in 1969. Thirty years later, Tom was inducted into the Texas Business Hall of Fame. Tom’s brain made him a billionaire, but his heart was worth much, much more. Tom took that heart to Tanzania to protect elephants from being poached and killed. Tom’s foundation signed a 30-year agreement with Tan-zania to make it a better country. A legend Texans love, Bum Phillips, would say this about Tom Friedkin: Tom, you may not be in a class by yourself, but whatever class you are in, it don’t take long to call the roll. God bless you, Tom. f 
HEALTHCARE BILL OUGHT TO BE REJECTED (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, well, here we are. Today is the day when this House will vote on whether or not ac-cess to health care is a fundamental right in this country or should be lim-ited to those of means who can afford it, whether access to lifesaving pre-ventative care is something that Amer-icans ought to be able to depend upon. Now, we haven’t seen the final lan-guage of the bill—it is still being worked on—although we are voting on it today, but here is what we know: It will result in higher costs. It will force families to pay higher premiums and higher out-of-pocket costs. It will provide less coverage; and, in fact, just in the last couple of days, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.000 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2374 March 24, 2017 
even less coverage, by eliminating es-sential health benefits like preventa-tive care, like hospitalization, like pre-scription drugs. Somebody might have a healthcare card, but it won’t provide them health care when they need it. It will have a crushing age tax. If you are 50 to 64 years of age, get ready. You will pay enormously higher costs as a result of this ill-conceived piece of leg-islation. This steals from Medicare, undoes the promise. This is a bad piece of legislation. It ought to be rejected. 
f 
THANKING ANDY LEUNG FOR HIS SERVICE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank a very special member of my team, Andy Leung, who is an intern in my office. Andy comes to us through the Con-gressional Internship Program for Indi-viduals with Intellectual Disabilities. This is a unique program designed to give students with varying intellectual disabilities an opportunity to gain con-gressional work experience. It is part of George Mason University’s LIFE Program. To date, 150 congressional of-fices from the House and Senate have participated in this wonderful program. Mr. Speaker, Andy is a part of our team, and we look forward to the hours he spends with us each week. He quick-ly settled into the office, and he is al-ways in great spirits. Andy is hardworking and curious. He is interested in the projects the full- time staff are working on. He loves picking up the flags from the Capitol, and we are truly fortunate to have such a dedicated intern. I would like to thank Andy for his service and thank his employment as-sistant and the Congressional Intern-ship Program for Individuals with In-tellectual Disabilities for making this possible. 
f 
TRUMPCARE IS A PRESCRIPTION FOR DISASTER (Ms. M
CCOLLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, TrumpCare is a disaster for children, families, seniors, and people with dis-abilities. The bill we are considering today has been strong-armed through this House with no public hearings. Today as we vote, we don’t have an updated esti-mated cost from the Congressional Budget Office, but here is what we do know: Under TrumpCare, families will pay more for their insurance premiums and their deductibles. Under TrumpCare, older Americans will be forced to pay higher insurance premiums, five times higher than what others pay. Under TrumpCare, health care for vulnerable children, seniors, and people with disabilities will be rationed. Unbelievably, TrumpCare even at-tacks the solvency of Medicare. It will be weakened by giving big tax breaks to billionaires. TrumpCare was made even worse overnight. Now insurance companies will be able to sell policies that exclude basic health care like cancer screening and preventative care and even some hospitalizations. Mr. Speaker, this is not a healthcare bill. It is a prescription for disaster. I urge my colleagues to strongly oppose TrumpCare. f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT IS A WAY FORWARD (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, as we contemplate the American Health Care Act, here are a few things we do know: The Affordable Care Act, as it is called, has driven premiums for work-ing families up and up each year. There are fewer choices of plans, especially in rural America, and 8 million and rising people are choosing not to opt to be en-rolled at all, paying the penalty in-stead. Premiums will keep going up, as pro-jected. Even more will drop out, and more will pay the penalty instead. More will become uninsured. This death spiral is not choice; it is not an American value. Mr. Speaker, as the American Health Care Act moves forward, we know the Democrats will not be helpful, as they are clinging to the failing ACA at all costs. We know that middle-income families are begging us for relief and more choices. We know this bill rep-resents the best chance to achieve cost relief, actual choices, while also keep-ing the commitment under Medicaid to children in need with reauthorizing the bipartisan SCHIP later this year. More affordable options come about with unshackling what the ACA has wrought. It is this or that. Mr. Speaker, we must keep this dia-logue, this option, this bill, the Amer-ican Health Care Act, as a way forward to bring choices and relief to Ameri-cans who have worked for the Amer-ican Dream and are feeling like they are losing it. Let’s keep our pledge and help Presi-dent Trump keep his pledge by taking this one of three important steps with the American Health Care Act. 
f 
TAX CUTS FOR MILLIONAIRES (Mr. HASTINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I say good morning to America. This is not a health bill that we are readying ourselves to vote on. It is a tax bill for wealthy people. I just left the Committee on Rules. We started our session there at 7 this morning. I have in hand a closed rule that will allow for 4 hours of debate. Later on this afternoon, the Repub-licans will accomplish what they set out to do. The bill provides $274.9 billion in tax cuts for the highest income Americans. Over half of the tax cuts in the bill go to millionaires. In the year 2020, 61 per-cent of the cuts go to those earning more than a million dollars. At the same time, Republicans cut Medicaid by more than $880 billion. That is money for poor people that will not have those benefits. Republicans cut Medicaid by that amount for work-ing families. Donald Trump’s people and his Cabi-net will do very well. f 
AMERICA CAN DO BETTER (Mr. LEVIN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, this is the Republican bill: a trillion dollars in lost health care for millions; at the same time, a trillion dollars in tax breaks, mostly for the very wealthy and corporations. The Republican majority says their bill is to provide patient-centered health care, but for patients there is no healthcare center when there is no in-surance. The Republican bill robs millions of needed insurance for their health and, in many cases, would rob them of their life. The Republican plan would create death panels for numerous unknown Americans. This is not our America. America can do better. We must. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1628, AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017 Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–58) on the resolution (H. Res. 228) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1628) to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1628, AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 228 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.002 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2375 March 24, 2017 
H. R ES. 228 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 1628) to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to title II of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. The amendments specified in section 2 of this resolution shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amend-ed, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) four hours of debate equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget or their respective designees; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. The amendments referred to in the first section of this resolution are as follows: (a) The amendment printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution modified by the amendment printed in part B of that report. (b) The amendment printed in part C of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution modified by the amendments printed in part D and part E of that report. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ). The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), my friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. b0915 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this rule and the underlying legislation. This rule is a fair rule that ade-quately provides both sides of the aisle with ample time to debate the merits of the underlying legislation. In fact, the Rules Committee thought it was so important that ample time be provided to this debate, that we are provided 4 hours of general debate on the under-lying bill. Mr. Speaker, in honor of our former President, Ronald Reagan, I wear brown today. The former President, when he was President, believed that wearing brown was good luck to him and good luck for the things which he was undertaking. So, in honor of Ron-ald Reagan, I, too, wear my brown jacket today. Mr. Speaker, it has become abun-dantly clear that ObamaCare has failed the American people. Our Nation’s healthcare system today is broken and only getting worse under the current law, known as the Affordable Care Act, or ObamaCare. Simply put, ObamaCare is collapsing, and it is collapsing fast. Options and choices are disappearing for consumers, and an anticompetitive marketplace has been created that firmly harms pa-tients. How bad is it? Nearly one-third of all U.S. counties currently have only one insurer offering plans on their State’s exchanges. That is a government-cre-ated monopoly, Mr. Speaker, and that kills the free market, meaning no choices for the American people and higher costs are what the American consumer and the healthcare market are finding. And it is only continuing to get worse. As more and more insurers leave the marketplace, prices will continue to rise, forcing healthy individuals to make economic decisions not to pur-chase health care, creating a self-de-feating spiral of rising costs and less options. That is why we must act, and act today, which is what we are doing. It is no wonder that in such a govern-ment-controlled system that premiums have increased by an average of 25 per-cent on the ObamaCare exchanges this year alone. And it is no wonder that some 19.2 million taxpayers chose to outright pay the individual mandate penalty or claimed an exemption. What this means is that ObamaCare is not a good option to these 19.2 million peo-ple. Mr. Speaker, the American people, I believe, sent us to Washington, D.C., to fix this issue. They are telling us di-rectly: this must be fixed now. And people certainly outside of Washington resent the Federal Government telling them how to purchase health care and what that healthcare marketplace would look like. But we really do not have to tolerate this. We do not have to agree that we will accept the status quo. Mr. Speaker, I believe the American people are smart. I believe the Amer-ican people want independence, they love freedom, and they want to know that they can make their own choices, because they believe they make better choices than a one-size-fits-all plan out of Washington, D.C. What brings us here today, however, most assuredly, is a broken system. So, Republicans offer today H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act of 2017, which will eliminate Washington’s one- size-fits-all healthcare policy for the American people. It dismantles the dis-astrous ObamaCare taxes that are strangling the working middle class and diminishing America’s economic prowess. We will end this with the op-portunity to vote today to change the status quo. It eliminates the onerous employer and individual mandates. It prohibits health insurers from denying coverage and helps young adults access health care by getting back into the market-place while stabilizing and restoring the free market opportunities for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, the American people are counting on Washington getting it right this time. What does getting it right mean? Getting it right means giving them the opportunity to exit a bad system and to have a better chance at a new system. This rule provides House Republicans with the opportunity to restore exactly that—a better healthcare plan to pro-vide the middle class and low-income families who have been left behind on either side of the aisle, and it gives them an opportunity to have tax ad-vantages in the employer marketplace. Mr. Speaker, today, we will be dis-secting this into three separate areas. We will have Members of the Repub-lican majority here to explain that and the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), my friend, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, the majority is rushing to congratulate itself for finally having a bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act. For 7 years, Republicans had nothing to actually replace the law with, but that didn’t stop them from making one empty political promise after another. And after all that, what do we have in front of us today? This bill will take away health care from 24 million hard-working Americans. It forces families to pay higher premiums and deductibles, increasing out-of-pocket costs. It is a crushing age tax, forcing Americans age 50 to 64 to pay pre-miums five times higher than what others pay for health coverage, no mat-ter how healthy they are. Not to men-tion the $880 billion cut to Medicaid or the fact that it steals from Medicare, shortening the life of the Medicare trust fund by 3 years and ransacking funds that seniors depend on to get the long-term care they need. I don’t see anything there to be ex-cited about. But then again, I come from the old-fashioned school of thought that we should actually take care of our fellow citizens as they grow older, rather than tossing them off the ship without a life preserver. It is no wonder that after developing such an ill-conceived and far-reaching bill on the fly, the majority has had to try and jam this legislation through our Chamber. First, they rushed this bill through the committee process without holding a single hearing, and without the ben-efit of a nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office score outlining its costs and impacts. Then the majority came out of a back room somewhere and filed four managers’ amendments in the dark of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.002 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2376 March 24, 2017 
night to try to appease the conserv-ative and moderate holdouts, including the infamous Buffalo bribe. The Repub-lican leadership has been trying to strong-arm their conference into vot-ing for this bill all week, and nobody knows how today’s vote will go. The only thing we do know is that this is a terrible bill that is only getting worse, not better. This thing has been a mess from be-ginning to end. Now, I know our Presi-dent prides himself on his negotiating skills, but this seems more like the art of no deal to me, no matter what the final vote tally looks like. That brings us to this early morning, when we met at 7 a.m. in the Rules Committee to report out this rule, which rewrites the bill to make it far worse. Last night, we were presented with a provision, concocted in some back room, that boggles the mind with its cynicism. So what is this mysterious grand bargain that will appease the Re-publican Conference and finally buy Speaker R
YAN enough votes to pass this disaster of a bill? Well, Mr. Speak-er, it is so cartoonishly malicious that I can picture someone twirling their mustache as they drafted it in their se-cret Capitol lair last night. Republicans are killing the require-ments that insurance plans cover es-sential health benefits—essential health benefits. Now, perhaps you are wondering: What are these so-called es-sential benefits? Well, I will give you a partial list: emergency room trips, ma-ternity care, mental health care and substance abuse treatment, and pre-scription drugs. These are the types of exotic, extravagant benefits that Re-publicans apparently don’t think are important for working Americans to be able to afford. It would be literally unbelievable if we weren’t here considering it right now, Mr. Speaker. Now, I have been awake since before dawn—thanks to our Rules Committee meeting—so I know that this isn’t a nightmare. We are actually voting on a bill with a backroom deal, made in the dark of night, that would take away any guar-antee that plans would cover these basic essential benefits. And, of course, we have no idea what the costs will be or how many people it will affect. We can’t know those things until we get an analysis from the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office, which, obviously, we will not have be-fore we vote on this reckless legisla-tion. And that is the real problem. Because every time you come out of a back room, this bill gets worse. For the sake of our country, maybe we should con-sider putting locks on the back rooms you huddle in. President Trump keeps talking about crowd size. My colleagues across the aisle keep talking about page size. This morning, in the Rules Committee, Re-publicans kept saying that the fifth manager’s amendment is only 4 pages long. How bad could it be? Well, they need to stop worrying about size and pay more attention to how this bill will affect regular, work-ing Americans. These 4 pages are the worse 4 pages on this planet because of the terrible consequences it will have on real people. It will be devastating for millions and millions of Americans. So, Mr. Speaker, instead of rushing this horrendous bill, patched together with backroom deals, to the floor and voting on it just hours after seeing the final product, we should be working to-gether in a bipartisan way to improve people’s lives, and certainly not put-ting them at risk. My colleagues seem too concerned about winning at any cost to stop and think about the con-sequences for millions upon millions of Americans. This is a lousy bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from Lewisville, Texas (Mr. BURGESS ), a dis-tinguished member of the Rules Com-mittee, a gentleman who sits on both the Energy and Commerce and the Rules Committee. He is quite literally the most knowledgeable person on health care in the United States Con-gress. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we all know why we are here—the problems that exist within the Affordable Care Act. It is simply not working for the American people— limited choice, costs going up, and mil-lions without access to care. Unfortu-nately, these are not just talking points, but real issues affecting real Americans. The Affordable Care Act has damaged the individual market. It has driven in-surers away from offering coverage. Now, we are seeing one-third of all United States counties with only one insurer. And among the plans that have chosen to remain in the markets, there have been widespread, double- digit premium increases. The individual markets are a death spiral and are failing to live up to the promises made 7 years ago—that Amer-icans would be able to receive afford-able health care. As we knew then, and we know now, this was an empty prom-ise that has left an estimated 19.2 mil-lion Americans without coverage. What is worse, these individuals are forced to pay the individual mandate penalty or seek a hardship exemption because of the costs to purchase and use health insurance. Nine months ago, Mr. Speaker, we began our Better Way plan to save the Nation’s healthcare system and to bring relief to the American people. This plan, which served as the blue-print for the American Health Care Act, laid out the policies to stabilize the collapsing insurance markets and to repeal the more burdensome Afford-able Care Act taxes and mandates that have hindered innovation and limited access to care. So let’s take a look at what the American Health Care Act does. First and foremost, it provides imme-diate relief to the State insurance mar-kets. As Republicans, we know that one-size-fits-all works for no one and certainly did not work for the indi-vidual markets. The States should have the flexibility to support their in-surance markets and ensure that plans can continue to provide options for coverage. To do this, we relaxed two of the egregious market regulations that were imposed under the Affordable Care Act: the mandate that premiums cannot vary for younger and older Americans by more than a 3-to-1 ratio, and the mandate creating fixed actu-arial values for plans. The mandate limiting a plan’s ability to set premiums by age has driven up the cost for coverage for younger and healthier Americans and has pushed away those seeking coverage by the millions. Of the 19.2 million Americans who have sidestepped the individual mandate, it estimated that as many as 45 percent of these individuals are under the age of 35. Without these younger Americans seeking coverage, the markets have further plunged into death spirals, as insurers hike up pre-miums year after year. To change this, we are relaxing the ratio to 5-to-1. It will lower premium costs and provide necessary opportuni-ties to stabilize the markets. Additionally, we are repealing the ac-tuarial values mandate to provide in-surers with additional flexibility to offer more coverage options. b0930 To further supplement these efforts, we are establishing the Patient and State Stability Fund. This fund pro-vides States with $100 billion over 10 years to promote innovative solutions to lower cost and increase access to health care for unique patient popu-lations in each State. The goal is sim-ple: to provide States with maximum flexibility as to how they address the cost of care for their citizens. The Congressional Budget Office esti-mated that a combination of the Sta-bility Fund and other proposed changes to the market would reduce premiums by 10 percent by calendar year 2026. We all want patients to have access to high-quality, affordably priced cov-erage. The Patient and State Stability Fund can help to lower costs. In Medicaid, in addition to sup-porting the insurance market, the American Health Care Act provides needed reforms to the Medicaid pro-gram. Without changes, the Medicaid expansion alone is expected to cost $1 trillion over the next decade. Medicaid desperately needs reform so that States can continue to provide cov-erage to children, people with disabil-ities, and other vulnerable groups. To address these concerns, the Amer-ican Health Care Act first phases out the Medicaid expansion, the expansion that has crippled State budgets and limited States’ ability to ensure that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.007 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2377 March 24, 2017 
resources will continue to be available for those vulnerable populations. Additionally, our bill helps further bend the Medicaid cost curve by shift-ing programs toward per capita allot-ments. The per capita allotments, an idea that originated during the Clinton administration, will set limits on the annual cost for growth for per capita expenditures for which the States will receive matching funds from the Fed-eral Government. The American Health Care Act in-creases the amount of flexibility that States have in managing their Med-icaid programs. The bill scales back the Affordable Care Act mandates that have limited a State’s ability to tailor their plans to the needs of their bene-ficiaries. States can and should be trusted to manage the needs of their beneficiaries, and this bill allows States to do that. Additionally, the bill before us today furthers the goal of providing the States with greater flexibility in man-aging their Medicaid programs by pro-viding States with the option to imple-ment two additional opportunities: work requirement and block grants for Medicaid. This time around we chose to engage our State counterparts in the discus-sion and listen—listen—to their input as we designed this bill. At the top of their list were the desire to see the work requirement built in and the op-portunity to work with Medicaid as a block grant. We don’t tell them what to do. They are given the permission to do what they feel is best for their citizens. Re-publicans trust the States and trust the Governors and the elected leaders in those States. Finally, the American Health Care Act provides additional resources to bolster State safety net providers. The bill provides increases in the commu-nity health center funding, offers en-hanced funding to support safety net providers in States that did not expand Medicaid, and ends the cuts to the dis-proportionate share hospital payments. We are committed, Mr. Speaker, to ensuring that our local providers can continue to deliver lifesaving care. The American Health Care Act turns this commitment into action. For millions of Americans in rural and medically underserved areas, these actions will provide needed relief that was undercut by the Affordable Care Act. Let me just say, Mr. Speaker, it has been an interesting process. We had a 27
1⁄2-hour markup in the Energy and Commerce Committee. We have had over 15 or 16 hours in the Rules Com-mittee. This bill has been almost talked to death. I want to just ac-knowledge that I appreciate the input of the administration. I appreciate the fact that the directive to us last night was to put our pencils down and turn our papers in. It is time, Mr. Speaker. This is a good bill. The rule deserves our support. The underlying bill de-serves our support. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter from the AARP; a letter from the National Rural Health Association; a letter from the American Society of Addiction Medicine; and a letter from the Amer-ican Medical Association—all strongly opposed to the Republican bill. 
AARP, March 7, 2017. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. R
ICHARD NEAL, Ranking Member, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMEN AND RANKING MEMBERS : AARP, with its nearly 38 million members in all 50 States and the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and U.S. Virgin Islands, is a nonpartisan, nonprofit, nationwide organiza-tion that helps people turn their goals and dreams into real possibilities, strengthens communities and fights for the issues that matter most to consumers and families such as healthcare, employment and income secu-rity, retirement planning, affordable utili-ties and protection from financial abuse. We write today to express our opposition to the American Health Care Act. This bill would weaken Medicare’s fiscal sustain-ability, dramatically increase health care costs for Americans aged 50–64, and put at risk the health care of millions of children and adults with disabilities, and poor seniors who depend on the Medicaid program for long-term services and supports and other benefits. 
MEDICARE  Our members and older Americans believe that Medicare must be protected and strengthened for today’s seniors and future generations. We strongly oppose any changes to current law that could result in cuts to benefits, increased costs, or reduced cov-erage for older Americans. According to the 2016 Medicare Trustees report, the Medicare Part A Trust Fund is solvent until 2028 (11 years longer than pre-Affordable Care Act (ACA)), due in large part to changes made in the ACA. We have serious concerns that the American Health Care Act repeals provisions in current law that have strengthened Medi-care’s fiscal outlook, specifically, the repeal of the additional 0.9 percent payroll tax on higher-income workers. Repealing this provi-sion could hasten the insolvency of Medicare by up to 4 years and diminish Medicare’s ability to pay for services in the future. 
PRESCRIPTION DRUGS  Older Americans use prescription drugs more than any other segment of the U.S. population, typically on a chronic basis. We are pleased that the bill does not repeal the Medicare Part D coverage gap (‘‘donut hole’’) protections created under the ACA. Since the enactment of the law, more than 11.8 million Medicare beneficiaries have saved over $26.8 billion on prescription drugs. We do have strong concerns that the American Health Care Act repeals the fee on manufac-turers and importers of branded prescription drugs, which currently is projected to add $25 billion to the Part B trust fund between 2017 and 2026. AARP believes Congress must do more to reduce the burden of high prescrip-tion drug costs on consumers and taxpayers and is willing to work with you on bipartisan solutions. INDIVIDUAL PRIVATE INSURANCE MARKET  About 6.1 million older Americans age 50– 64 currently purchase insurance in the non- group market, and nearly 3.2 million are cur-rently eligible to receive subsidies for health insurance coverage through either the fed-eral health benefits exchange or a state- based exchange (exchange). We have seen a significant reduction in the number of unin-sured since passage of the ACA, with the number of 50–64 year old Americans who are uninsured dropping by half. Affordability of both premiums and cost- sharing is critical to older Americans and their ability to obtain and access health care. A typical senior seeking coverage through an exchange has a median annual income of under $25,000 and already pays sig-nificant out-of-pocket costs for health care. We have serious concerns that the bill under consideration will dramatically increase health care costs for 50–64 year olds who pur-chase health care through an exchange due both to the changes in age rating from 3:1 (already a compromise that requires unin-sured older Americans to pay three times more than younger individuals) to 5:1 and re-ductions in current subsidies for older Amer-icans. Age rating plus premium increases equal an unaffordable age tax. Our previous esti-mates on the age-rating change showed that premiums for current coverage could in-crease by up to $3,200 for a 64-year-old, while reducing premiums by only about $700 for a younger enrollee. Significant premium in-creases for older consumers will make insur-ance less affordable, will not address their expressed concern of rising premiums, and will only encourage a small increase in en-rollment numbers for younger persons. In ad-dition, the bill proposes to change current subsidies based on income and premium lev-els to a flatter tax credit. The change in structure will dramatically increase pre-miums for older consumers. We estimate that the bill’s changes to current law’s tax credits could increase premium costs for a 55-year-old earning $25,000 by more than $2,300 a year. For a 64-year-old earning $25,000 that increase rises to more than $4,400 a year, and more than $5,800 for a 64-year-old earning $15,000. When we examined the im-pact of both the tax credit changes and 5:1 age rating, our estimates find that, taken to-gether, premiums for older adults could in-crease by as much as $3,600 for a 55-year-old earning $25,000 a year, $7,000 for a 64-year-old earning $25,000 a year and up to $8,400 for a 64-year-old earning $15,000 a year. In addition to these skyrocketing premiums, out-of- pocket costs could significantly increase under the bill with the elimination of cost sharing assistance in current law. The cost sharing assistance has provided relief on out- of-pocket costs (like deductibles and certain benefits) for low-income individuals who are some of the most financially vulnerable mar-ketplace participants. 
MEDICAID AND LONG -TERM SERVICES AND  
SUPPORTS  AARP opposes the provisions of the Amer-ican Health Care Act that create a per capita cap financing structure in the Medicaid pro-gram. We are concerned that these provi-sions could endanger the health, safety, and care of millions of individuals who depend on the essential services provided through Med-icaid. Medicaid is a vital safety net and in-tergenerational lifeline for millions of indi-viduals, including over 17.4 million low-in-come seniors and children and adults with disabilities who rely on the program for crit-ical health care and long-term services and supports (LTSS, i.e., assistance with daily 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.009 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2378 March 24, 2017 
activities such as eating, bathing, dressing, managing medications, and transportation). Of these 17.4 million individuals: 6.9 mil-lion are ages 65 and older (which equals more than 1 in every 7 elderly Medicare bene-ficiaries); 10.5 million are children and adults living with disabilities; and about 10.8 mil-lion are so poor or have a disability that they qualify for both Medicare and Medicaid (dual eligibles). Dual eligibles account for al-most 33 percent of Medicaid spending. While they comprise a relatively small percentage of enrollees, they account for a dispropor-tionate share of total Medicare and Medicaid spending. Individuals with disabilities of all ages and older adults rely on critical Medicaid serv-ices, including home and community based services (HCBS) for assistance with daily ac-tivities such as eating, bathing, dressing, and home modifications; nursing home care; and other benefits such as hearing aids and eyeglasses. People with disabilities of all ages also rely on Medicaid for access to com-prehensive acute health care services. For working adults, Medicaid can help them con-tinue to work; for children, it allows them to stay with their families and receive the help they need at home or in their community. Individuals may have low incomes, face high medical costs, or already spent through their resources paying out-of-pocket for LTSS, and need these critical services. For these in-dividuals, Medicaid is a program of last re-sort. In providing a fixed amount of federal funding per person, this approach to financ-ing would likely result in overwhelming cost shifts to states, state taxpayers, and families unable to shoulder the costs of care without sufficient federal support. This would result in cuts to program eligibility, services, or both—ultimately harming some of our na-tion’s most vulnerable citizens. In terms of seniors, we have serious concerns about set-ting caps at a time when per-beneficiary spending for poor seniors is likely to in-crease in future years. By 2026, when Boomers start to turn age 80 and older, they will likely need much higher levels of serv-ice—including HCBS and nursing home— moving them into the highest cost group of all seniors. As this group continues to age, their level of need will increase as well as their overall costs. We are also concerned that caps will not accurately reflect the cost of care for individuals in each state, includ-ing for children and adults with disabilities and seniors, especially those living with the most severe disabling conditions. AARP is also opposed to the repeal of the six percent enhanced federal Medicaid match for states that take up the Community First Choice (CFC) Option. CFC provides states with a financial incentive to offer HCBS to help older adults and people with disabilities live in their homes and communities where they want to be. About 90 percent of older adults want to remain in their own homes and communities for as long as possible. HCBS are also cost effective. On average, in Medicaid, the cost of HCBS per person is one- third the cost of institutional care. Taking away the enhanced match could disrupt serv-ices for older adults and people with disabil-ities in the states that are already providing services under CFC. AARP has concerns with the removal of the state option in Medicaid to increase the home equity limit above the federal min-imum. This takes away flexibility for states to adjust a Medicaid eligibility criterion based on the specific circumstances of each state and its residents beyond a federal min-imum standard. Although we cannot support the American Health Care Act, we are pleased that the bill does not repeal some of the critical con-sumer protections included in the Affordable Care Act, such as guaranteed issue, prohibi-tions on preexisting condition exclusions, bans on annual and lifetime coverage limits and allowing families to keep children on their policies until the age of 26. Also, AARP does support restoring the 7.5 percent thresh-old for the medical expense deduction which will directly help older Americans struggling to pay for health care, particularly the high cost of nursing homes and other long-term services and supports. We look forward to working with you to ensure that we maintain a strong health care system that ensures robust insurance mar-ket protections, controls costs, improves quality, and provides affordable coverage to all Americans. Sincerely, J
OYCE A. R OGERS , Senior Vice President, Government Affairs. 
VOTENO TO THE AMERICAN HEALTH CAREACT The National Rural Health Association urges a NO vote on the American Health Care Act (AHCA). Rural Americans are older, poorer and sicker than other populations. In fact, a Jan-uary 2017 CDC report pronounced that life expectancies for rural Americans have de-clined and the top five chronic diseases are worse in rural America. The AHCA does nothing to improve the health care crisis in rural America, and will lead to poorer rural health outcomes, more uninsured and an in-crease in the rural hospital closure crisis. Though some provisions in the modified AHCA bill will improve the base bill, includ-ing increased tax credits for Americans be-tween the ages of 50 and 64 who would have seen their premiums skyrocket under the current plan, the National Rural Health As-sociation is concerned that the bill still falls woefully short in improving access and af-fordability of health care for rural Ameri-cans. Additionally, the new amendments to freeze Medicaid expansion enrollment as of Jan. 1, 2018, and reduce the Medicaid per-cap-ita growth rate will disproportionately harm rural America. The AHCA will hurt vulnerable popu-lations in rural Americans, leaving millions of the sickest, most underserved populations in our nation without coverage, and further escalating the rural hospital closure crisis. According to the Wall Street Journal, the ‘‘GOP health plan would hit rural areas hard . . . Poor, older Americans would see the largest increase in insurance-coverage costs.’’ The LA Times reports ‘‘Americans who swept President Trump to victory— lower-income, older voters in conservative, rural parts of the country—stand to lose the most in federal healthcare aid under a Re-publican plan to repeal and replace the Af-fordable Care Act.’’ Let’s be clear—many provisions in the ACA failed rural America. The lack of plan competition in rural markets, exorbitant premiums, deductibles and co-pays, the co-op collapses, lack of Medicaid expansion, and devastating Medicare cuts to rural pro-viders—all collided to create a health care crisis in rural America. However, it’s beyond frustrating that an opportunity to fix these problems is squandered, and instead, a great-er health care crisis will be created in rural America. Congress has long recognized the impor-tance of the rural health care safety net and has steadfastly worked to protect it. And now, much of the protections created to maintain access to care for the 62 million who live in rural America are in jeopardy. We implore Congress to continue its fight to protect rural patients’ access to care. Three improvements are critical for rural patients and providers: 1. Medicaid—Though most rural residents are in non-expansion states, a higher propor-tion of rural residents are covered by Med-icaid (21% vs. 16%). Congress and the states have long recog-nized that rural is different and thus re-quires different programs to succeed. Rural payment programs for hospitals and pro-viders are not ‘bonus’ payments, but rather alternative, cost-effective and targeted pay-ment formulas that maintain access to care for millions of rural patients and financial stability for thousands of rural providers across the country. Any federal health care reform must protect a state’s ability to pro-tect its rural safety net providers. The fed-eral government must not abdicate its moral, legal, and financial responsibilities to rural, Medicaid eligible populations by en-suring access to care. Any federal health care reform proposal must protect access to care in Rural Amer-ica, and must provide an option to a state to receive an enhanced reimbursement included in a matching rate or a per capita cap, spe-cifically targeted to create stability among rural providers to maintain access to care for rural communities. Enhancements must be equivalent to the cost of providing care for rural safety net providers, a safeguard that ensures the enhanced reimbursement is provided to the safety net provider to allow for continued access to care. Rural safety net providers include, but not limited to, Critical Access Hospitals, Rural Prospective Payment Hospitals, Rural Health Clinics, In-dian Health Service providers, and individual rural providers. 2. Market Reform—Forty-one percent of rural marketplace enrollees have only a sin-gle option of insurer, representing 70 percent of counties that have only one option. This lack of competition in the marketplace means higher premiums. Rural residents av-erage per month cost exceeds urban ($569.34 for small town rural vs. $415.85 for metropoli-tan). Rural Americans are more likely to have obesity, diabetes, cancer, and traumatic in-jury; they are more likely to participate in high risk health behaviors including smok-ing, poor diet, physical inactivity, and sub-stance abuse. Rural Americans are more likely to be uninsured or underinsured and less likely to receive employer sponsored health insurance. Rural communities have fewer health care providers for insurers to contract with to provide an adequate net-work to serve the community. Any federal health care reform proposal must address the fact that insurance pro-viders are withdrawing from rural markets. Despite record profit levels, insurance com-panies are permitted to cherry pick profit-able markets for participation and are cur-rently not obliged to provide service to mar-kets with less advantageous risk pools. De-mographic realities of the rural population make the market less profitable, and thus less desirable for an insurance company with no incentive to take on such exposure. In the same way that financial service institutions are required to provide services to under-served neighborhoods, profitable insurance companies should be required to provide services in underserved communities. 3. Stop Bad Debt Cuts to Rural Hospitals— Rural hospitals serve more Medicare pa-tients (46% rural vs. 40.9% urban), thus across-the-board Medicare cuts do not have across the board impacts. A goal of the ACA was to have hospital bad debt decrease sig-nificantly. However, because of unaffordable health plans in rural areas, rural patients still cannot afford health care. Bad debt among rural hospitals has actually increased 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.004 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2379 March 24, 2017 
50% since the ACA was passed. According to MedPAC ‘‘Average Medicare margins are negative, and under current law they are ex-pected to decline in 2016’’ has led to 7% gains in median profit margins for urban providers while rural providers have experienced a me-dian loss of 6%. If Congress does not act, all the decades of efforts to protect rural patients’ access to care, could rapidly be undone. The National Rural Health Association implores Congress to act now to protect rural health care across the nation. 
AMERICAN SOCIETY OF  A
DDICTION MEDICINE , Rockville, MD, March 8, 2017. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ICHARD NEAL, Ranking Member, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY , CHAIRMAN WALDEN , R
ANKING MEMBER NEAL AND RANKING MEM-
BERPALLONE : On behalf of the American So-ciety of Addiction Medicine (ASAM), the na-tion’s oldest and largest medical specialty society representing more than 4,300 physi-cians and allied health professionals who specialize in the treatment of addiction, I am writing to share our views on the Amer-ican Health Care Act (AHCA) that is being considered by the Ways and Means and En-ergy and Commerce committees. ASAM is very concerned that the AHCA’s proposed changes to our health care system will result in reductions in health care cov-erage, particularly for vulnerable popu-lations including those suffering from the chronic disease of addiction, and we cannot support the bill in its current form. More than 20 million Americans currently have health care coverage due to the Afford-able Care Act (ACA), including millions of Americans with addiction. This coverage is a critical lifeline for persons with addiction, many of whom were unable to access effec-tive treatment before the ACA’s expansion of Medicaid eligibility to low-income adults, and its requirement that Medicaid expansion plans and plans sold in the individual and small group market provide essential health benefits (EHB) including addiction treat-ment services at parity with medical and surgical services. We are concerned that rolling back the Medicaid expansion, sunsetting the EHB re-quirements for Medicaid expansion plans, and capping federal support for Medicaid beneficiaries will reduce coverage for and ac-cess to addiction treatment services, changes that will be particularly painful in the midst of the ongoing opioid epidemic. Moreover, while the AHCA retains the EHB require-ments for private plans, it repeals the ACA’s actuarial value requirements for those plans. We are concerned that this could result in insurers offering addiction treatment bene-fits in name only due to higher costs and/or less robust benefits. The Medicaid expansion in particular has led to significant increases in coverage and treatment access for persons with addiction. In states that expanded Medicaid, the share of people with addiction or mental illness who were hospitalized but uninsured fell from about 20 percent in 2013 to 5 percent by mid-2015 and Medicaid expansion has been as-sociated with an 18.3 percent reduction in unmet need for addiction treatment services among low-income adults. Rolling back the Medicaid expansion and fundamentally changing Medicaid’s financing structure to cap spending on health care services will cer-tainly reduce access to evidence-based addic-tion treatment and reverse much or all progress made on the opioid crisis last year. To be sure, ASAM supports flexibility in the Medicaid program and has supported sev-eral states’ applications for 1115 waivers to transform their addiction treatment systems to offer all levels of care described by The ASAM Criteria; Treatment Criteria for Ad-dictive, Substance-Related, and Co-Occur-ring Conditions. However, ASAM has seen for decades how states underfund addiction treatment services and waste federal dollars on inefficient and ineffective care when they are left to decide how to manage their fed-eral Medicaid dollars without mandates for parity and accountability to cover appro-priate care. Based on this experience, we commended the Congress for requiring ac-countability for the $1 billion in funding sent to the states to combat the opioid epidemic authorized by 21st Century Cures. This fund-ing is an additional lifeline to suffering com-munities, but it will come to an end while patients will continue to need treatment for the chronic disease of addiction. When it does, the Medicaid program must continue to fund appropriate addiction treatment at par-ity with medical and surgical services. ASAM has long advocated for broad access to high-quality, evidence-based, individual-ized and compassionate treatment services for persons suffering from the chronic dis-ease of addiction. The critical need for ac-cess to this type of care has been heightened and highlighted by our nation’s ongoing epi-demic of opioid addiction and related over-dose deaths. The ACA’s Medicaid expansion, EHB requirements for addiction treatment coverage, and extension of parity protections to the individual and small group market have surely reduced the burden of this epi-demic and saved lives. As you consider this legislation, we hope that parity protections will continue to apply individual, small and large group plans as well as Medicaid plans through the transition. Finally, throughout this process, we implore you to keep in mind how your decisions will affect the millions of Americans suffering from addiction who may lose their health care coverage entirely or see reductions in benefits that impede access to needed treatment. Sincerely, R. J
EFFREY GOLDSMITH , MD, DLFAPA, DFASAM, President, American Society of Addiction Medicine. 
AMERICAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION , Chicago, IL, March 22, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : Due to projections that enactment of the American Health Care Act (AHCA) will re-sult in millions of Americans losing health insurance coverage, the American Medical Association (AMA) must express our opposi-tion to the proposal currently before the House of Representatives. The need to sta-bilize the individual insurance market and make other improvements in the Affordable Care Act is well understood. However, as physicians, we also know that individuals who lack health insurance coverage live sicker and die younger than those with ade-quate coverage. We encourage all members of Congress to engage in an inclusive and thorough dialogue on appropriate remedies. We cannot, however, support legislation that would leave health insurance coverage fur-ther out of reach for millions of Americans. Earlier this year, we shared with Congress key health reform objectives that we believe are critical to improving the health of the nation. Among these objectives are ensuring that those currently covered do not lose their coverage, maintaining market reforms, stabilizing and strengthening the individual insurance market, ensuring that low and moderate-income patients are able to secure affordable and adequate coverage, and ensur-ing that Medicaid and other critical safety net programs are maintained and adequately funded. While we appreciate that the bill’s authors have made efforts to maintain some market reforms and that regulatory efforts are underway to strengthen the individual insurance market, as a whole the legislation falls short of the principles we previously outlined. Health insurance coverage is critically im-portant. Without it, millions of American families could be just one serious illness or accident away from losing their home, busi-ness, or life savings. The AMA has long sup-ported the availability of advanceable and refundable tax credits, inversely related to income, as a means to assist individuals and families to purchase health insurance. The credits proposed under the AHCA are signifi-cantly less generous for those with the greatest need than provided under current law. The reduced purchasing power with the AHCA tax credits will put insurance cov-erage out of reach for millions of Americans. We also remain deeply concerned with the reduction of federal support for the Medicaid program and the resulting significant loss of coverage. Medicaid expansion has provided access to critical services, including mental health and substance abuse treatment, for millions. Not only will the AHCA force many states to roll back coverage to these millions of previously ineligible individuals, but the significant reduction in federal support for the program will inevitably have serious im-plications for all Medicaid beneficiaries, in-cluding the elderly, disabled, children, and pregnant women, as well. We also continue to be concerned about provisions that eliminate important invest-ments in public health, and those that inap-propriately insert the federal government into personal decisions about where Ameri-cans are allowed to access covered health care services. We continue to stand ready to work with Congress on proposals that will increase the number of Americans with quality, afford-able health insurance coverage but for the reasons cited above, urge members to oppose the American Health Care Act. Sincerely, JAMES L. M ADARA , MD. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say to my colleague from Texas, he said this bill was talked to death. It was talked to death by politi-cians. There were no hearings on this bill, so no experts came to testify, and none of these people who are now writ-ing to us in opposition had the oppor-tunity to be able to come before us and tell us how awful this bill is. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
AS-
TINGS ), a distinguished member of the Rules Committee. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, today is a sad day for this institution. Why are we here? Well, after 13 hours at the Rules Committee on Wednesday, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.005 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2380 March 24, 2017 
did we report to the floor the Repub-licans’ replacement to the Affordable Care Act? No. And why not? Because the legislation was not extreme enough. It didn’t hurt enough people. It didn’t make enough people uninsured. It didn’t give a large enough tax break to the wealthiest among us. That 13-hour exercise yielded nothing except to reveal the callous depths of the Republican Party’s attempt to de-prive health care from 24 million peo-ple. So after my friends on the other side of the aisle added yet another man-ager’s amendment, bringing the total to five, and after stripping away essen-tial health benefits, we are here this morning to push this extreme, dan-gerous, and callous bill under martial law. But why are we really here? Is this bill actually about improving health care in this country? By my esti-mation, and by the analysis of vir-tually every healthcare group—Mr. M
CGOVERN has introduced some of them: hospitals, medical organizations, and the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office—the answer is a flat-out, resounding no. Premiums are going to rise. Millions upon millions of people will lose health coverage. Essential benefits will be stripped away, and 400 of the wealthi-est Americans will get a substantial tax cut, while Medicaid is being cut by $880 billion. Mr. Speaker, during that 13-hour marathon meeting that yielded noth-ing but a rule allowing Republicans to continue to ram this measure through Congress, I quoted from Scripture, from the King James Bible, Matthew 25:45. It says: 
Then shall He answer them, saying, Verily, I say unto you, inasmuch as you did it not to one of the least of these, you did it not to me. 
My friends on the other side of the aisle often cite Scripture in their legis-lative motivations. I ask them now: How does cutting the benefits from the least among us, while showering more wealth upon the wealthiest among us, square with these teachings? In addition, Mr. Speaker, I noted to them that we hear from them all the time about liberty. So I noted that, in the Preamble to the Constitution, the document that guides our great Nation and that we all swear an oath to up-hold, that we are entrusted to also, and I quote from the Preamble, ‘‘promote the general welfare.’’ I also note for you that this charge is placed before the first mention of the word ‘‘lib-erty.’’ Does stripping away of essential health benefits, which include mater-nity and newborn care, pediatric serv-ices, and emergency services, promote the general welfare? Does cutting $880 billion from Med-icaid promote the general welfare? Does ensuring that, by 2026, 56 mil-lion people under the age of 64 will be left without coverage promote general welfare? Finally, Mr. Speaker, in the debate at committee on this shameful bill, I answered the Republican charge that this bill was about freedom when I quoted a verse from Janis Joplin’s ‘‘Me and Bobby McGee.’’ What she was say-ing is: ‘‘Freedom’s just another word for nothin’ left to lose.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Florida. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, if this extreme bill becomes law, a bill which has been rushed through Congress, amended without care, brought before us without hearings, without a CBO score, without thoughtful consider-ation, without a Democratic amend-ment being approved, and without a clue, I fear—indeed, I know—that the American people will find themselves with nothing left to lose when it comes to their and their family’s health care, which is the most perverse and wretch-ed kind of freedom as you may have ever seen. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Flor-ida very much. In fact, the gentleman is correct. We had an opportunity to quote the Bible, Janis Joplin, and ZZ Top when we were doing our hearings. We had so much time with each other, and I enjoyed the hours and hours that we had to debate these essential items. But the other side of the story is es-sential health benefits are not being done away with. They are being trans-ferred entirely to States. States have asked for the ability to manage their own money, and manage their own peo-ple’s benefits of what would be required in the States. So in no way should a person take away, well, we just did away with it. In fact, we transferred the authority and the responsibility of essential health benefits to the States because Governors have been asking for this. Mr. Speaker, I want to take just a moment to explain what I believe is at the heart of the legislation and really, in reality, the key to fixing health care. It is the second part of this. We heard the gentleman from Lewisville, Texas, Dr. B
URGESS , speak about the Energy and Commerce por-tions. I now would like to take a minute to talk about the portions that come directly out of the Ways and Means Committee. The gentleman, Mr. B
RADY , from The Woodlands, Texas, today, spoke about many of these; but at the heart of it, 170 million Americans currently re-ceive their health care through an em-ployee-employer tax advantage or tax benefits, an untaxed benefit whereby people who have an employer who can provide their health care, it is not taxed—pretaxed to the employee, al-lowing them to have a good healthcare system. Well, all the while, millions of Americans pay higher premiums out of their pockets in the individual market. Those are people that do not have an employer who is able to help them. So that is not fair. That does not help these people. What we are doing here is putting to-gether an addition of, really, a great Republican idea; and it takes the im-portant step to provide the same tax- free benefits for those employer-spon-sored plans that we will give to regular employees, and it is called a tax credit. This tax credit is going to work be-cause it allows every single American that does not receive the tax benefit at work to get it for themselves. Who is this? Well, quite honestly, it is small-business owners; it is low-in-come workers; it is entrepreneurs. It includes, really, a lot of real estate agents and people that work for a small business, maybe heating and air- conditioning systems like we have all across this country. It will give their families an opportunity. How much money? Well, we will pro-vide them between $2,000 and $14,000 a year for their families to be able to have these opportunities to purchase a nongovernment healthcare plan, mean-ing that, as they would go to the mar-ketplace, we are going to help these people through a tax credit available January 1, providing them with an op-portunity to purchase health care on a benefit basis. Why is this important? It saves money because what it does, it creates two things: a family then has an insur-ance plan, including a healthcare com-ponent that goes to the hospitaliza-tion; and secondly, it gives them an op-portunity to have their own doctor or healthcare plan that they choose. This is important because many of these people end up in the hospital in the most expensive kind of way we can pro-vide health care: at the emergency room. So this gives these families parity in the marketplace. We believe that that is important and is another part of this Republican healthcare plan. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I hear my friend talking about what came out of the Ways and Means Committee. I will tell you what came out of Ways and Means Committee: a $1 trillion tax cut for the wealthy. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), a distinguished member of the Rules Committee. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, look, first of all, this rather outrageous Repub-lican healthcare bill still will cost 24 million Americans their healthcare in-surance; and if you are lucky enough not to be one of those 24 million Ameri-cans, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the head of which was appointed by a Republican, says it will also increase the cost by 15 or 20 per-cent for those who are lucky enough to keep their insurance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.010 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2381 March 24, 2017 
In addition to that, it has a crushing age tax that forces people aged 50 to 64 to pay premiums five times higher than what other Americans pay for health care. As if that age tax wasn’t enough, in this new amendment, which most of us only saw for the first time at 6:30 this morning, they increased the Medicare tax for another 5 years by 1 percent, so Americans will have to pay even more in taxes. The last manager’s amendment, which we just got the information on, actually would increase the deficit by over $150 billion more than their origi-nal bill, somehow without covering even one additional American. b0945 So what is going on here? They are creating a bill that has more taxes with this manager’s amend-ment, creating a bill that costs the American people more and reduces the deficit more, and then pawns off the hard decisions to the States, without giving them enough to maintain the es-sential benefits that Americans rely on, like prescription drugs, rehabilita-tive care, and mental health services. They are not giving the States enough money to maintain those. And then they are saying: But you, States, be the bad guys and you guys make the cut so we in Washington can pat our-selves on the back and look good, even while we increase the deficit by more than $150 billion more than the original healthcare bill that was introduced last week and even though we maintain the age tax that forces people between the age of 50 and 64 to pay up to five times more than other Americans. This is simply the wrong way to go. Sometimes you need to reboot, restart, get together, look at real ideas that Democrats and Republicans have put on the table to reduce costs and expand coverage. That is what this discussion should be about. Yet, to do that, we need to defeat this rule now and go back to the starting point. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. B
YRNE ), a distinguished member of the Rules Committee. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, 7 years ago yesterday, the Affordable Care Act, or ObamaCare, became law. Since then, this law has resulted in canceled plans, higher premiums, fewer choices, in-creased deductibles, and less freedom for the American people. Don’t just take my word for it. Former Democratic President Bill Clinton said this about ObamaCare: ‘‘ . . . the people who are out there busting it, sometimes 60 hours a week, wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in half, and it’s the craziest thing in the world.’’ I tend to agree with President Clin-ton on this. ObamaCare is crazy. But for far too many Americans, it is the crazy reality they face every day. So today is about a rescue mission. Today is about bringing relief to the families who are struggling under this failed law. Today it is about passing the American Health Care Act. ObamaCare is on a collision course with disaster. If Congress were to sit back and do nothing, ObamaCare would implode. This would leave millions of Americans with no insurance and the overall insurance market in a dan-gerous condition for the rest of us. So Congress must act. That is where the American Health Care Act comes into play. This bill re-peals ObamaCare along with its costly taxes and burdensome mandates. By doing this, we can lower premiums for hardworking Americans. Most importantly, this bill gives Americans the freedoms, choices, and control they desperately want and de-serve. So, Mr. Speaker, the vote today is for the family in Monroeville who can’t af-ford their premiums. The vote is for the small-business owner in Daphne who had his plan canceled. The vote is for the mother in Mobile whose deduct-ible is too high. The vote is for the peo-ple in southwest Alabama and across all of America who are struggling under ObamaCare. This is our chance. This is the bill. We have got to get this done. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would respond to the gentleman from Alabama with the words of another Alabama Member, Congressman M
O B
ROOKS , who this morning said: 
This is one of the worst bills I’ve seen in my 30 years in Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
IL-
DEE). Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, today is the day. In hearing my friends on the other side of the aisle describe their ef-forts to improve health care, I just wonder if we have the right bill on the floor. Because looking at all the exter-nal analysis—the CBO, which I know you want to discount, but there are many other organizations—what do they say about this legislation? It is a terrible bill. It increases costs that Americans will bear. Despite the fact that we hear about decreasing pre-miums, all the reports say that this will increase premiums and increase out-of-pocket costs that Americans will have to put out in order to protect themselves from disease. It will provide less coverage. Twenty- four million Americans will lose cov-erage. But even for those who might be able to have health insurance without essential benefits assured, that will just be a health insurance card, but not access to an emergency room, not ac-cess to maternal care, not access to prescription drugs, not access to hos-pitalization. Basically you will be able to get diagnosed, but you won’t get health care. 
This is a terrible bill. We ought to reject it today. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. W
OODALL ), who will be describ-ing the third piece of this, and that is the putting together of the piece from the Budget Committee. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate all the hard work the Rules Com-mittee chairman has done in this bill. Mr. Speaker, I have the great pleasure of serving on the Rules Committee, but I am the designee to the Budget Com-mittee. This whole process that we are going through is a Budget Committee proc-ess. It is called reconciliation. And as folks have talked about it, they have talked about what the Ways and Means Committee has done and what the En-ergy and Commerce Committee did. But then those two bills come together in the Budget Committee, and we move the process forward. I can’t help but notice my colleagues’ frustration with the amendments that have been made to this bill along the way. Generally, we celebrate amend-ments that are made along the way be-cause they improve the work product. We do them together. I point here, Mr. Speaker, to a tweet that the President sent out the day the healthcare bill was introduced. The President said: ‘‘Our wonderful new HealthCare Bill is now out for review and negotiation.’’ And that was true. It was out for re-view so everyone could read it, and it was out for negotiation so that every-one could improve it. We did that in the Budget Com-mittee. We had four motions to in-struct that passed in the Budget Com-mittee to provide Medicaid flexibility, to make sure the tax credits were tar-geted to the right populations, to en-sure that able-bodied, working Ameri-cans had those incentives to both get health care and be able to go back to work. Now, every committee didn’t have that experience. As my colleagues have asked for a bipartisan process, you will remember that the Energy and Com-merce Committee spent 10 hours debat-ing the title of the bill. They spent 10 hours debating Democratic amend-ments to change the title of the bill. Folks, we have opportunity after op-portunity to make things better, but it is incumbent upon us to choose that opportunity to make things better. So often we get wrapped around the partisan action. Folks let that oppor-tunity slip away. I am glad that we didn’t do that. Mr. Speaker, when I talk about what we did in the Budget Committee to make it better, I am talking about fo-cusing on the real problems. There is not a member in this body that doesn’t understand that what is contributing to the ObamaCare death spiral is that young people are not enrolling. Young people are not enrolling. More Americans rejected ObamaCare and filed for an exemption or agreed to pay the penalty than enrolled in ObamaCare. I don’t care how big your heart was when you passed the bill, you have to concede that wasn’t what you intended. And we can do better. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.011 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2382 March 24, 2017 
My friends are talking about the es-sential health benefits plan today. Young people are particularly sensitive to that. They are price sensitive in that way. We are talking in the Budget Committee about how to preserve that flexibility for States to design plans that are right for them. How many times today have we heard folks say that prices are going to increase for Americans between the age of 54 and 64? I have heard it at least a dozen times. At the same time, my friends are de-manding that every healthcare plan in the State of Georgia cover maternity benefits for those women between the age of 54 and 64. At the same time, my friends are demanding that every plan in Georgia cover pediatric benefits for those empty nesters between 54 and 64. That doesn’t make sense. It doesn’t make sense. We in Georgia know it doesn’t make sense, and we can do bet-ter. Mr. Speaker, 45 percent of the almost 20 million people who rejected the Af-fordable Care Act and agreed to pay the fine or file an exemption instead were under the age of 35. There is not a serious thinker in this room who be-lieves we can solve the insurance crisis in this country without getting these folks back into the marketplace. And that is what we did in the Budget Com-mittee. That is what we have done throughout this entire amendment process, and that is what the amend-ments we considered in the Rules Com-mittee this morning did as well. Mr. Speaker, since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, many States have had to pass a lot of legislation in order to conform their plans to new one-size- fits-all Federal mandates. But that is not the story. The story is that, at the same time, States were passing their own benefit mandates to serve their constituency better. Mr. Speaker, Chairman S
ESSION ’s State of Texas passed a mandate that orally administered anticancer medica-tion be covered. The gentleman from Texas has seen those groups in his of-fice. He has seen those families strug-gling. And what Texas said is: To re-spond to our people, we are going to re-quire every plan sold in the State of Texas cover these issues. In my home State, Mr. Speaker, we created a commission to look at annu-ally how to add more benefits, change those benefits, make sure we are being responsive to folks in the best way that we can. The gentleman from Colorado, his State did the very same thing. They re-quired coverage for acupuncture serv-ices. They required the selling of child- only plans. They required coverage for fetal alcohol syndrome. We do these things collaboratively, and we do these things together. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the rule and passage of the underlying leg-islation. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I no-tice the gentleman from Georgia relied on a tweet from Donald Trump for his facts in explaining the bill. I might suggest a more scholarly source, maybe, like, beginning with the Con-gressional Budget Office, which says that 24 million people will lose their health coverage as a result of the bill. I will also point to the Quinnipiac poll that says only 17 percent of the American people approve of what my Republicans friends are doing. Seven-teen percent is lower than Trump’s rat-ing. That is quite an accomplishment. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. DAVIS). Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, it has been hard keeping up with all the changes over the last 24 hours. This process has been far from transparent. The CBO released a revised score last night that said that the changes made to appease the Freedom Caucus will cost about $200 billion more without doing or adding anything to increase coverage. So how is that possible? The latest edition to this healthcare disaster, the elimination of minimum essential benefits, is something that I want to focus on very briefly. This change hits women especially hard. Insurance companies will no longer have to cover maternity care, provide direct access to an OB/GYN, or cover preventative services like cancer screening or birth control. Mr. Speaker, do we call this a mommy tax? Is this a mommy tax to finance a millionaire tax cut? I don’t know. Earlier this week, I gave my col-leagues the opportunity to dem-onstrate their commitment to women’s health in a related bill, and, Mr. Speak-er, they didn’t even allow a vote. I hear my colleagues claiming that these changes are about choice. Forcing women to pay more for the care they need is a choice I think we could do without. Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition to this healthcare disaster. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. C
OLE), the vice chairman of the Rules Committee. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for his remark-able leadership in this important de-bate. Seven years ago, I was on this floor and I heard that, if you liked your plan, you could keep it. I heard, if you liked your doctor, you could keep that doctor. And I heard that healthcare costs were going to drop by $2,500 per family. None of it was true. I sit here now and look at my State, and I know what is happening next year. The rates on the ObamaCare ex-changes are going up by 69 percent. We are down to a single provider. That is what 7 years ago brought us. Today we have a chance to do some-thing different, and everybody from my State will do something different. They will vote for a plan that actually does what it says it is going to do. Number one, they will be able to actually have plans that are designed by Oklaho-mans, not by bureaucrats in Wash-ington, D.C. They will be able to have a tax credit, if they are not already in-sured under Medicaid or Medicare or from their employer. They will be able to have an individual tax credit to pur-chase a plan that they design, that they like. They will be free of the man-dates of ObamaCare, free to make their own decisions, free of the mandates that require them to buy insurance products that they simply don’t need. I have got a lot of people in my dis-trict that are in their fifties and six-ties. Some of them might like to have children again, but they are not likely to have children again, and they most-ly don’t want maternity care. So it is a pretty simple choice for us. It is a choice to be free and make our own decisions. It is a choice to design our own plans. It is a choice to have Federal assistance where we need it, but to be used under our direction. It is an easy choice. I urge the passage of this rule, and I urge the passage of the underlying leg-islation. b1000 Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a statement from NETWORK, the lobby for Catholic So-cial Justice; a letter from the National Alliance on Mental Illness; a letter from the Mental Health Liaison Group; and an article in the New York Times entitled ‘‘Late GOP Proposal Could Mean Plans That Cover Aromatherapy but Not Chemotherapy.’’ 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice urges you to vote NO on the American Health Care Act (AHCA). This legislation fails to protect ac-cess to quality, affordable healthcare for vul-nerable communities. It would widen the gaps in our society by making massive cuts to Medicaid, giving large tax breaks to the very wealthiest families and corporations, and threatening the health security of Amer-ican families. Our faith teaches that access to healthcare is an essential human right that is necessary to protect the life and dignity of every per-son. The bill would drastically increase the number of people without health insurance— and I know that behind those numbers are millions of stories of families facing medical bankruptcy, forgoing treatment, and losing loved ones who could have been saved by pre-ventative care. The AHCA cuts Medicaid spending—an es-sential source of care for millions of chil-dren, seniors, people with disabilities, and people experiencing poverty in our nation— and a per-capita cap would force states to ra-tion care. The legislation would also in-crease costs for older and sicker patients and burden low- and moderate-income families with much higher premiums by cutting $312 billion of financial assistance for people pur-chasing health insurance on the individual market. This is far from the Gospel mandate to care for our most vulnerable sisters and brothers. For any replacement to the ACA to be suf-ficient, it must meet these 10 conditions—a Ten Commandments of Healthcare if you will—and the AHCA breaks nine of 10 com-mandments: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.013 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2383 March 24, 2017 
1. Thou shalt provide affordable insurance and the same benefits to all currently cov-ered under the Affordable Care Act. AHCA fails. 2. Thou shalt continue to allow children under the age of 26 to be covered by their parents’ insurance. 3. Thou shalt ensure that insurance pre-miums and cost sharing are truly affordable to all. AHCA fails. 4. Thou shalt expand Medicaid to better serve vulnerable people in our nation. AHCA fails. 5. Thou shalt not undercut the structure or undermine the purpose of Medicaid, Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP), and Medicare funding. AHCA fails. 6. Thou shalt create effective mechanisms of accountability for insurance companies and not allow them to have annual or life-time caps on expenditures. AHCA partial fail. 7. Thou shalt not allow insurance compa-nies to discriminate against those with pre- existing conditions. AHCA partial fail. 8. Thou shalt not allow insurance compa-nies to discriminate against women, the el-derly, and people in poverty. AHCA fails. 9. Thou shalt provide adequate assistance for people enrolling and using their health coverage. AHCA fails. 10. Thou shalt continue to ensure reason-able revenue is in the federal budget to pay for life-sustaining healthcare for all. AHCA fails. At its heart, this bill has lost sight of com-munity and the common good. Its biggest problem is that it lacks the awareness that it is community which makes healthcare ef-fective. Healthcare is not just about the indi-vidual—it is a communal good. The hyper in-dividualism evident in the AHCA is sucking the life out of our nation. Just focusing on one’s individual self is contrary to our Catholic faith and contrary to our Constitu-tion. We will track the vote and score it in our 2017 voting record. This dangerous legislation is not the faith-ful way forward and must be rejected. Stand by Gospel principles and vote NO on the AHCA. Sincerely, S
R. SIMONE CAMPBELL , SSS, Executive Director, NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice. 
NATIONAL ALLIANCE ON  M
ENTAL ILLNESS , Arlington, VA, March 8, 2017. Re The American Health Care Act. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. F
RANK PALLONE , Ranking Member, House Energy and Commerce Committee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN AND RANKING  M
EMBER PALLONE : NAMI is the nation’s larg-est grassroots mental health organization dedicated to building better lives for the mil-lions of Americans affected by mental ill-ness. On behalf of our nonprofit, nonpartisan organization, I am writing to express our views on the American Health Care Act (AHCA), which seeks to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The mental health crisis in our nation is well documented. Half of all Americans with mental illness go without treatment. Last year, Congress passed significant bipartisan legislation to address the crisis in our na-tion’s mental health system. However, ad-dressing the mental health needs in our country relies on a foundation of affordable, quality health coverage with fair and equal coverage of mental health and substance use conditions. Thus, the importance of Med-icaid and insurance safeguards for individ-uals living with mental illness cannot be overstated. Unfortunately, the proposed re-forms in the AHCA threaten to undermine the historic progress being made to improve mental health and substance use care. RESTRUCTURING MEDICAID THREATENS MENTAL  
HEALTH CARE  Medicaid is the single largest payer of mental health and substance use services in the United States. Medicaid is also the larg-est funding source for the country’s public mental health system. One in five of Medic-aid’s nearly 70 million beneficiaries have a mental health or substance use disorder di-agnosis. NAMI is deeply concerned with proposed provisions to convert Medicaid financing into a per capita cap model. This would limit federal funding to a lump sum for all enroll-ees and, instead of providing more flexi-bility, would shift financial risk for health care costs—including unexpected costs, such as promising new innovations in treatment— to states. Current estimates are that the per capita cap provisions would shift an alarm-ing $370 billion in Medicaid costs to states over the next ten years. In the face of budget shortfalls, states will be forced to cut people from coverage, reduce health benefits and access to care, and/or reduce already low pro-vider payments, escalating our nation’s healthcare workforce crisis. The AHCA would set per capita caps for Medicaid at current funding levels, adjusted for medical inflation. Funding for mental health and substance use services is already inadequate in Medicaid programs and, under this model, could not be improved without cutting other health care. Further, the deep reductions in federal Medicaid funding would mean that people with mental illness will face even more desperate circumstances when trying to access critical mental health care. 
FREEZING MEDICAID EXPANSION PUTS LIVES AT  
RISK Nearly 1 out of 3 people covered by Med-icaid expansion lives with a mental health or substance use condition. Medicaid expansion has proven to be a lifeline that helps people with mental illness who typically fall through the cracks. Medicaid expansion pro-vides coverage to people with mental health conditions who are too sick to navigate the traditional Medicaid application process, who are just stable enough not to qualify for disability (often because they are coming out of a psychiatric hospital), or who have first symptoms of a serious mental illness. NAMI strongly urges the Committee to take further steps to preserve enrollment in Medicaid expansion, rather than the pro-posed end to new enrollment in 2020. Ex-panded eligibility has brought mental health treatment and the hope of recovery to mil-lions affected by mental illness. It is helping keep people healthier and productive in their communities. Congress should not abandon this important means of improving coverage for and access to critical mental health treatment. NAMI also urges the Committee to reject provisions in the AHCA that would lock en-rollees out of Medicaid expansion should they experience a lapse of coverage of more than one month. This is a high price to pay for forgetting to pay a premium while in the hospital or experiencing severe symptoms of mental illness. Denying coverage only serves to further de-stabilize lives with costly con-sequences for individuals, families and com-munities. Finally, NAMI is very concerned that the AHCA removes the requirement for Medicaid expansion plans to cover essential health benefits, including mental health and sub-stance use treatment. Congress’ significant commitment to mental health and substance use services in recent legislation should not be jeopardized by making these vital services optional in Medicaid. Our country can ill af-ford to weaken coverage at a time when the need for mental health and substance use treatment is so high. CONTINUING INSURANCE SUBSIDIES AND  
PROTECTIONS  To help Americans afford quality health insurance, NAMI strongly urges the Com-mittee to continue current levels of federal support, tied to income, to purchase health care coverage. Without assistance tied to in-come, more people with mental illness will be unable to afford coverage for mental health care. This threatens their overall health, resulting in more costly and dif-ficult-to-treat conditions and denying people the chance to reach and maintain recovery and a stable life in the community. NAMI appreciates that the Committee in-cluded essential insurance safeguards in the AHCA. These safeguards include protecting Americans from losing or being denied cov-erage because of pre-existing health condi-tions. This also includes continuing to allow young adults to remain on their parent’s health insurance plans to age 26 and banning annual and lifetime caps for insurance cov-erage. Cutting corners in health coverage will keep people from getting the treatment they need and will push people with mental illness into costly emergency rooms, hospitals and jails. Making the investment early in afford-able, quality mental health care promotes recovery and reduces the high long-term fi-nancial burden to taxpayers in avoidable dis-ability, criminal justice involvement and hospital care. NAMI urges the Committee to maintain coverage and services for people with mental illness by preserving financial help based on income, removing the proposed per capita cap financing model for Medicaid and pro-tecting expanded Medicaid eligibility. We ap-preciate the challenges in reforming Amer-ica’s health coverage and look forward to working with you to improve mental health coverage and care for children and adults throughout our nation. Sincerely, M
ARYGILIBERTI , J.D., Chief Executive Officer, NAMI. 
MENTAL HEALTH LIAISON GROUP , March 17, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , House Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND DEMOCRATIC  L
EADER PELOSI : The Mental Health Liaison Group (MHLG) wishes to express our serious concerns about the provisions of the Amer-ican Health Care Act (AHCA) that would re-structure the Medicaid program and end the Medicaid expansion, as well as provisions of that legislation that would significantly re-duce the Federal premium assistance that enrollees receive from the Federal govern-ment to maintain continuous insurance cov-erage, and impose a significant penalty for not maintaining continuous coverage. We are also very concerned that the legislation would eliminate required coverage for pre-vention and treatment of mental illness and substance use disorders under state Medicaid managed care and alternative benefit pro-grams, as Medicaid is the major source of Federal funding in every state for mental health and substance use services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.011 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2384 March 24, 2017 
The MHLG is a coalition of dozens of na-tional organizations representing consumers, family members, mental health and sub-stance use treatment providers, state behav-ioral health agencies, advocates, payers, and other stakeholders committed to strength-ening Americans’ access to mental health and substance use services and programs. The elimination of Medicaid expansion under the AHCA would leave without cov-erage the 1.3 million childless, non-pregnant adults with serious mental illness who were able, for the first time, to gain coverage under Medicaid expansion. It would also leave uncovered the 2.8 million childless, non-pregnant adults with substance use dis-orders who also gained coverage under ex-pansion for the first time. These are popu-lations that Congress promised and worked to serve with the passage of 21st Century Cures and the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act (CARA) of 2016, respectively. And it is important to remember that un-treated mental health and substance use dis-orders intensify and serve to increase the number of co-morbid medical conditions in those populations, thereby multiplying total Medicaid program costs. Medicaid is the single largest payer for be-havioral health services in the United States, accounting for about 26 percent of be-havioral health spending, and is the largest source of funding for the country’s public mental health system. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the Medicaid provi-sions of the AHCA would reduce Medicaid funding over 10 years by $880 billion, or about 25 percent. With an estimated 14 mil-lion people—one in five of Medicaid’s 70 mil-lion enrollees—living with mental illness or substance use disorders and depending heav-ily on Medicaid services, allowing states to determine whether those services should be covered could very well leave many low-in-come Americans without access to medically necessary prevention and treatment services. Medicaid covers a broad range of behav-ioral health services at low or no cost, in-cluding but not limited to psychiatric hos-pital care, case management, day treatment, evaluation and testing, psychosocial reha-bilitation, medication management, as well as individual, group and family therapy. In three dozen states, Medicaid covers essential peer support services to help sustain recov-ery. Additionally, because people with be-havioral health disorders experience a higher rate of chronic physical conditions than the general population, Medicaid’s coverage of primary care is critical to help this popu-lation receive needed treatment for both their behavioral health and physical health conditions. In states that have expanded Medicaid and which have been particularly hard hit by the opioid crisis, such as Kentucky, Maine, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and West Virginia, Med-icaid pays between 35 to 50 percent of medi-cation-assisted treatment for substance use disorders. CARA and 21st Century Cures were to increase payment for those services, but the elimination of mandated coverage under Medicaid would likely result in state cost shifting, so that CARA moneys (should they be appropriated) and moneys provided under 21st Century Cures for prescription opioid addiction prevention and treatment services would supplant, rather than supplement, the existing Medicaid coverage of services in the states. Similarly, converting Medicaid into a per capita cap block grant program or a simple block grant program will shift significant costs to states over time. Ultimately, states will be forced to reduce their Medicaid rolls, benefits, and already low payment rates to an already scarce workforce of behavioral health providers. Mental health and sub-stance use disorder treatments and programs will be at high risk because, even though they are cost-effective, they are intensive and expensive. Furthermore, the elimination of the ACA’s required Medicaid managed care coverage of mental health and sub-stance use disorder services and the long- term reduction of real funding dollars will leave states and managed care plans no al-ternative but to reduce or eliminate services in order to balance state Medicaid budgets and operate within managed care organiza-tions’ capitated rates. In addition, these cuts will hit children with serious emotional disorders, as well as adults with mental illness. Fifty percent of Medicaid beneficiaries are children. Seventy- five percent of mental conditions emerge by late adolescence. The loss of Medicaid-cov-ered mental and substance use disorder serv-ices for adults would result in more family disruption and out-of-home placements for children, significant trauma which has its own long-term health effects, and a further burden on a child welfare system that is struggling to meet the current demand for foster home capacity. In addition, we esti-mate $4 to $5 billion in Medicaid assistance will be lost by schools for specialized in-structional support services, including men-tal and behavioral health services. More directly, the rollback of the max-imum eligibility level for children ages 6 to 19 from 133 percent of the Federal Poverty Level to 100 percent FPL will undoubtedly have the result of reducing access to mental health and substance use disorder services, and critical Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic, and Treatment (EPSDT) serv-ices, for those older children. This is a par-ticularly problematic change since 5 percent (1.2 million) of adolescents between the ages of 12 and 17 had substance use disorders in 2015 and EPSDT screening is the most effec-tive early identifier for emergent mental health issues. 
AHCA CHANGES TO PRIVATE INSURANCE  
COVERAGE  If Medicaid is not to provide the avenue for recovery for individuals with mental illness or substance use disorders, then the private insurance market may have to serve as an alternative, but the $2,000 to $4,000 refund-able tax credits provided under the AHCA to subsidize insurance premiums constitute a significant reduction in the advance pre-mium tax credits paid under the ACA, which averaged 72 percent of gross premiums. Fur-ther, the 30 percent premium surcharge re-quired under AHCA to be imposed for a fail-ure to maintain continuous coverage will likely hit hardest the lowest-income enroll-ees who will be struggling to maintain pre-mium payments for coverage. It will be par-ticularly destructive for those enrollees whose serious mental illness or substance use disorders may render them cognitively impaired and thus unable to maintain pre-mium payment schedules until they recover, when the sizeable surcharge will leave them unable to pick up coverage. For the fore-going reasons, these provisions of the AHCA leave us very concerned for the continued well-being of the individuals with serious mental illness and substance use disorders we have been better able to serve since the implementation of the ACA’s expanded cov-erage. We urge you to continue to protect these vulnerable Americans’ access to and cov-erage of vital mental health and substance use disorder care and services, and to not re-verse the recent progress made with the en-actment of key mental health and substance use disorder prevention and treatment re-forms under the 21st Century Cures Act and CARA. Sincerely, American Art Therapy Association, Amer-ican Association of Child & Adolescent Psy-chiatry, American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy, American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry, American Associa-tion on Health and Disability, American Dance Therapy Association, American Foun-dation for Suicide Prevention, American Nurses Association, American Psychiatric Association, American Psychoanalytic Asso-ciation (APsaA), American Psychological Association, American Society of Addiction Medicine, Anxiety and Depression Associa-tion of America, Association for Ambulatory Behavioral Healthcare, Association for Be-havioral Health and Wellness, Bazelon Cen-ter for Mental Health Law, Campaign for Trauma-Informed Policy and Practice, Chil-dren and Adults with Attention-Deficit Hy-peractivity Disorder (CHADD), Clinical So-cial Work Association, Clinical Social Work Guild 49–OPEIU. Depression and Bi-Polar Support Alliance, Eating Disorders Coalition, EMDR Inter-national Association, Global Alliance for Be-havioral Health and Social Justice, Inter-national Certification & Reciprocity Consor-tium (IC&RC), The Jewish Federations of North America, Mental Health America, Na-tional Association for Children’s Behavioral Health, The National Association of County Behavioral Health and Developmental Dis-ability Directors (NACBHDD), The National Association for Rural Mental Health (NARMH), National Association of Social Workers, National Association of State Men-tal Health Program Directors (NASMHPD), National Alliance on the Mental Illness (NAMI), National Council for Behavioral Health, National Disability Rights Network, National Federation of Families for Chil-dren’s Mental Health, National Health Care for the Homeless Council, National Register of Health Service Psychologists, No Health Without Mental Health (NHMH), School So-cial Work Association of America, Trinity Health of Livonia, Michigan, Young Invincibles. 
[From the New York Times, Mar. 23, 2017] L
ATE G.O.P. P ROPOSAL COULD MEAN PLANS  T
HAT COVER AROMATHERAPY BUTNOT C
HEMOTHERAPY  (By Margot Sanger-Katz) Most Republicans in Congress prefer the type of health insurance market in which ev-eryone could ‘‘choose the plan that’s right for them.’’ Why should a 60-year-old man have to buy a plan that includes maternity benefits he’ll never use? (This is an example that comes up a lot.) In contrast, the Affordable Care Act includes a list of benefits that have to be in every plan, a reality that makes insurance comprehensive, but often costly. Now, a group of conservative House mem-bers is trying to cut a deal to get those ben-efit requirements eliminated as part of the bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act moving through Congress. (The vote in the House is expected later today.) At first glance, this may sound like a won-derful policy. Why should that 60-year-old man have to pay for maternity benefits he will never use? If 60-year-old men don’t need to pay for benefits they won’t use, the price of insurance will come down, and more peo-ple will be able to afford that coverage, the thinking goes. And people who want fancy coverage with extra benefits can just pay a little more for the plan that’s right for them. But there are two main problems with stripping away minimum benefit rules. One is that the meaning of ‘‘health insurance’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.015 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2385 March 24, 2017 
can start to become a little murky. The sec-ond is that, in a world in which no one has to offer maternity coverage, no insurance company wants to be the only one that offers it. Here is the list of Essential Health Bene-fits that are required under the Affordable Care Act: Ambulatory patient services (doctor’s vis-its) Emergency services Hospitalization Maternity and newborn care Mental health and substance abuse dis-order services, including behavioral health treatment Prescription drugs Rehabilitative and habilitative services and devices Laboratory services Preventive and wellness services, and chronic disease management Pediatric services, including oral and vi-sion care The list reflects some lobbying of the members of Congress who wrote it. You may notice that dental services are required for children, but not adults, for example. But over all, the list was developed to make in-surance for people who buy their own cov-erage look, roughly, like the kind of cov-erage people get through their employer. A plan without prescription drug coverage would probably be cheaper than one that covers it, but most people wouldn’t think of that plan as very good insurance for people who have health care needs. Under the Republican plan, the govern-ment would give people who buy their own insurance money to help them pay for it. A 20-year-old who doesn’t get coverage from work or the government, for example, would get $2,000. If the essential health benefits go away, insurance companies would be allowed to sell health plans that don’t cover, say, hospital care. Federal money would help buy these plans. But history illustrates a potential prob-lem. In the 1990s, Congress created a tax credit that helped low-income people buy insurance for their children. Quickly, it became clear that unscrupulous entrepreneurs were cre-ating cheap products that weren’t very use-ful, and marketing them to people eligible for the credit. Congress quickly repealed the provision after investigations from the Gov-ernment Accountability Office and the Ways and Means Committee uncovered fraud. Mark Pauly, a professor of health care management at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, who tends to favor market solutions in health care, said that while the Obamacare rules are ‘‘pater-nalistic,’’ it would be problematic to offer subsidies without standards. ‘‘If they’re going to offer a tax credit for people who are buying insurance, well, what is insurance?’’ he said, noting that you might end up with the government paying for plans that cov-ered aromatherapy but not hospital care. ‘‘You have to specify what’s included.’’ A proliferation of $1,995 plans that covered mostly aromatherapy could end up costing the federal government a lot more money than the current G.O.P. plan, since far more people would take advantage of tax credits to buy cheap products, even if they weren’t very valuable. There’s another reason, besides avoiding fraud, that health economists say benefit rules are important. Obamacare requires in-surers to offer health insurance to people who have pre-existing illnesses at the same price as they sell them to healthy people, and the Republican bill would keep this rule. But if an insurance company designs a plan that attracts a lot of sick people, it will be very expensive to cover them, and the insur-ance company will either lose money or end up charging extremely high prices that would drive away any healthy customers. Sherry Glied, the dean of the Robert F. Wagner Graduate School of Public Service at New York University, who helped work on the essential health benefits in the Obama administration, raised the example of men-tal health benefits. Parents of adolescents with schizophrenia will be sure to buy insur-ance that covers only mental health serv-ices. Other parents won’t care about that benefit. The result: Any company offering such benefits will end up with a lot of customers requiring expensive hospitalizations, while its competitors that drop them will get healthier customers who are cheaper to in-sure. If mental health services are optional, no insurance company will want to offer them, lest all the families with sick children buy their product and put them out of busi-ness. And then healthy people who develop men-tal illness, or drug addiction, will also learn that their illness isn’t covered. The result could be a sort of market failure: ‘‘If you don’t require that these benefits are re-quired, they often just get knocked out of the market altogether,’’ she said. Before Obamacare passed, there were few federal standards for health insurance bought by individuals, and it was not uncom-mon to find plans that didn’t include pre-scription drug coverage, mental health serv-ices or maternity care. But plans tended to cover most of the other benefits. That was in a world where health insurers could discrimi-nate against sick people. In that era, insur-ers in most states could simply tell the mother of a mentally ill child that she couldn’t buy insurance. That made it less risky for insurers to offer mental health ben-efits to everyone else. David Cutler, a professor at Harvard who helped advise the Obama administration on the Affordable Care Act, said he thinks the kind of insurance products that would be of-fered under the proposed mix of policies could become much more bare-bones than plans before Obamacare. He envisioned an environment in which a typical plan might cover only emergency care and basic preven-tive services, with everything else as an add- on product, costing almost exactly as much as it would cost to pay for a service out-of- pocket. ‘‘Think of this as the if-you-have-rheu-matoid-arthritis-you-should-pay-$30,000 pro-vision,’’ he said. Such a system would mean that Americans with costly problems—can-cer, opioid addiction, H.I.V.—would end up paying a substantially higher share of their medical bills, while healthy people would pay lower prices for insurance that wouldn’t cover as many treatments. There is most likely a middle way. Repub-lican lawmakers might be comfortable with a system that shifts more of the costs of care onto people who are sick, if it makes the av-erage insurance plan less costly for the healthy. But making those choices would mean engaging in very real trade-offs, less simple than their talking point. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indi-ana (Mr. V
ISCLOSKY ). Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule and the under-lying legislation. I believe that the purpose of any healthcare legislation should be to im-prove the well-being of our Nation’s citizens and to allow for access to qual-ity and affordable health care for all. I think, particularly, the gentlemen from Massachusetts and Florida ably describe why today’s legislation fails those tests. I would add that it will also jeopardize the healthcare coverage of over 429,000 Hoosiers currently en-rolled in Indiana’s expansion of Med-icaid, the Healthy Indiana Plan. Further, I believe it is disingenuous that, if this bill is successful, the House will have pushed numerous ad-verse consequences until after the next congressional election. Congress should work to improve the Affordable Care Act. Congress should work to ensure affordable pharma-ceutical products. Congress should act for the health concerns still facing or-dinary Americans. But today’s legisla-tion does no such thing. I find it unacceptable, and I urge my colleagues to oppose the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the American Health Care Act. I believe that the purpose of any health care legislation should be to improve the health and well-being of our nation’s citizens, and to allow for access to quality and affordable health care for all. That is why in the 111th Congress I was proud to support the Affordable Care Act. As a result of this landmark legislation, 19 million people in the United States now have health insurance coverage who did not before, and over nine-in-ten individuals in my home state of Indiana now have health insurance. Regretfully, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the legislation we are considering today will leave approxi-mately 14 million more Americans without health care insurance by 2018, and this num-ber will continue to rise to an estimated 24 million by 2026. I am especially concerned that the American Health Care Act will jeopardize the health care coverage of the over 429,000 Hoosiers cur-rently enrolled in Indiana’s expansion of Med-icaid, also known as the Healthy Indiana Plan. Further, I believe it is especially disingen-uous that if this bill passes today, this institu-tion will have pushed the financial cuts to pro-grams like the Healthy Indiana Plan conven-iently until after the next congressional elec-tion. The Act before us also would negatively im-pact the health of millions of women and men who receive the medical services provided by Planned Parenthood. Additionally, it would not improve the well-being of our nation’s elderly by allowing providers to charge older enrollees up to five times as much as younger individ-uals. Finally, I would note with great concern that a provision was just added to the American Health Care Act today that would remove the requirement that insurers cover life-saving, es-sential health benefits, including maternal and pediatric services, rehabilitative therapy, and mental health and substance abuse treatment. Congress should work to improve the Af-fordable Care Act and address important health concerns facing ordinary Americans, such as the rising cost of prescription drugs. But today’s bill does no such thing. It is unacceptable and I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.016 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2386 March 24, 2017 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
ATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we have heard a lot of rhetoric about how this bill would sup-posedly fix our healthcare system. President Trump said that his plan would provide insurance for everybody. That is not the bill before us today. The last-minute backroom changes have only made a bad bill worse. Re-publicans stuck in a provision to strip away essential health benefits for American families. The list of services in jeopardy is long, devastating, and cruel, services like emergency services, hospitaliza-tion, prescription drugs, preventive care, and many other guarantees. These are basic health services that every person in the country deserves, like my constituent Elizabeth, whose daughter is guaranteed pediatric care to treat her type 1 diabetes because of these essential benefits. Without cov-erage, out-of-pocket costs would add up to more than her entire year’s salary. I can’t stand here and allow my Re-publican colleagues to say they are saving people from ObamaCare while they are stripping away essential care for families like Elizabeth’s. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I just want to take a second to summarize this rule because people have been ask-ing about it. It is a closed rule. The only amend-ments allowed are amendments offered by people who wrote the bill. Those amendments are fixes to fixes to fixes to fixes in their bill and, in the words of Trump, sad. I would just say, you know, usually when you have a lousy process you have a lousy bill, and that is why only 17 percent of the American people sup-port what my Republican friends are doing. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ). Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I come from the State, Texas, that has the highest percentage of people who have absolutely no healthcare cov-erage, who use the emergency room as their health provider, and who also have serious health challenges. For Texans, if this bill passes, it means that the following things will no longer be in their insurance policy or they will be charged jacked-up fees for them: outpatient care; emergency room trips; in-hospital care; preg-nancy, maternity, and newborn care; mental health and substance abuse dis-order services; prescription drugs; re-habilitative services and habilitative services; lab tests; preventative serv-ices; and pediatric services. It should also be noted that, with this bill, about 660,000 Texans would lose their healthcare coverage. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ). Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachu-setts for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, this is a bad joke on America. Here we are, the choice act: The choice is get sick or go broke. The choice is more coverage for aver-age Americans or more tax cuts for the rich, higher costs for families. Twenty-four million people, at least, lose their coverage under the choice act, or TrumpCare. That is a bad joke. That is a bad choice. Here is something: discrimination against older Americans. They have five times the cost of younger Ameri-cans under TrumpCare, under their choice act. This hurts Medicare. There are no savings in this bill— that was what the whole thing was all about—but instead, we get less cov-erage for average Americans. We get many people cut off their coverage, but we get big tax cuts for the rich. This is a bad joke. This bill should be defeated. This rule should be defeated. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inquire of the gentleman from Texas, if I can. I know he has a few more speakers than he did yesterday, but we have a ton over here, and if there is additional time that he could share with us, we would appreciate it. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, we are going to keep moving on. We were allo-cated the same amount of time. I guess the answer would be no. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Ms. K
ELLY ). Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker: ‘‘Of all the forms of inequality, injus-tice in healthcare is the most shocking and inhumane.’’ Dr. King spoke these words because the health of our fellow Americans is a moral imperative. What we have before us today is a morally corrupt bill: mor-ally corrupt because it claws away health insurance from 24 million Amer-icans, morally corrupt because it leaves nearly 1 million of my fellow Il-linoisans without health insurance, morally corrupt because 240,000 Illinois kids will no longer have the safety and security of their current coverage. When you cast your vote today, know that you own its aftermath here, for-ward. Will you cast your vote for party or will you cast your vote to do what is best in the lives of the people you rep-resent? Think of the last senior whose hand you shook at a townhall. Think of the last child you hugged at a school visit. Does this bill do right by them? Will they be better off? If you have any doubt, vote ‘‘no.’’ Vote ‘‘no,’’ and kill this bad bill. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposi-tion to this misguided and shortsighted pay-more-for-less bill, also known as TrumpCare. In all my time in Congress, I have never seen such blatant disregard for the interests of the American people. Twenty-four million hardworking Americans will lose their coverage. TrumpCare will raise premiums, while reducing critical premium sub-sidies that millions depend on. Mean-while, deductibles and out-of-pocket expenses will go up. Particularly hurt will be the Ameri-cans aged 50 to 64 who will have to pay five times more than others for health coverage, no matter how healthy they may be themselves. TrumpCare then goes on to ransack the Medicaid funds that older Ameri-cans rely on for long-term care, and it shortens the life of the Medicare trust fund by 3 years. North Carolina consumers in the in-surance marketplace, many of them in-sured for the first time, would face the second highest healthcare cost in-creases in the entire country, an aver-age of over $7,500. Again: mainly older, poorer North Carolinians. For example, a 64-year-old resident making $22,000 a year would see a premium spike of over $14,000. That is over half of his income. After years of trying to destroy the ACA, is this the best that Speaker RYAN and President Trump can come up with? Defeat this bill. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ). Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the Republican effort to gut the Affordable Care Act, an effort that will result in millions of people across the country and tens of thousands of my constituents in Rhode Island to lose their health coverage, and it will ultimately result in costs rising. Before the ACA was passed, the House held 79 hearings over the course of a year. Today’s Republican plan was pushed through three committees with-out a single hearing and with substan-tial changes being made behind closed doors in the dead of night. Mr. Speaker, I am a veteran of many healthcare debates, and I can tell you this is not how sound policy is made, especially policy that will have real consequences for hardworking Ameri-cans. Since the passage of the ACA, I have had faith that Republicans and Demo-crats could come together to strength-en the law and further improve healthcare for all Americans. There is still that opportunity to come to-gether, Mr. Speaker, but the rule, along with the underlying bill, has shaken that faith. Supporting the rule means putting ideology above the well-being of the American people. This does not have to be a zero-sum game. I know that we can come together. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.017 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2387 March 24, 2017 
Let’s defeat this rule and the bill. Come together in a bipartisan way to fix the problems of the ACA. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ha-waii (Ms. G
ABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, people in my home State of Hawaii and all across the country are in desperate need of serious healthcare reform to bring down costs and increase access to quality care. The legislation before us, though, is not the answer. It perpetuates the problems. It is a handout to insurance and pharmaceutical companies that literally pulls the rug out from those who are most needy and most vulner-able in our communities. While corporations rake in over $600 billion in tax breaks, many low-income Americans will see their coverage drop completely. Medicaid, a program that one in five Americans depend on for basic care, would be slashed by hundreds of bil-lions of dollars, shifting costs to al-ready-strained State and local govern-ments. Our kupuna, our seniors, could see their premiums increase up to five times more than young, healthy people under these new age rating rules in this bill. Simply put, we need a healthcare system that puts people before profits. I urge my colleagues strongly to vote ‘‘no’’ against this legislation. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD the CBO score for the underlying bill and the first four manager’s amendments. We just got it last night, and it is already out-of-date given the fifth manager’s amendment that was just submitted late last night. 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, March 23, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : At your request, the Congressional Budget Office and the staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT) have prepared an estimate of the direct spending and revenue effects of H.R. 1628, the Amer-ican Health Care Act, as posted on the website of the House Committee on Rules on March 22, 2017, incorporating manager’s amendments 4, 5, 24, and 25. As a result of those amendments, this esti-mate shows smaller savings over the next 10 years than the estimate that CBO issued on March 13 for the reconciliation recommenda-tions of the House Committee on Ways and Means and the House Committee on Energy and Commerce. The estimated effects on health insurance coverage and on premiums for health insurance are similar to those es-timated for the committees’ recommenda-tions. 
EFFECTS ON THE FEDERAL BUDGET  CBO and JCT estimate that enacting H.R. 1628, with the proposed amendments, would reduce federal deficits by $150 billion over the 2017–2026 period; that reduction is the net result of a $1,150 billion reduction in direct spending, partly offset by a reduction of $999 billion in revenues (see Tables 1 and 2). The provisions dealing with health insurance coverage would reduce deficits, on net, by $883 billion (see Table 3); the noncoverage provisions would increase deficits by $733 bil-lion, mostly by reducing revenues. Pay-as-you-go procedures apply because enacting the legislation would affect direct spending and revenues. CBO and JCT esti-mate that enacting the legislation would not increase net direct spending or on-budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10- year periods beginning in 2027. EFFECTS ON HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE  CBO and JCT estimate that, in 2018, 14 mil-lion more people would be uninsured under the legislation than under current law. The increase in the number of uninsured people relative to the number under current law would reach 21 million in 2020 and 24 million in 2026 (see Table 4). In 2026, an estimated 52 million people under age 65 would be unin-sured, compared with 28 million who would lack insurance that year under current law. 
EFFECTS ON PREMIUMS  H.R. 1628, with the proposed amendments, would tend to increase average premiums in the nongroup market before 2020 and lower average premiums thereafter, relative to projections under current law. In 2018 and 2019, according to CBO and JCT’s estimates, average premiums for single policyholders in the nongroup market would be 15 percent to 20 percent higher under the legislation than under current law. By 2026, average pre-miums for single policyholders in the nongroup market would be roughly 10 per-cent lower than under current law. 
UNCERTAINTY SURROUNDING THE ESTIMATES  The ways in which federal agencies, states, insurers, employers, individuals, doctors, hospitals, and other affected parties would respond to the changes made by the legisla-tion are all difficult to predict, so the esti-mates in this report are uncertain. But CBO and JCT have endeavored to develop esti-mates that are in the middle of the distribu-tion of potential outcomes. 
COMPARISON WITH THE PREVIOUS ESTIMATE  On March, 13, 2017, CBO and JCT estimated that enacting the reconciliation rec-ommendations of the House Committee on Ways and Means and the House Committee on Energy and Commerce (which were com-bined into H.R. 1628) would yield a net reduc-tion in federal deficits of $337 billion over the 2017–2026 period. CBO estimates that enact-ing H.R. 1628, with the proposed amend-ments, would save $186 billion less over that period. That reduction in savings stems pri-marily from changes to H.R. 1628 that mod-ify provisions affecting the Internal Revenue Code and the Medicaid program. Over the 2017–2026 period, modifications to provisions affecting the Internal Revenue Code that are not directly related to the law’s insurance coverage provisions would reduce JCT’s estimate of revenues by $137 billion. Reducing the threshold for deter-mining the medical care deduction on indi-viduals’ income tax returns from 7.5 percent of income to 5.8 percent would reduce reve-nues by about $90 billion. Other changes in-clude adjusting the effective dates and mak-ing other modifications to the provisions that repeal or delay many of the changes in the Affordable Care Act, which would reduce revenues by $48 billion. A number of changes to the Medicaid pro-gram would reduce CBO’s estimate of savings by $41 billion over the 2017–2026 period. The reduction would result from revising the for-mula for calculating the per capita allot-ments in Medicaid to allow for faster growth of the per capita cost of aged, blind, and dis-abled enrollees. The effects of changing that formula would be offset somewhat by the ef-fects of three other provisions that would in-crease savings: reducing the per capita allot-ment in Medicaid for the state of New York in proportion to any financing the state re-ceives from county governments; providing states the option to make eligibility for Medicaid conditional on satisfying work re-quirements for enrollees who are not single parents of children under age 6 or who are not pregnant or disabled; and allowing states to receive a block grant for Medicaid cov-erage of children and some adults instead of funding based on a per capita cap. Other smaller changes resulting from the manager’s amendments would reduce savings by an estimated $8 billion over the period. Compared with the previous version of the legislation, H.R. 1628, with the proposed amendments, would have similar effects on health insurance coverage: Estimates differ by no more than half a million people in any category in any year over the next decade. (Some differences may appear larger because of rounding.) For example, the decline in Medicaid coverage after 2020 would be small-er than in the previous estimate, mainly be-cause of states’ responses to the faster growth in the per capita allotments for aged, blind, and disabled enrollees—but other changes in Medicaid would offset some of those effects. The legislation’s impact on health insur-ance premiums would be approximately the same as estimated for the previous version. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. Sincerely, KEITH HALL, Director. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. This analysis con-firms that the Republicans will give a trillion-dollar tax break to the wealthiest people in this country, and they will kick 24 million Americans off their health insurance. I will say that is why we are packed with speakers on this side, and there is probably only a couple of people on the gentleman’s side, because we are stand-ing with the American people who are outraged by this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, last night we watched the President and the House Republicans scramble to achieve political points at the expense of the American people, working through the night. Imagine if they worked this hard on a jobs bills or a bill that raised family incomes or a bill to rebuild our infrastructure. But in-stead they are trying to pass a tax cut for the rich disguised as a healthcare bill, a bill that will require us to pro-vide big, gigantic tax cuts. To do that, they impose higher costs on families, higher premiums, higher deductibles. They strip 24 million hard-working Americans from health care, including 60,000 Rhode Islanders. They impose a crushing age tax. They steal from Medicare, and they will destroy nearly 2 million jobs, all so they can give the wealthiest Americans and the most powerful special interests a big, huge tax cut. Shame on President Trump. Shame on the Republicans. This is wrong for our country. We can do better than this. We need to protect access to health care, not rob millions of Americans from health care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.018 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2388 March 24, 2017 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, the healthcare proposal proposed by Presi-dent Trump and Speaker R
YAN raises premiums and deductibles. It imposes an age tax on older Americans, making their health care unaffordable. It throws millions—24 million—Ameri-cans off of their insurance. It shifts the cost of health care to the States, and it covers less and less people. b1015 It raises people’s fears and insecu-rities about what this will do if they get sick. It ends maternity care. It is quite outrageous when it tells you that you can’t go for emergency services any longer. It would allow insurance companies to, once again, reimpose lifetime limits and annual caps. It al-lows insurance companies to charge women 48 percent more for the same insurance that any man would pay for. So why would you be for this? Why? Who benefits? Who benefits? We are going to provide 400 of the richest families in this Nation with a $7 million tax cut every year. Those are not my words. Take a look at what Families USA says. Take a look at what the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities says about that. Working people and older Americans are going to pay for a tax cut for the richest people in this Nation. Older Americans are going to be hit the hard-est. Not only are they going to get an age tax, but they are going to shift $170 billion out of the Medicare trust fund— a lifeline for older Americans. Do you know what? It makes me be-lieve that this is the case: What does the GOP stand for? Get Old People. That is what this bill does. That is what people are going to vote ‘‘yes’’ for today. Let me just say this: We have an obligation. We have an obligation to the people of this country to vote ‘‘no’’ today on this misrepresented bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Wyo-ming (Ms. C
HENEY ), who is the favorite daughter of Wyoming and serves on the Rules Committee. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, there are a lot of charges and allegations being made about what this bill would do, and the reality, Mr. Speaker, is we are living today in the world that they have created on the other side of this aisle. We are living today in a world with skyrocketing costs, plummeting choices, and broken promises across the board. When you talk about the situation with respect to women in particular, when you talk about what is going to happen with maternity care and with child care, Mr. Speaker, there is a fun-damental difference between what they believe on that side of the aisle and what we believe over here. What we believe over here is that every American—every individual, and in that, we Republicans include women—we think women ought to have the right to make their own choices and their own decisions about care. We know that the kinds of insur-ance—the so-called insurance—that has been provided under ObamaCare means that women have been denied access to things like maternity care. When you can only get a policy with a $6,000 de-ductible, that is not care and that is not insurance. This bill today is fundamental to being able to keep our promises to the American people, to being able to en-sure that we have returned authority, we have returned power, and, yes, re-sources into the hands of individuals so people in Wyoming—in my home State—and all across this country can make their own healthcare decisions and no longer be forced to purchase things they don’t want, don’t need, and can’t use to get coverage. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ). Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, all due respect to my col-league from Wyoming, it is not liberty for a woman to be forced to go to work within weeks of having a child. That is what this bill would do. Mr. Speaker, it is not liberty for peo-ple over 50 years old to be required to pay increased fees and increased ex-penses simply to go to the hospital, and it is not liberty to have their es-sential health benefits stripped away. They might not even be able to go to a hospital. It is not liberty for 7 million veterans to have a vets tax, to have their benefits stripped away from an amendment that was introduced in the middle of the night. That is not lib-erty. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for yielding me this time. The Hippocratic Oath says ‘‘primum non nocere’’; ‘‘first, do no harm.’’ This bill violates the Hippocratic Oath in all respects. Twenty-four mil-lion people losing their health care, our friend from Wyoming thinks that is a choice? A string of benefits required to be covered by insurance companies to pro-tect consumers, to protect our loved ones when they get ill, vitiated. Maybe that is popular in some parts of this country, but I don’t know where they are. This bill will unravel health care for all Americans. It is the wrong path to take, and I urge defeat of this legis-lation in its entirety. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman will state her parliamentary inquiry. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I want to ask why the Democratic microphone is turned off. This happened to me the other day when the Republican micro-phone was on over there. The last two speakers we have not been able to hear as well as we heard Ms. CHENEY , and I want to know why that is. I hope somebody hears my plea and that the Parliamentarian will take care of this problem. This debate is too important to have our microphones at a lower scale. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has heard the complaint and will look into it. The Chair advises that he has had no problem hearing from each of the speakers that have gone to the well or from the leadership tables today. The gentleman from Texas has 3
1⁄2 minutes remaining and the gentleman from Massachusetts has 3
1⁄2minutes re-maining in this debate on the rule. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. C
RIST). Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, this bill we are talking about takes about $880 bil-lion out of Medicaid. Medicaid is for the poor, and Medicaid is for the dis-abled. We are in Lent. It is supposed to be the holiest time. I want to read to you from Matthew 25, verse 45: What-ever you do to the least of my brothers, you do unto Me. Think about that before you vote for this bill. Please vote against it. God bless. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Pasco, Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ), who is a member of the Rules Committee. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, under the ACA, 5 to 6 million Americans were kicked off their healthcare plans, including 300,000 of my fellow Washingtonians who lost coverage despite repeated promises they could keep their plans. A majority of Americans have faced sky-rocketing costs, reduced access to qual-ity care, and fewer choices for their families. I believe we can and we must do better. Under this bill, Americans will have health care that fits individual and family needs instead of federally man-dated, one-size-fits-all coverage that is simply unaffordable for far too many people. This bill strengthens and guar-antees access for the most vulnerable in our communities. The ACA has failed. I made a promise to the thousands of my constituents who have told me of the devastation this law has wreaked on their lives that I would not forget them. Ameri-cans in every election since 2010 have said loud and clear the same thing, and it is time that we listened. Mr. Speaker, the American Health Care Act is the first major step in keeping that promise, and I think that we need to take it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. P
ANETTA ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.019 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2389 March 24, 2017 
Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition of what has become basically the complete repeal of the ACA. Don’t get me wrong. I have talked to small-business owners, and I have talked to patients who have talked about the expenses of the ACA. But I have also heard from people in my district on the central coast of California how much it has benefited them, including 65,000 people who now have coverage under Medicaid and 25,000 people who have gained it through the marketplace. If the AHCA becomes law, we are not making it cheaper, and we are not making it more accessible. Instead, all that is happening is that they are ful-filling a campaign promise. Mr. Speaker, we must make sure that the ACA is here. We cannot take it away. We must make sure that we pro-vide care, we provide coverage, and we provide the covenant that we promised our constituents. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time, and I am prepared to close. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from 87 patient and provider organizations, including the Cystic Fi-brosis Foundation, which is strongly opposed to this bill. 
MARCH 20, 2017. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Senate Majority Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. D
EAR LEADER MCCONNELL AND SPEAKER  R
YAN: The undersigned organizations write to express grave concern about proposals put forth in the American Health Care Act (AHCA) to alter the fundamental structure and purpose of Medicaid, a vital source of health care for patients with ongoing health needs. We feel compelled to speak out against proposals to phase out Medicaid expansion and implement per capita caps, which threaten the ability of Medicaid to provide critical health care services to many of our most vulnerable citizens. These proposals aim to achieve cost savings of approximately $880 billion, according to the Congressional Budget Office, at the expense of tens of mil-lions of patients who rely on Medicaid for life-sustaining care. While we appreciate the opportunities we have had to work with your staff, we cannot support the Medicaid provi-sions in this bill and cannot accept policies that prioritize cutting costs by limiting pa-tients’ access to care. 
MEDICAID IS CRITICAL FOR PATIENTS  Medicaid is a crucial source of coverage for patients with serious and chronic health care needs. Pregnant women depend on Medicaid, which covers roughly 50 percent of all births including many high-risk pregnancies. Med-icaid covers cancer patients: nearly one- third of pediatric cancer patients were en-rolled in Medicaid in 2013 and approximately 1.52 million adults with a history of cancer were covered by Medicaid in 2015. Over fifty percent of children and one-third of adults living with cystic fibrosis rely on Medicaid to get the treatments and therapies they need to preserve their health. Nearly half of children with asthma are covered by Med-icaid or CHIP and adults with diabetes are disproportionally covered by Medicaid as well. The patients we represent are eligible for Medicaid through various pathways, in-cluding through income-related and dis-ability criteria. REJECT PER CAPITA CAPS  The proposal to convert federal financing of Medicaid to a per capita cap system is deeply troubling. This policy is designed to reduce federal funding for Medicaid, forcing states to either make up the difference with their own funds or cut their programs by re-ducing the number of people they serve and the health benefits they provide. For patients with ongoing health care needs, this means that Medicaid may no longer cover the care and treatments they need, including breakthrough therapies and technology. In order to save money, the per capita caps are set to grow more slowly than expected Medicaid costs under current law. As the gap between the capped allotment and actual costs increases over time, states will be forced to constrain eligibility, reduce ben-efits, lower provider payments, or increase cost-sharing. Moreover, by capping the fed-eral government’s contribution to Medicaid in this manner, states will be less able to cover the cost of new treatments. This could be devastating for people with serious dis-eases, for whom groundbreaking treatments represent a new lease on life. For people with cystic fibrosis, cancer, and other diseases, new therapies can be game changers that im-prove quality of life and increase life expect-ancy. In fact, we have already seen Medicaid programs respond to current budget con-straints by using clinically inappropriate criteria to restrict access to therapies old and new. A per capita cap will only exacer-bate the downward pressure on Medicaid budgets and will further reduce access to these therapies for patients. Pairing financing reforms with increased flexibility, as has often been proposed, would further undermine Medicaid’s role as a safe-ty net for patients. Without current guard-rails provided by federal requirements—cou-pled with reduced federal funding—states will have the authority to reduce benefits and eligibility as they see fit and to impose other restrictions, such as waiting periods and enrollment caps. These policies have se-rious implications for patients—for a person with cancer, enrollment freezes and waiting lists could mean a later-stage diagnosis when treatment costs are higher and survival is less likely. For a person with diabetes, this would risk the ability to adequately manage the disease. Many of our patients rely on costly services that will be quickly targeted for cuts if states are given such flexibility, so it is imperative that current federal safe-guards remain in place. 
MAINTAIN MEDICAID EXPANSION  While the AHCA has been described as pre-serving Medicaid expansion for those already enrolled in coverage, we are concerned that estimates show that eliminating the en-hanced match for any enrollee with even a small gap in coverage would actually result in millions of people losing coverage. By eliminating the enhanced federal match for any enrollee with a gap in coverage, eventu-ally states will be on the hook for billions of dollars to continue covering this popu-lation—an insurmountable financial hurdle. Additionally, seven states have laws that would effectively end Medicaid expansion immediately or soon thereafter when the ex-pansion match rate is eliminated. Nearly half of adults covered by the Medicaid expan-sion are permanently disabled, have serious physical or mental conditions—such as can-cer, stroke, heart disease, arthritis, preg-nancy, or diabetes—or are in fair or poor health. Repealing Medicaid expansion will leave these patients without coverage they depend upon to maintain their health. The proposed financing reforms are a fun-damental shift away from Medicaid’s role as a safety-net for some of the most vulnerable members of our society. Repealing Medicaid expansion would leave millions without the health care they rely on. Our organizations represent and provide care for millions of Americans living with ongoing health care needs who rely on Medicaid and we cannot support policies that pose such a grave risk to patients. We hope that we can continue our dialogue as you move forward in this process to arrive at solutions that provide all Americans with high-quality, affordable care regardless of an individual’s income, employment status, health status, or geographic location. Sincerely, ADAP Advocacy Association; AIDS Action Baltimore; The AIDS Institute; Alpha-1 Foundation; Alport Syndrome Foundation; ALS Association; American Academy of Pe-diatrics; American Behcet’s Disease Associa-tion; American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists; American Diabetes Associa-tion; American Lung Association; American Parkinson Disease Association; American Society of Hematology; American Thoracic Society; Amyloidosis Support Groups Inc.; ARPKD/CHF Alliance; Arthritis Foundation; Batten Disease Support & Research Associa-tion; Bladder Cancer Advocacy Network. Bridge the Gap—SYNGAP Education and Research Foundation; Bronx Lebanon Hos-pital Center Department of Family Medi-cine; CADASIL Together We Have Hope Non- Profit; Cancer Support Community; Child Neurology Foundation; Children’s Cause for Cancer Advocacy; Children’s Dental Health Project; Chronic Illness and Disability Part-nership; Community Access National Net-work; Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Re-search Education & Support Foundation, Inc.; COPD Foundation; Cure HHT; Cuta-neous Lymphoma Foundation; Cystic Fibro-sis Foundation; Cystinosis Research Net-work; debra of America; Endocrine Society; Fibrous Dysplasia Foundation; First Focus Campaign for Children. FORCE: Facing Our Risk of Cancer Em-powered; Foundation for Prader-Willi Re-search; Friedreich’s Ataxia Research Alli-ance (FARA); Genetic Alliance; Hannah’s Hope Fund; Hide & Seek Foundation for Lysosomal Disease Research; Hispanic Health Network; Hope for Hypothalamic Hamartomas; Huntington’s Disease Society of America; Immune Deficiency Foundation; The International Pemphigus and Pemphigoid Foundation; Kids v Cancer; Latino Commission on AIDS; LFS Associa-tion (Li-Fraumeni Syndrome Association); Liver Health Connection; March of Dimes; Medicare Rights Center; MLD Foundation. Moebius Syndrome Foundation; Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA); NASTAD (Na-tional Alliance of State & Territorial AIDS Directors); National Alliance on Mental Ill-ness; National Coalition for Cancer Survivor-ship; National Health Law Program; Na-tional Hemophilia Foundation; National Multiple Sclerosis Society; National Organi-zation for Rare Disorders; National Patient Advocate Foundation; National Tay-Sachs & Allied Diseases Association (NTSAD); Na-tional Urea Cycle Disorders Foundation; Na-tional Viral Hepatitis Roundtable; NBIA Dis-orders Association; Needle Exchange Emer-gency Distribution (NEED); Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy (PPMD); Parkinson Al-liance; The PCD (Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia) Foundation; Polycystic Kidney Disease Foundation; Pulmonary Fibrosis Foundation. PXE International; Rett Syndrome Re-search Trust; Scleroderma Foundation; The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.022 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2390 March 24, 2017 
Sudden Arrhythmia Death Syndromes Foun-dation; T1D Exchange; Trisomy 18 Founda-tion; Tuberous Sclerosis Alliance; United Way Worldwide; VHL Alliance; Wilson Dis-ease Association; Wishes for Elliott: Advanc-ing SCN8A Research. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would say to my colleagues that this is a sad day for this institution. This process has been awful. But this is even a sadder day for the American people. I remind my colleagues that we are supposed to care about one another, es-pecially the most vulnerable in our so-ciety. In this era of Trump, Wash-ington has become a mean place. It is a place where it has become unfashionable to worry about the poor, about older Americans, and about those who struggle. There is absolutely no justification for giving huge tax breaks to billion-aires—$1 trillion in tax breaks to mil-lionaires and billionaires, and at the same time throwing 24 million people off of health care and denying millions more essential healthcare protections. Twenty-four million people—my Re-publican colleagues have lost their human ability to feel what that means. That is the entire population of Aus-tralia. Mr. Speaker, I have a great deal of respect for my colleagues, but when I look at this bill and I read this bill, I have to wonder: What are you think-ing? How could you do this? I have come to the conclusion there are only two reasons—there are only two ways you can vote for this bill. One is you don’t know what is in the bill; or two is you have to have a heart of stone, because this bill is shameful. It is going to hurt people. It is going to hurt your constituents. Withdraw this bill or vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill, but this bill cannot become law. The health care and healthcare protections for the American people are too important. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my col-leagues—both Democrats and Repub-licans—reject this. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by thanking our colleagues, the gen-tleman from Massachusetts leading the Rules Committee, and his ranking members as they came from each of the committees, some 50 hours’ worth of hearings and markups, including some 16 hours in the Rules Committee to not only talk about and vet, but to under-stand more clearly what we would be voting on. Mr. Speaker, today is a bill that is a compromise bill, no doubt about it. I had my own plan and I had my own ideas. I took 2 years to get involved in this process. It is difficult to write a healthcare bill. But it didn’t have to be my bill; it had to be a bill that we could all work together on. President Trump has been a part of that. President Trump took time out of his schedule to do this. It is important to the American people. President Trump, more than any single Member of Congress, gave the message to the American people about what was nec-essary and what he would do. He is going to live up to that, and we should, too. Mr. Speaker, the bottom line to this whole thing is we are going to present a Republican plan, and we are going to stand behind what we sell. It is better for the American people. But make no mistake about it: we are transferring power, authority, and responsibility not just to States, but also to the American people. It will be up to them to make determinations about their own health care because, for the first time, we will allow some 50 million Americans to have a tax equity, an op-portunity to use tax credits that will be available to families anywhere from $2,000 for an individual to $14,000 for a family. b1030 This will empower people who have not found a fair shot at the tax advan-tages it will give them: small-business owners; the American people; the aver-age worker in this country, including those who work two or three different jobs; as well as those who are unin-sured. We believe it is a better shot, an opportunity. We are willing to put our name on it and behind it. For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I urge us to move forward. There will be 4 hours of debate that remain in this opportunity. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule governing House consid-eration of H.R. 1628, the ‘‘American Health Care Act of 2017,’’ better known as ‘‘Trumpcare.’’ I oppose the rule, and the underlying legis-lation, for the following reasons: 1. The rule under consideration is brought pursuant to ‘‘martial law’’ rule passed yester-day which suspends the normal House proce-dure and allows for same day consideration, debate, and vote of legislation that will ad-versely affect the lives of everyone in America except for the top 1 percent; 2. The underlying bill is less than 2 weeks old and has not had a single hearing in any of the Committees of jurisdiction; and 3. The underlying bill does not reflect the input of nearly half the Members of this body because the legislation was drafted in secret, marked up in a single overnight session, and brought to the floor without incorporating a sin-gle amendment or idea proposed by the mi-nority. Mr. Speaker, none of us here has had a meaningful opportunity to review the bill, ‘‘Trumpcare 2.0’’ we are being asked to vote on. This bill has undergone significant revision from the one marked up just last week by the Budget Committee of which I am a member. Trumpcare 2.0 no doubt contains many sweeteners and olive branches granted by the Administration and House Republican leaders in backroom deals in a last ditch effort to se-cure the necessary votes of Republican mem-bers to take away health care from 24 million Americans, many of whom are among the most vulnerable persons in society. None of these changes to the bill before us has been scored by the Congressional Budget Office so we do not know exactly how many more millions of Americans will be hurt. But what is unlikely to change is that 14 mil-lion Americans will lose Medicaid coverage and more than 52 million persons will be unin-sured by 2026 under this Republican plan. In addition to terminating the ACA Medicaid expansion, the ‘‘Trumpcare’’ converts Med-icaid to a per-capita cap that is not guaranteed to keep pace with health costs starting in 2020. The combined effect of these policies is to slash $880 billion in federal Medicaid funding over the next decade. In short, Trumpcare represents a clear and present danger to the financial and health se-curity of American families, and to the very stability of our nation’s health care system overall. We should follow regular order in the con-sideration of all legislation, but especially in a matter with great importance to the American people that could impact nearly 300 million people. For these reasons, I believe the House should reject this rule and the underlying bill. Instead of trying to enact the largest transfer of wealth from the bottom 99 percent to the top 1 percent in history, House Republicans should work with Democrats to strengthen the Affordable Care Act which has and continues to make life-affirming differences for the better in the lives of more than 300 million Ameri-cans. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on: Adopting the resolution, if ordered; Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 1365; and, Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 236, nays 186, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 191] YEAS—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.024 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2391 March 24, 2017 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—7 
Higgins (NY) Johnson (GA) Lieu, Ted Payne Rush Takano Tsongas 
b1054 Messrs. O’HALLERAN, SCHNEIDER, and Mrs. TORRES changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 230, noes 194, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 192] AYES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—194 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.018 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2392 March 24, 2017 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—5 
Lieu, Ted Payne Rush Takano Tsongas 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 424, noes 0, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 193] AYES—424 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—5 
Lieu, Ted Payne Rush Takano Tsongas 
b1111 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HUIZENGA. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 218, nays 201, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 194] YEAS—218 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DesJarlais Deutch Doggett Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Esty Farenthold Faso 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.019 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2393 March 24, 2017 
Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Newhouse Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Perry Pocan Polis Posey Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thornberry Titus Torres Trott Vela Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—201 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Conaway Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings DeFazio DeGette Delaney Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Diaz-Balart Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Evans Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McEachin McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Moore Moulton Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sires Soto Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wilson (FL) Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Tonko 
NOT VOTING—9 
Budd Ca´rdenas Cole Gohmert Lieu, Ted McCollum Rush Takano Tsongas 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 228, I call up the bill (H.R. 1628) to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concur-rent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 228, the amendments specified in section 2 of House Resolution 228 shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 1628 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American Health Care Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents of this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—ENERGY AND COMMERCE Subtitle A—Patient Access to Public Health Programs Sec. 101. The Prevention and Public Health Fund. Sec. 102. Community health center program. Sec. 103. Federal payments to States. Subtitle B—Medicaid Program Enhancement Sec. 111. Repeal of Medicaid provisions. Sec. 112. Repeal of Medicaid expansion. Sec. 113. Elimination of DSH cuts. Sec. 114. Reducing State Medicaid costs. Sec. 115. Safety net funding for non-expan-sion States. Sec. 116. Providing incentives for increased frequency of eligibility redeter-minations. Subtitle C—Per Capita Allotment for Medical Assistance Sec. 121. Per capita allotment for medical assistance. Subtitle D—Patient Relief and Health Insurance Market Stability Sec. 131. Repeal of cost-sharing subsidy. Sec. 132. Patient and State Stability Fund. Sec. 133. Continuous health insurance cov-erage incentive. Sec. 134. Increasing coverage options. Sec. 135. Change in permissible age vari-ation in health insurance pre-mium rates. TITLE II—COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS Subtitle A—Repeal and Replace of Health- Related Tax Policy Sec. 201. Recapture excess advance pay-ments of premium tax credits. Sec. 202. Additional modifications to pre-mium tax credit. Sec. 203. Premium tax credit. Sec. 204. Small business tax credit. Sec. 205. Individual mandate. Sec. 206. Employer mandate. Sec. 207. Repeal of the tax on employee health insurance premiums and health plan benefits. Sec. 208. Repeal of tax on over-the-counter medications. Sec. 209. Repeal of increase of tax on health savings accounts. Sec. 210. Repeal of limitations on contribu-tions to flexible spending ac-counts. Sec. 211. Repeal of medical device excise tax. Sec. 212. Repeal of elimination of deduction for expenses allocable to medi-care part D subsidy. Sec. 213. Repeal of increase in income threshold for determining med-ical care deduction. Sec. 214. Repeal of Medicare tax increase. Sec. 215. Refundable tax credit for health in-surance coverage. Sec. 216. Maximum contribution limit to health savings account in-creased to amount of deductible and out-of-pocket limitation. Sec. 217. Allow both spouses to make catch- up contributions to the same health savings account. Sec. 218. Special rule for certain medical ex-penses incurred before estab-lishment of health savings ac-count. Subtitle B—Repeal of Certain Consumer Taxes Sec. 221. Repeal of tax on prescription medi-cations. Sec. 222. Repeal of health insurance tax. Subtitle C—Repeal of Tanning Tax Sec. 231. Repeal of tanning tax. Subtitle D—Remuneration From Certain Insurers Sec. 241. Remuneration from certain insur-ers. Subtitle E—Repeal of Net Investment Income Tax Sec. 251. Repeal of net investment income tax. TITLE I—ENERGY AND COMMERCE Subtitle A—Patient Access to Public Health Programs 
SEC. 101. THE PREVENTION AND PUBLIC HEALTH FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 4002 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11), as amended by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.022 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2394 March 24, 2017 
section 5009 of the 21st Century Cures Act, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’; and (B) by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting a period; and (3) by striking paragraphs (4) through (8). (b) R
ESCISSION OF UNOBLIGATED FUNDS .—Of the funds made available by such section 4002, the unobligated balance at the end of fiscal year 2018 is rescinded. 
SEC. 102. COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER PRO-GRAM. 
Effective as if included in the enactment of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10, 129 Stat. 87), paragraph (1) of section 221(a) of such Act is amended by inserting ‘‘, and an addi-tional $422,000,000 for fiscal year 2017’’ after ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 103. FEDERAL PAYMENTS TO STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 504(a), 1902(a)(23), 1903(a), 2002, 2005(a)(4), 2102(a)(7), or 2105(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 704(a), 1396a(a)(23), 1396b(a), 1397a, 1397d(a)(4), 1397bb(a)(7), 1397ee(a)(1)), or the terms of any Medicaid waiver in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is ap-proved under section 1115 or 1915 of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315, 1396n), for the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, no Federal funds provided from a program referred to in this subsection that is considered direct spending for any year may be made available to a State for payments to a prohibited entity, whether made directly to the prohibited en-tity or through a managed care organization under contract with the State. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) P
ROHIBITED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘prohib-ited entity’’ means an entity, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clin-ics— (A) that, as of the date of enactment of this Act— (i) is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; (ii) is an essential community provider de-scribed in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), that is primarily engaged in family planning services, repro-ductive health, and related medical care; and (iii) provides for abortions, other than an abortion— (I) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (II) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or phys-ical illness that would, as certified by a phy-sician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself; and (B) for which the total amount of Federal and State expenditures under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act in fiscal year 2014 made directly to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics of the entity, or made to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidi-aries, successors, or clinics of the entity as part of a nationwide health care provider network, exceeded $350,000,000. (2) D
IRECT SPENDING .—The term ‘‘direct spending’’ has the meaning given that term under section 250(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900(c)). Subtitle B—Medicaid Program Enhancement SEC. 111. REPEAL OF MEDICAID PROVISIONS. 
The Social Security Act is amended— (1) in section 1902 (42 U.S.C. 1396a)— (A) in subsection (a)(47)(B), by inserting ‘‘and provided that any such election shall cease to be effective on January 1, 2020, and no such election shall be made after that date’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (B) in subsection (l)(2)(C), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2019,’’ after ‘‘Janu-ary 1, 2014,’’; (2) in section 1915(k)(2) (42 U.S.C. 1396n(k)(2)), by striking ‘‘during the period described in paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘on or after the date referred to in paragraph (1) and before January 1, 2020’’; and (3) in section 1920(e) (42 U.S.C. 1396r–1(e)), by striking ‘‘under clause (i)(VIII), clause (i)(IX), or clause (ii)(XX) of subsection (a)(10)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘under clause (i)(VIII) or clause (ii)(XX) of section 1902(a)(10)(A) before January 1, 2020, section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)(IX),’’. 
SEC. 112. REPEAL OF MEDICAID EXPANSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1902 (42 U.S.C. 1396a)— (A) in subsection (a)(10)(A)— (i) in clause (i)(VIII), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2019,’’ after ‘‘2014,’’; (ii) in clause (ii)(XX), by inserting ‘‘and ending December 31, 2017,’’ after ‘‘2014,’’; and (iii) in clause (ii), by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(XXIII) beginning January 1, 2020— ‘‘(aa) who are expansion enrollees (as de-fined in subsection (nn)(1)); or ‘‘(bb) who are grandfathered expansion en-rollees (as defined in subsection (nn)(2));’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(nn) E
XPANSION ENROLLEES .—In this title: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘expansion en-rollee’ means an individual— ‘‘(A) who is under 65 years of age; ‘‘(B) who is not pregnant; ‘‘(C) who is not entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under part A of title XVIII, or en-rolled for benefits under part B of title XVIII; ‘‘(D) who is not described in any of sub-clauses (I) through (VII) of subsection (a)(10)(A)(i); and ‘‘(E) whose income (as determined under subsection (e)(14)) does not exceed 133 per-cent of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved. ‘‘(2) G
RANDFATHERED EXPANSION ENROLL -
EES.—The term ‘grandfathered expansion en-rollee’ means an expansion enrollee who— ‘‘(A) was enrolled under the State plan under this title (or under a waiver of such plan) as of December 31, 2019; and ‘‘(B) does not have a break in eligibility for medical assistance under such State plan (or waiver) for more than one month after such date. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION OF RELATED PROVISIONS .— Any reference in subsection (a)(10)(G), (k), or (gg) of this section or in section 1903, 1905(a), 1920(e), or 1937(a)(1)(B) to individuals de-scribed in subclause (VIII) of subsection (a)(10)(A)(i) shall be deemed to include a ref-erence to expansion enrollees (including grandfathered expansion enrollees).’’; and (2) in section 1905 (42 U.S.C. 1396d)— (A) in subsection (y)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and that has elected to cover newly eligible individuals before March 1, 2017’’ after ‘‘that is one of the 50 States or the District of Columbia’’; and (ii) by inserting after ‘‘subclause (VIII) of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i)’’ the following: ‘‘who, for periods after December 31, 2019, are grandfathered expansion enrollees (as de-fined in section 1902(nn)(2))’’; and (B) in subsection (z)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting after ‘‘section 1937’’ the following: ‘‘and, for peri-ods after December 31, 2019, who are grand-fathered expansion enrollees (as defined in section 1902(nn)(2))’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii)— (I) in subclause (III), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) by striking subclauses (IV), (V), and (VI) and inserting the following new sub-clause: ‘‘(IV) 2017 and each subsequent year is 80 percent.’’. (b) SUNSET OF ESSENTIAL HEALTH BENEFITS  R
EQUIREMENT .—Section 1937(b)(5) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396u–7(b)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This paragraph shall not apply after De-cember 31, 2019.’’. 
SEC. 113. ELIMINATION OF DSH CUTS. 
Section 1923(f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–4(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (7)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i)— (I) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘2025’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; and (ii) in clause (ii)— (I) in subclause (I), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) in subclause (II), by striking the semi-colon at the end and inserting a period; and (III) by striking subclauses (III) through (VIII); and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) E
XEMPTION FROM REDUCTION FOR NON - 
EXPANSION STATES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State that is a non-expansion State for a fiscal year, subparagraph (A)(i) shall not apply to the DSH allotment for such State and fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) N
O CHANGE IN REDUCTION FOR EXPAN -
SION STATES .—In the case of a State that is an expansion State for a fiscal year, the DSH allotment for such State and fiscal year shall be determined as if clause (i) did not apply. ‘‘(iii) N
ON-EXPANSION AND EXPANSION STATE  
DEFINED .— ‘‘(I) The term ‘expansion State’ means with respect to a fiscal year, a State that, as of July 1 of the preceding fiscal year, pro-vides for eligibility under clause (i)(VIII) or (ii)(XX) of section 1902(a)(10)(A) for medical assistance under this title (or a waiver of the State plan approved under section 1115). ‘‘(II) The term ‘non-expansion State’ means, with respect to a fiscal year, a State that is not an expansion State.’’; and (2) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2025’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. 
SEC. 114. REDUCING STATE MEDICAID COSTS. 
(a) L ETTING STATES DISENROLL HIGHDOL-
LARLOTTERY WINNERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1902 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(17), by striking ‘‘(e)(14), (e)(14)’’ and inserting ‘‘(e)(14), (e)(15)’’; and (B) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (14) (relating to modified adjusted gross income), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(J) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN LOTTERY  
WINNINGS AND INCOME RECEIVED AS A LUMP  
SUM.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual who is the recipient of qualified lot-tery winnings (pursuant to lotteries occur-ring on or after January 1, 2020) or qualified lump sum income (received on or after such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.001 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2395 March 24, 2017 
date) and whose eligibility for medical as-sistance is determined based on the applica-tion of modified adjusted gross income under subparagraph (A), a State shall, in deter-mining such eligibility, include such winnings or income (as applicable) as income received— ‘‘(I) in the month in which such winnings or income (as applicable) is received if the amount of such winnings or income is less than $80,000; ‘‘(II) over a period of 2 months if the amount of such winnings or income (as appli-cable) is greater than or equal to $80,000 but less than $90,000; ‘‘(III) over a period of 3 months if the amount of such winnings or income (as appli-cable) is greater than or equal to $90,000 but less than $100,000; and ‘‘(IV) over a period of 3 months plus 1 addi-tional month for each increment of $10,000 of such winnings or income (as applicable) re-ceived, not to exceed a period of 120 months (for winnings or income of $1,260,000 or more), if the amount of such winnings or in-come is greater than or equal to $100,000. ‘‘(ii) C
OUNTING IN EQUAL INSTALLMENTS .— For purposes of subclauses (II), (III), and (IV) of clause (i), winnings or income to which such subclause applies shall be counted in equal monthly installments over the period of months specified under such subclause. ‘‘(iii) H
ARDSHIP EXEMPTION .—An individual whose income, by application of clause (i), exceeds the applicable eligibility threshold established by the State, may continue to be eligible for medical assistance to the extent that the State determines, under procedures established by the State under the State plan (or in the case of a waiver of the plan under section 1115, incorporated in such waiver), or as otherwise established by such State in accordance with such standards as may be specified by the Secretary, that the denial of eligibility of the individual would cause an undue medical or financial hardship as determined on the basis of criteria estab-lished by the Secretary. ‘‘(iv) N
OTIFICATIONS AND ASSISTANCE RE -
QUIRED IN CASE OF LOSS OF ELIGIBILITY .—A State shall, with respect to an individual who loses eligibility for medical assistance under the State plan (or a waiver of such plan) by reason of clause (i), before the date on which the individual loses such eligi-bility, inform the individual of the date on which the individual would no longer be con-sidered ineligible by reason of such clause to receive medical assistance under the State plan or under any waiver of such plan and the date on which the individual would be el-igible to reapply to receive such medical as-sistance. ‘‘(v) Q
UALIFIED LOTTERY WINNINGS DE -
FINED .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘qualified lottery winnings’ means winnings from a sweepstakes, lottery, or pool de-scribed in paragraph (3) of section 4402 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or a lottery operated by a multistate or multijuris-dictional lottery association, including amounts awarded as a lump sum payment. ‘‘(vi) Q
UALIFIED LUMP SUM INCOME DE -
FINED .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘qualified lump sum income’ means income that is received as a lump sum from one of the following sources: ‘‘(I) Monetary winnings from gambling (as defined by the Secretary and including mon-etary winnings from gambling activities de-scribed in section 1955(b)(4) of title 18, United States Code). ‘‘(II) Income received as liquid assets from the estate (as defined in section 1917(b)(4)) of a deceased individual.’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘(14) E
XCLUSION ’’ and in- serting ‘‘(15) E
XCLUSION ’’. (2) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (A) INTERCEPTION OF LOTTERY WINNINGS AL -
LOWED .—Nothing in the amendment made by paragraph (1)(B)(i) shall be construed as pre-venting a State from intercepting the State lottery winnings awarded to an individual in the State to recover amounts paid by the State under the State Medicaid plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act for med-ical assistance furnished to the individual. (B) A
PPLICABILITY LIMITED TO ELIGIBILITY  
OF RECIPIENT OF LOTTERY WINNINGS OR LUMP  
SUM INCOME .—Nothing in the amendment made by paragraph (1)(B)(i) shall be con-strued, with respect to a determination of household income for purposes of a deter-mination of eligibility for medical assistance under the State plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) (or a waiver of such plan) made by applying modified adjusted gross income under sub-paragraph (A) of section 1902(e)(14) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(e)(14)), as limiting the eligibility for such medical assistance of any individual that is a member of the household other than the individual (or the individual’s spouse) who received qualified lottery winnings or qualified lump-sum income (as defined in subparagraph (J) of such section 1902(e)(14), as added by paragraph (1)(B)(i) of this subsection). (b) R
EPEAL OF RETROACTIVE ELIGIBILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) S
TATE PLAN REQUIREMENTS .—Section 1902(a)(34) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(34)) is amended by striking ‘‘in or after the third month before the month in which he made application’’ and in-serting ‘‘in or after the month in which the individual made application’’. (B) D
EFINITION OF MEDICAL ASSISTANCE .— Section 1905(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘in or after the third month before the month in which the recipient makes application for assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘in or after the month in which the recipient makes applica-tion for assistance’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall apply to medical assistance with respect to individuals whose eligibility for such assistance is based on an application for such assistance made (or deemed to be made) on or after October 1, 2017. (c) U
PDATING ALLOWABLE HOME EQUITY  L
IMITS IN MEDICAID .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1917(f)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396p(f)(1)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-paragraphs (B) and (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraph (B)’’; (B) by striking subparagraph (B); (C) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); and (D) in subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘dollar amounts specified in this paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘dollar amount specified in subparagraph (A)’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to eligibility determinations made after the date that is 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this section. (B) E
XCEPTION FOR STATE LEGISLATION .—In the case of a State plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act that the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines re-quires State legislation in order for the re-spective plan to meet any requirement im-posed by amendments made by this sub-section, the respective plan shall not be re-garded as failing to comply with the require-ments of such title solely on the basis of its failure to meet such an additional require-ment before the first day of the first cal-endar quarter beginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legisla-ture that begins after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. For purposes of the pre-vious sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2-year legislative session, each year of the session shall be considered to be a sepa-rate regular session of the State legislature. SEC. 115. SAFETY NET FUNDING FOR NON-EXPAN-SION STATES. 
Title XIX of the Social Security Act is amended by inserting after section 1923 (42 U.S.C. 1396r–4) the following new section: ‘‘
ADJUSTMENT IN PAYMENT FOR SERVICES OF  
SAFETY NET PROVIDERS IN NON -EXPANSION  
STATES  ‘‘S
EC. 1923A. (a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the limitations of this section, for each year during the period beginning with fiscal year 2018 and ending with fiscal year 2022, each State that is one of the 50 States or the Dis-trict of Columbia and that, as of July 1 of the preceding fiscal year, did not provide for eligibility under clause (i)(VIII) or (ii)(XX) of section 1902(a)(10)(A) for medical assistance under this title (or a waiver of the State plan approved under section 1115) (each such State or District referred to in this section for the fiscal year as a ‘non-expansion State’) may adjust the payment amounts otherwise provided under the State plan under this title (or a waiver of such plan) to health care providers that provide health care services to individuals enrolled under this title (in this section referred to as ‘eligi-ble providers’) so long as the payment ad-justment to such an eligible provider does not exceed the provider’s costs in furnishing health care services (as determined by the Secretary and net of payments under this title, other than under this section, and by uninsured patients) to individuals who either are eligible for medical assistance under the State plan (or under a waiver of such plan) or have no health insurance or health plan coverage for such services. ‘‘(b) I
NCREASE IN APPLICABLE FMAP.—Not-withstanding section 1905(b), the Federal medical assistance percentage applicable with respect to expenditures attributable to a payment adjustment under subsection (a) for which payment is permitted under sub-section (c) shall be equal to— ‘‘(1) 100 percent for calendar quarters in fis-cal years 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021; and ‘‘(2) 95 percent for calendar quarters in fis-cal year 2022. ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL ALLOTMENT LIMITATION .—Pay- ment under section 1903(a) shall not be made to a State with respect to any payment ad-justment made under this section for all cal-endar quarters in a fiscal year in excess of the $2,000,000,000 multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(1) the population of the State with in-come below 138 percent of the poverty line in 2015 (as determined based the table entitled ‘Health Insurance Coverage Status and Type by Ratio of Income to Poverty Level in the Past 12 Months by Age’ for the universe of the civilian noninstitutionalized population for whom poverty status is determined based on the 2015 American Community Survey 1– Year Estimates, as published by the Bureau of the Census), to ‘‘(2) the sum of the populations under para-graph (1) for all non-expansion States. ‘‘(d) D
ISQUALIFICATION IN CASE OF STATE  C
OVERAGE EXPANSION .—If a State is a non-ex-pansion for a fiscal year and provides eligi-bility for medical assistance described in subsection (a) during the fiscal year, the State shall no longer be treated as a non-ex-pansion State under this section for any sub-sequent fiscal years.’’. 
SEC. 116. PROVIDING INCENTIVES FOR IN-CREASED FREQUENCY OF ELIGI-BILITY REDETERMINATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1902(e)(14) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(e)(14)) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.001 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2396 March 24, 2017 
(relating to modified adjusted gross income), as amended by section 114(a)(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) F
REQUENCY OF ELIGIBILITY REDETER -
MINATIONS .—Beginning on October 1, 2017, and notwithstanding subparagraph (H), in the case of an individual whose eligibility for medical assistance under the State plan under this title (or a waiver of such plan) is determined based on the application of modi-fied adjusted gross income under subpara-graph (A) and who is so eligible on the basis of clause (i)(VIII) or clause (ii)(XX) of sub-section (a)(10)(A), a State shall redetermine such individual’s eligibility for such medical assistance no less frequently than once every 6 months.’’. (b) I
NCREASED ADMINISTRATIVE MATCHING  P
ERCENTAGE .—For each calendar quarter during the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2019, the Federal matching percentage otherwise ap-plicable under section 1903(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(a)) with respect to State expenditures during such quarter that are attributable to meeting the require-ment of section 1902(e)(14) (relating to deter-minations of eligibility using modified ad-justed gross income) of such Act shall be in-creased by 5 percentage points with respect to State expenditures attributable to activi-ties carried out by the State (and approved by the Secretary) to increase the frequency of eligibility redeterminations required by subparagraph (K) of such section (relating to eligibility redeterminations made on a 6- month basis) (as added by subsection (a)). 
SEC. 117. PERMITTING STATES TO APPLY A WORK REQUIREMENT FOR NONDISABLED, NONELDERLY, NONPREGNANT ADULTS UNDER MEDICAID. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1902 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a), as previously amended, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(oo) W
ORKREQUIREMENT OPTION FOR NON-
DISABLED , N ONELDERLY , N ONPREGNANT  A
DULTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning October 1, 2017, subject to paragraph (3), a State may elect to condition medical assistance to a nondisabled, nonelderly, nonpregnant indi-vidual under this title upon such an individ-ual’s satisfaction of a work requirement (as defined in paragraph (2)). ‘‘(2) W
ORK REQUIREMENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘work requirement’ means, with respect to an individual, the individ-ual’s participation in work activities (as de-fined in section 407(d)) for such period of time as determined by the State, and as di-rected and administered by the State. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIRED EXCEPTIONS .—States admin-istering a work requirement under this sub-section may not apply such requirement to— ‘‘(A) a woman during pregnancy through the end of the month in which the 60-day pe-riod (beginning on the last day of her preg-nancy) ends; ‘‘(B) an individual who is under 19 years of age; ‘‘(C) an individual who is the only parent or caretaker relative in the family of a child who has not attained 6 years of age or who is the only parent or caretaker of a child with disabilities; or ‘‘(D) an individual who is married or a head of household and has not attained 20 years of age and who— ‘‘(i) maintains satisfactory attendance at secondary school or the equivalent; or ‘‘(ii) participates in education directly re-lated to employment.’’. (b) I
NCREASE IN MATCHING RATE FOR IMPLE -
MENTATION .—Section 1903 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(aa) The Federal matching percentage otherwise applicable under subsection (a) with respect to State administrative expend-itures during a calendar quarter for which the State receives payment under such sub-section shall, in addition to any other in-crease to such Federal matching percentage, be increased for such calendar quarter by 5 percentage points with respect to State ex-penditures attributable to activities carried out by the State (and approved by the Sec-retary) to implement subsection (oo) of sec-tion 1902.’’. Subtitle C—Per Capita Allotment for Medical Assistance SEC. 121. PER CAPITA ALLOTMENT FOR MEDICAL ASSISTANCE. 
Title XIX of the Social Security Act is amended— (1) in section 1903 (42 U.S.C. 1396b)— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter before paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and section 1903A(a)’’ after ‘‘except as otherwise provided in this section’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘to which’’ and inserting ‘‘to which, subject to section 1903A(a),’’; and (2) by inserting after such section 1903 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1903A. PER CAPITA-BASED CAP ON PAY-MENTS FOR MEDICAL ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION OF PERCAPITA CAP ON  P
AYMENTS FOR MEDICAL ASSISTANCE EXPEND -
ITURES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a State has excess ag-gregate medical assistance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for a fiscal year (be-ginning with fiscal year 2020), the amount of payment to the State under section 1903(a)(1) for each quarter in the following fiscal year shall be reduced by 
1⁄4of the excess aggregate medical assistance payments (as defined in paragraph (3)) for that previous fiscal year. In this section, the term ‘State’ means only the 50 States and the District of Columbia. ‘‘(2) E
XCESS AGGREGATE MEDICAL ASSIST -
ANCE EXPENDITURES .—In this subsection, the term ‘excess aggregate medical assistance expenditures’ means, for a State for a fiscal year, the amount (if any) by which— ‘‘(A) the amount of the adjusted total med-ical assistance expenditures (as defined in subsection (b)(1)) for the State and fiscal year; exceeds ‘‘(B) the amount of the target total med-ical assistance expenditures (as defined in subsection (c)) for the State and fiscal year. ‘‘(3) E
XCESS AGGREGATE MEDICAL ASSIST -
ANCE PAYMENTS .—In this subsection, the term ‘excess aggregate medical assistance payments’ means, for a State for a fiscal year, the product of— ‘‘(A) the excess aggregate medical assist-ance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for the State for the fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) the Federal average medical assist-ance matching percentage (as defined in paragraph (4)) for the State for the fiscal year. ‘‘(4) F
EDERAL AVERAGE MEDICAL ASSISTANCE  
MATCHING PERCENTAGE .—In this subsection, the term ‘Federal average medical assistance matching percentage’ means, for a State for a fiscal year, the ratio (expressed as a per-centage) of— ‘‘(A) the amount of the Federal payments that would be made to the State under sec-tion 1903(a)(1) for medical assistance expend-itures for calendar quarters in the fiscal year if paragraph (1) did not apply; to ‘‘(B) the amount of the medical assistance expenditures for the State and fiscal year. ‘‘(b) A
DJUSTED TOTAL MEDICAL ASSISTANCE  E
XPENDITURES .—Subject to subsection (g), the following shall apply: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘adjusted total medical assistance expendi-tures’ means, for a State— ‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2016, the product of— ‘‘(i) the amount of the medical assistance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for the State and fiscal year, reduced by the amount of any excluded expenditures (as de-fined in paragraph (3)) for the State and fis-cal year otherwise included in such medical assistance expenditures; and ‘‘(ii) the 1903A FY16 population percentage (as defined in paragraph (4)) for the State; or ‘‘(B) for fiscal year 2019 or a subsequent fis-cal year, the amount of the medical assist-ance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for the State and fiscal year that is at-tributable to 1903A enrollees, reduced by the amount of any excluded expenditures (as de-fined in paragraph (3)) for the State and fis-cal year otherwise included in such medical assistance expenditures and includes non- DSH supplemental payments (as defined in subsection (d)(4)(A)(ii)) and payments de-scribed in subsection (d)(4)(A)(iii) but shall not be construed as including any expendi-tures attributable to the program under sec-tion 1928. In applying subparagraph (B), non- DSH supplemental payments (as defined in subsection (d)(4)(A)(ii)) and payments de-scribed in subsection (d)(4)(A)(iii) shall be treated as fully attributable to 1903A enroll-ees. ‘‘(2) MEDICAL ASSISTANCE EXPENDITURES .— In this section, the term ‘medical assistance expenditures’ means, for a State and fiscal year, the medical assistance payments as re-ported by medical service category on the Form CMS-64 quarterly expense report (or successor to such a report form, and includ-ing enrollment data and subsequent adjust-ments to any such report, in this section re-ferred to collectively as a ‘CMS-64 report’) for which payment is (or may otherwise be) made pursuant to section 1903(a)(1). ‘‘(3) E
XCLUDED EXPENDITURES .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘excluded expenditures’ means, for a State and fiscal year, expendi-tures under the State plan (or under a waiver of such plan) that are attributable to any of the following: ‘‘(A) DSH.—Payment adjustments made for disproportionate share hospitals under sec-tion 1923. ‘‘(B) M
EDICARE COST -SHARING .—Payments made for medicare cost-sharing (as defined in section 1905(p)(3)). ‘‘(C) S
AFETY NET PROVIDER PAYMENT AD -
JUSTMENTS IN NON -EXPANSION STATES .—Pay- ment adjustments under subsection (a) of section 1923A for which payment is per-mitted under subsection (c) of such section. ‘‘(4) 1903A 
FY 16 POPULATION PERCENTAGE .— In this subsection, the term ‘1903A FY16 pop-ulation percentage’ means, for a State, the Secretary’s calculation of the percentage of the actual medical assistance expenditures, as reported by the State on the CMS–64 re-ports for calendar quarters in fiscal year 2016, that are attributable to 1903A enrollees (as defined in subsection (e)(1)). ‘‘(c) T
ARGET TOTAL MEDICAL ASSISTANCE  E
XPENDITURES .— ‘‘(1) C
ALCULATION .—In this section, the term ‘target total medical assistance ex-penditures’ means, for a State for a fiscal year and subject to paragraph (4), the sum of the products, for each of the 1903A enrollee categories (as defined in subsection (e)(2)), of— ‘‘(A) the target per capita medical assist-ance expenditures (as defined in paragraph (2)) for the enrollee category, State, and fis-cal year; and ‘‘(B) the number of 1903A enrollees for such enrollee category, State, and fiscal year, as determined under subsection (e)(4). ‘‘(2) T
ARGET PER CAPITA MEDICAL ASSIST -
ANCE EXPENDITURES .—In this subsection, the term ‘target per capita medical assistance expenditures’ means, for a 1903A enrollee category and State— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.001 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2397 March 24, 2017 
‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2020, an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) the provisional FY19 target per capita amount for such enrollee category (as cal-culated under subsection (d)(5)) for the State; increased by ‘‘(ii) the applicable annual inflation factor (as defined in paragraph (3)) for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(B) for each succeeding fiscal year, an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) the target per capita medical assist-ance expenditures (under subparagraph (A) or this subparagraph) for the 1903A enrollee category and State for the preceding fiscal year, increased by ‘‘(ii) the applicable annual inflation factor for that succeeding fiscal year. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE ANNUAL INFLATION FAC -
TOR.—In paragraph (2), the term ‘applicable annual inflation factor’ means, for a fiscal year— ‘‘(A) for each of the 1903A enrollee cat-egories described in subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) of subsection (e)(2), the percentage increase in the medical care component of the consumer price index for all urban con-sumers (U.S. city average) from September of the previous fiscal year to September of the fiscal year involved; and ‘‘(B) for each of the 1903A enrollee cat-egories described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (e)(2), the percentage in-crease described in subparagraph (A) plus 1 percentage point. ‘‘(4) D
ECREASE IN TARGET EXPENDITURES  
FOR REQUIRED EXPENDITURES BY CERTAIN PO -
LITICAL SUBDIVISIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State that had a DSH allotment under section 1923(f) for fiscal year 2016 that was more than 6 times the national average of such allot-ments for all the States for such fiscal year and that requires political subdivisions with-in the State to contribute funds towards medical assistance or other expenditures under the State plan under this title (or under a waiver of such plan) for a fiscal year (beginning with fiscal year 2020), the target total medical assistance expenditures for such State and fiscal year shall be decreased by the amount that political subdivisions in the State are required to contribute under the plan (or waiver) without reimbursement from the State for such fiscal year, other than contributions described in subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—The contributions de-scribed in this subparagraph are the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) Contributions required by a State from a political subdivision that, as of the first day of the calendar year in which the fiscal year involved begins— ‘‘(I) has a population of more than 5,000,000, as estimated by the Bureau of the Census; and ‘‘(II) imposes a local income tax upon its residents. ‘‘(ii) Contributions required by a State from a political subdivision for administra-tive expenses if the State required such con-tributions from such subdivision without re-imbursement from the State as of January 1, 2017. ‘‘(d) C
ALCULATION OF FY19 P ROVISIONAL  T
ARGET AMOUNT FOR EACH 1903A E NROLLEE  C
ATEGORY .—Subject to subsection (g), the following shall apply: ‘‘(1) C
ALCULATION OF BASE AMOUNTS FOR  
FISCAL YEAR 2016 .—For each State the Sec-retary shall calculate (and provide notice to the State not later than April 1, 2018, of) the following: ‘‘(A) The amount of the adjusted total medical assistance expenditures (as defined in subsection (b)(1)) for the State for fiscal year 2016. ‘‘(B) The number of 1903A enrollees for the State in fiscal year 2016 (as determined under subsection (e)(4)). ‘‘(C) The average per capita medical assist-ance expenditures for the State for fiscal year 2016 equal to— ‘‘(i) the amount calculated under subpara-graph (A); divided by ‘‘(ii) the number calculated under subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(2) FISCAL YEAR 2019 AVERAGE PER CAPITA  
AMOUNT BASED ON INFLATING THE FISCAL YEAR  
2016 AMOUNT TO FISCAL YEAR 2019 BY CPI -MED-
ICAL.—The Secretary shall calculate a fiscal year 2019 average per capita amount for each State equal to— ‘‘(A) the average per capita medical assist-ance expenditures for the State for fiscal year 2016 (calculated under paragraph (1)(C)); increased by ‘‘(B) the percentage increase in the med-ical care component of the consumer price index for all urban consumers (U.S. city av-erage) from September, 2016 to September, 2019. ‘‘(3) A
GGREGATE AND AVERAGE EXPENDI -
TURES PER CAPITA FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 .—The Secretary shall calculate for each State the following: ‘‘(A) The amount of the adjusted total medical assistance expenditures (as defined in subsection (b)(1)) for the State for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(B) The number of 1903A enrollees for the State in fiscal year 2019 (as determined under subsection (e)(4)). ‘‘(4) P
ER CAPITA EXPENDITURES FOR FISCAL  
YEAR 2019 FOR EACH 1903A ENROLLEE CAT -
EGORY .—The Secretary shall calculate (and provide notice to each State not later than January 1, 2020, of) the following: ‘‘(A)(i) For each 1903A enrollee category, the amount of the adjusted total medical as-sistance expenditures (as defined in sub-section (b)(1)) for the State for fiscal year 2019 for individuals in the enrollee category, calculated by excluding from medical assist-ance expenditures those expenditures attrib-utable to expenditures described in clause (iii) or non-DSH supplemental expenditures (as defined in clause (ii)). ‘‘(ii) In this paragraph, the term ‘non-DSH supplemental expenditure’ means a payment to a provider under the State plan (or under a waiver of the plan) that— ‘‘(I) is not made under section 1923; ‘‘(II) is not made with respect to a specific item or service for an individual; ‘‘(III) is in addition to any payments made to the provider under the plan (or waiver) for any such item or service; and ‘‘(IV) complies with the limits for addi-tional payments to providers under the plan (or waiver) imposed pursuant to section 1902(a)(30)(A), including the regulations specifying upper payment limits under the State plan in part 447 of title 42, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or any successor regula-tions). ‘‘(iii) An expenditure described in this clause is an expenditure that meets the cri-teria specified in subclauses (I), (II), and (III) of clause (ii) and is authorized under section 1115 for the purposes of funding a delivery system reform pool, uncompensated care pool, a designated state health program, or any other similar expenditure (as defined by the Secretary). ‘‘(B) For each 1903A enrollee category, the number of 1903A enrollees for the State in fiscal year 2019 in the enrollee category (as determined under subsection (e)(4)). ‘‘(C) For fiscal year 2016, the State’s non- DSH supplemental and pool payment per-centage is equal to the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of— ‘‘(i) the total amount of non-DSH supple-mental expenditures (as defined in subpara-graph (A)(ii)) and payments described in sub-paragraph (A)(iii) for the State for fiscal year 2016; to ‘‘(ii) the amount described in subsection (b)(1)(A) for the State for fiscal year 2016. ‘‘(D) For each 1903A enrollee category an average medical assistance expenditures per capita for the State for fiscal year 2019 for the enrollee category equal to— ‘‘(i) the amount calculated under subpara-graph (A) for the State, increased by the non-DSH supplemental and pool payment percentage for the State (as calculated under subparagraph (C)); divided by ‘‘(ii) the number calculated under subpara-graph (B) for the State for the enrollee cat-egory. ‘‘(5) PROVISIONAL FY19 PER CAPITA TARGET  
AMOUNT FOR EACH 1903A ENROLLEE CATEGORY .— Subject to subsection (f)(2), the Secretary shall calculate for each State a provisional FY19 per capita target amount for each 1903A enrollee category equal to the average med-ical assistance expenditures per capita for the State for fiscal year 2019 (as calculated under paragraph (4)(D)) for such enrollee cat-egory multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(A) the product of— ‘‘(i) the fiscal year 2019 average per capita amount for the State, as calculated under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) the number of 1903A enrollees for the State in fiscal year 2019, as calculated under paragraph (3)(B); to ‘‘(B) the amount of the adjusted total med-ical assistance expenditures for the State for fiscal year 2019, as calculated under para-graph (3)(A). ‘‘(e) 1903A E
NROLLEE ; 1903A E NROLLEE CAT-
EGORY .—Subject to subsection (g), for pur-poses of this section, the following shall apply: ‘‘(1) 1903A 
ENROLLEE .—The term ‘1903A en-rollee’ means, with respect to a State and a month and subject to subsection (i)(1)(B), any Medicaid enrollee (as defined in para-graph (3)) for the month, other than such an enrollee who for such month is in any of the following categories of excluded individuals: ‘‘(A) CHIP.—An individual who is provided, under this title in the manner described in section 2101(a)(2), child health assistance under title XXI. ‘‘(B) IHS.—An individual who receives any medical assistance under this title for serv-ices for which payment is made under the third sentence of section 1905(b). ‘‘(C) B
REAST AND CERVICAL CANCER SERV -
ICES ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .—An individual who is entitled to medical assistance under this title only pursuant to section 1902(a)(10)(A)(ii)(XVIII). ‘‘(D) P
ARTIAL -BENEFIT ENROLLEES .—An in- dividual who— ‘‘(i) is an alien who is entitled to medical assistance under this title only pursuant to section 1903(v)(2); ‘‘(ii) is entitled to medical assistance under this title only pursuant to subclause (XII) or (XXI) of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(ii) (or pursuant to a waiver that provides only com-parable benefits); ‘‘(iii) is a dual eligible individual (as de-fined in section 1915(h)(2)(B)) and is entitled to medical assistance under this title (or under a waiver) only for some or all of medi-care cost-sharing (as defined in section 1905(p)(3)); or ‘‘(iv) is entitled to medical assistance under this title and for whom the State is providing a payment or subsidy to an em-ployer for coverage of the individual under a group health plan pursuant to section 1906 or section 1906A (or pursuant to a waiver that provides only comparable benefits). ‘‘(2) 1903A 
ENROLLEE CATEGORY .—The term ‘1903A enrollee category’ means each of the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.001 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2398 March 24, 2017 
‘‘(A) E LDERLY .—A category of 1903A enroll-ees who are 65 years of age or older. ‘‘(B) B
LIND AND DISABLED .—A category of 1903A enrollees (not described in the previous subparagraph) who are eligible for medical assistance under this title on the basis of being blind or disabled. ‘‘(C) C
HILDREN .—A category of 1903A enroll-ees (not described in a previous subpara-graph) who are children under 19 years of age. ‘‘(D) E
XPANSION ENROLLEES .—A category of 1903A enrollees (not described in a previous subparagraph) for whom the amounts ex-pended for medical assistance are subject to an increase or change in the Federal medical assistance percentage under subsection (y) or (z)(2), respectively, of section 1905. ‘‘(E) O
THER NONELDERLY , NONDISABLED , 
NON-EXPANSION ADULTS .—A category of 1903A enrollees who are not described in any pre-vious subparagraph. ‘‘(3) M
EDICAID ENROLLEE .—The term ‘Med-icaid enrollee’ means, with respect to a State for a month, an individual who is eligible for medical assistance for items or services under this title and enrolled under the State plan (or a waiver of such plan) under this title for the month. ‘‘(4) D
ETERMINATION OF NUMBER OF 1903A EN -
ROLLEES .—The number of 1903A enrollees for a State and fiscal year, and, if applicable, for a 1903A enrollee category, is the average monthly number of Medicaid enrollees for such State and fiscal year (and, if applicable, in such category) that are reported through the CMS–64 report under (and subject to audit under) subsection (h). ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL PAYMENT RULES .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION IN CASE OF RESEARCH AND  
DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS AND OTHER WAIV -
ERS.—In the case of a State with a waiver of the State plan approved under section 1115, section 1915, or another provision of this title, this section shall apply to medical as-sistance expenditures and medical assistance payments under the waiver, in the same manner as if such expenditures and pay-ments had been made under a State plan under this title and the limitations on ex-penditures under this section shall supersede any other payment limitations or provisions (including limitations based on a per capita limitation) otherwise applicable under such a waiver. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF STATES EXPANDING COV -
ERAGE AFTER FISCAL YEAR 2016 .—In the case of a State that did not provide for medical as-sistance for the 1903A enrollee category de-scribed in subsection (e)(2)(D) during fiscal year 2016 but which provides for such assist-ance for such category in a subsequent year, the provisional FY19 per capita target amount for such enrollee category under subsection (d)(5) shall be equal to the provi-sional FY19 per capita target amount for the 1903A enrollee category described in sub-section (e)(2)(E). ‘‘(3) I
N CASE OF STATE FAILURE TO REPORT  
NECESSARY DATA .—If a State for any quarter in a fiscal year (beginning with fiscal year 2019) fails to satisfactorily submit data on expenditures and enrollees in accordance with subsection (h)(1), for such fiscal year and any succeeding fiscal year for which such data are not satisfactorily submitted— ‘‘(A) the Secretary shall calculate and apply subsections (a) through (e) with re-spect to the State as if all 1903A enrollee cat-egories for which such expenditure and en-rollee data were not satisfactorily submitted were a single 1903A enrollee category; and ‘‘(B) the growth factor otherwise applied under subsection (c)(2)(B) shall be decreased by 1 percentage point. ‘‘(g) R
ECALCULATION OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS  
FOR DATA ERRORS .—The amounts and per-centage calculated under paragraphs (1) and (4)(C) of subsection (d) for a State for fiscal year 2016, and the amounts of the adjusted total medical assistance expenditures cal-culated under subsection (b) and the number of Medicaid enrollees and 1903A enrollees de-termined under subsection (e)(4) for a State for fiscal year 2016, fiscal year 2019, and any subsequent fiscal year, may be adjusted by the Secretary based upon an appeal (filed by the State in such a form, manner, and time, and containing such information relating to data errors that support such appeal, as the Secretary specifies) that the Secretary de-termines to be valid, except that any adjust-ment by the Secretary under this subsection for a State may not result in an increase of the target total medical assistance expendi-tures exceeding 2 percent. ‘‘(h) REQUIRED REPORTING AND AUDITING OF  CMS–64 D
ATA; T RANSITIONAL INCREASE IN  F
EDERAL MATCHING PERCENTAGE FOR CERTAIN  A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORTING .—In addition to the data required on form Group VIII on the CMS–64 report form as of January 1, 2017, in each CMS-64 report required to be submitted (for each quarter beginning on or after October 1, 2018), the State shall include data on medical assistance expenditures within such cat-egories of services and categories of enroll-ees (including each 1903A enrollee category and each category of excluded individuals under subsection (e)(1)) and the numbers of enrollees within each of such enrollee cat-egories, as the Secretary determines are nec-essary (including timely guidance published as soon as possible after the date of the en-actment of this section) in order to imple-ment this section and to enable States to comply with the requirement of this para-graph on a timely basis. ‘‘(2) A
UDITING .—The Secretary shall con-duct for each State an audit of the number of individuals and expenditures reported through the CMS–64 report for fiscal year 2016, fiscal year 2019, and each subsequent fiscal year, which audit may be conducted on a representative sample (as determined by the Secretary). ‘‘(3) T
EMPORARY INCREASE IN FEDERAL  
MATCHING PERCENTAGE TO SUPPORT IMPROVED  
DATA REPORTING SYSTEMS FOR FISCAL YEARS  
2018 AND 2019 .—For amounts expended during calendar quarters beginning on or after Octo-ber 1, 2017, and before October 1, 2019— ‘‘(A) the Federal matching percentage ap-plied under section 1903(a)(3)(A)(i) shall be increased by 10 percentage points to 100 per-cent; ‘‘(B) the Federal matching percentage ap-plied under section 1903(a)(3)(B) shall be in-creased by 25 percentage points to 100 per-cent; and ‘‘(C) the Federal matching percentage ap-plied under section 1903(a)(7) shall be in-creased by 10 percentage points to 60 percent but only with respect to amounts expended that are attributable to a State’s additional administrative expenditures to implement the data requirements of paragraph (1). ‘‘(i) F
LEXIBLE BLOCK GRANT OPTION FOR  S
TATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State that elects the option of applying this sub-section for a 10-fiscal-year period (beginning no earlier than fiscal year 2020 and, at the State option, for any succeeding 10-fiscal- year period) and that has a plan approved by the Secretary under paragraph (2) to carry out the option for such period— ‘‘(A) the State shall receive, instead of amounts otherwise payable to the State under this title for medical assistance for block grant individuals within the applicable block grant category (as defined in para-graph (6)) for the State during the period in which the election is in effect, the amount specified in paragraph (4); ‘‘(B) the previous provisions of this section shall be applied as if— ‘‘(i) block grant individuals within the ap-plicable block grant category for the State and period were not section 1903A enrollees for each 10-fiscal year period for which the State elects to apply this subsection; and ‘‘(ii) if such option is not extended at the end of a 10-fiscal-year-period, the per capita limitations under such previous provisions shall again apply after such period and such limitations shall be applied as if the election under this subsection had never taken place; ‘‘(C) the payment under this subsection may only be used consistent with the State plan under paragraph (2) for block grant health care assistance (as defined in para-graph (7)); and ‘‘(D) with respect to block grant individ-uals within the applicable block grant cat-egory for the State for which block grant health care assistance is made available under this subsection, such assistance shall be instead of medical assistance otherwise provided to the individual under this title. ‘‘(2) STATE PLAN FOR ADMINISTERING BLOCK  
GRANT OPTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—No payment shall be made under this subsection to a State pursu-ant to an election for a 10-fiscal-year period under paragraph (1) unless the State has a plan, approved under subparagraph (B), for such period that specifies— ‘‘(i) the applicable block grant category with respect to which the State will apply the option under this subsection for such pe-riod; ‘‘(ii) the conditions for eligibility of block grant individuals within such applicable block grant category for block grant health care assistance under the option, which shall be instead of other conditions for eligibility under this title, except that in the case of a State that has elected the applicable block grant category described in— ‘‘(I) subparagraph (A) of paragraph (6), the plan must provide for eligibility for pregnant women and children required to be provided medical assistance under subsections (a)(10)(A)(i) and (e)(4) of section 1902; or ‘‘(II) subparagraph (B) of paragraph (6), the plan must provide for eligibility for pregnant women required to be provided medical as-sistance under subsection (a)(10)(A)(i); and ‘‘(iii) the types of items and services, the amount, duration, and scope of such services, the cost-sharing with respect to such serv-ices, and the method for delivery of block grant health care assistance under this sub-section, which shall be instead of the such types, amount, duration, and scope, cost- sharing, and methods of delivery for medical assistance otherwise required under this title, except that the plan must provide for assistance for— ‘‘(I) hospital care; ‘‘(II) surgical care and treatment; ‘‘(III) medical care and treatment; ‘‘(IV) obstetrical and prenatal care and treatment; ‘‘(V) prescribed drugs, medicines, and pros-thetic devices; ‘‘(VI) other medical supplies and services; and ‘‘(VII) health care for children under 18 years of age. ‘‘(B) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL .—A plan de-scribed in subparagraph (A) shall be deemed approved by the Secretary unless the Sec-retary determines, within 30 days after the date of the Secretary’s receipt of the plan, that the plan is incomplete or actuarially unsound and, with respect to such plan and its implementation under this subsection, the requirements of paragraphs (1), (10)(B), (17), and (23) of section 1902(a) shall not apply. ‘‘(3) A
MOUNT OF BLOCK GRANT FUNDS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.001 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2399 March 24, 2017 
‘‘(A) F OR INITIAL FISCAL YEAR .—The block grant amount under this paragraph for a State for the initial fiscal year in the first 10-fiscal-year period is equal to the sum of the products (for each applicable block grant category for such State and period) of— ‘‘(i) the target per capita medical assist-ance expenditures for such State for such fis-cal year (under subsection (c)(2)); ‘‘(ii) the number of 1903A enrollees for such category and State for fiscal year 2019, as de-termined under subsection (e)(4); and ‘‘(iii) the Federal average medical assist-ance matching percentage (as defined in sub-section (a)(4)) for the State for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(B) F
OR ANY SUBSEQUENT FISCAL YEAR .— The block grant amount under this para-graph for a State for each succeeding fiscal year (in any 10-fiscal-year period) is equal to the block grant amount under subparagraph (A) (or this subparagraph) for the State for the previous fiscal year increased by the an-nual increase in the consumer price index for all urban consumers (all items; U.S. city av-erage) for the fiscal year involved. ‘‘(C) A
VAILABILITY OF ROLLOVER FUNDS .— The block grant amount under this para-graph for a State for a fiscal year shall re-main available to the State for expenditures under this subsection for the succeeding fis-cal year but only if an election is in effect under this subsection for the State in such succeeding fiscal year. ‘‘(4) F
EDERAL PAYMENT AND STATE RESPON -
SIBILITY .—The Secretary shall pay to each State with an election in effect under this subsection for a fiscal year, from its block grant amount under paragraph (3) available for such fiscal year, an amount for each quarter of such fiscal year equal to the en-hanced FMAP described in the first sentence of section 2105(b) of the total amount ex-pended under the State plan under this sub-section during such quarter, and the State is responsible for the balance of funds to carry out such plan. ‘‘(5) B
LOCK GRANT INDIVIDUAL DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘block grant indi-vidual’ means, with respect to a State for a 10-fiscal-year period, an individual who is not disabled (as defined for purposes of the State plan) and who is within an applicable block grant category for the State and such period. ‘‘(6) A
PPLICABLE BLOCK GRANT CATEGORY  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘appli-cable block grant category’ means with re-spect to a State for a 10-fiscal-year period, either of the following as specified by the State for such period in its plan under para-graph (2)(A)(i): ‘‘(A) 2 
ENROLLEE CATEGORIES .—Both of the following 1903A enrollee categories: ‘‘(i) C
HILDREN .—The 1903A enrollee cat-egory specified in subparagraph (C) of sub-section (e)(2). ‘‘(ii) O
THER NONELDERLY , NONDISABLED , 
NON-EXPANSION ADULTS .—The 1903A enrollee category specified in subparagraph (E) of such subsection. ‘‘(B) O
THER NONELDERLY , NONDISABLED , 
NON-EXPANSION ADULTS .—Only the 1903A en-rollee category specified in subparagraph (E) of subsection (e)(2). ‘‘(7) B
LOCK GRANT HEALTH CARE ASSIST -
ANCE .—In this subsection, the term ‘block grant health care assistance’ means assist-ance for health-care-related items and med-ical services for block grant individuals within the applicable block grant category for the State and 10-fiscal-year period in-volved who are low-income individuals (as defined by the State). ‘‘(8) A
UDITING .—As a condition of receiving funds under this subsection, a State shall contract with an independent entity to con-duct audits of its expenditures made with re-spect to activities funded under this sub-section for each fiscal year for which the State elects to apply this subsection to en-sure that such funds are used consistent with this subsection and shall make such audits available to the Secretary upon the request of the Secretary.’’. Subtitle D—Patient Relief and Health Insurance Market Stability SEC. 131. REPEAL OF COST-SHARING SUBSIDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1402 of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act is repealed. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The repeal made by subsection (a) shall apply to cost-sharing re-ductions (and payments to issuers for such reductions) for plan years beginning after December 31, 2019. 
SEC. 132. PATIENT AND STATE STABILITY FUND. 
The Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new title: ‘‘TITLE XXII—PATIENT AND STATE STABILITY FUND 
‘‘SEC. 2201. ESTABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM. 
‘‘There is hereby established the ‘Patient and State Stability Fund’ to be administered by the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, acting through the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices (in this section referred to as the ‘Ad-ministrator’), to provide funding, in accord-ance with this title, to the 50 States and the District of Columbia (each referred to in this section as a ‘State’) during the period, sub-ject to section 2204(c), beginning on January 1, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2026, for the purposes described in section 2202. 
‘‘SEC. 2202. USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), a State may use the funds allocated to the State under this title for any of the fol-lowing purposes: ‘‘(1) Helping, through the provision of fi-nancial assistance, high-risk individuals who do not have access to health insurance cov-erage offered through an employer enroll in health insurance coverage in the individual market in the State, as such market is de-fined by the State (whether through the es-tablishment of a new mechanism or mainte-nance of an existing mechanism for such pur-pose). ‘‘(2) Providing incentives to appropriate entities to enter into arrangements with the State to help stabilize premiums for health insurance coverage in the individual market, as such markets are defined by the State. ‘‘(3) Reducing the cost for providing health insurance coverage in the individual market and small group market, as such markets are defined by the State, to individuals who have, or are projected to have, a high rate of utilization of health services (as measured by cost) and to individuals who have high costs of health insurance coverage due to the low density population of the State in which they reside. ‘‘(4) Promoting participation in the indi-vidual market and small group market in the State and increasing health insurance options available through such market. ‘‘(5) Promoting access to preventive serv-ices; dental care services (whether preven-tive or medically necessary); vision care services (whether preventive or medically necessary); or any combination of such serv-ices. ‘‘(6) Maternity coverage and newborn care. ‘‘(7) Prevention, treatment, or recovery support services for individuals with mental or substance use disorders, focused on either or both of the following: ‘‘(A) Direct inpatient or outpatient clinical care for treatment of addiction and mental illness. ‘‘(B) Early identification and intervention for children and young adults with serious mental illness. ‘‘(8) Providing payments, directly or indi-rectly, to health care providers for the provi-sion of such health care services as are speci-fied by the Administrator. ‘‘(9) Providing assistance to reduce out-of- pocket costs, such as copayments, coinsur-ance, premiums, and deductibles, of individ-uals enrolled in health insurance coverage in the State. ‘‘(b) REQUIRED USE OF INCREASE IN ALLOT -
MENT .—A State shall use the additional allo-cation provided to the State from the funds appropriated under the second sentence of section 2204(b) for each year only for the pur-poses described in paragraphs (6) and (7) of subsection (a). 
‘‘SEC. 2203. STATE ELIGIBILITY AND APPROVAL; DEFAULT SAFEGUARD. 
‘‘(a) E NCOURAGING STATE OPTIONS FOR AL-
LOCATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible for an allo-cation of funds under this title for a year during the period described in section 2201 for use for one or more purposes described in section 2202, a State shall submit to the Ad-ministrator an application at such time (but, in the case of allocations for 2018, not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this title and, in the case of allocations for a subsequent year, not later than March 31 of the previous year) and in such form and manner as specified by the Administrator and containing— ‘‘(A) a description of how the funds will be used for such purposes; ‘‘(B) a certification that the State will make, from non-Federal funds, expenditures for such purposes in an amount that is not less than the State percentage required for the year under section 2204(e)(1); and ‘‘(C) such other information as the Admin-istrator may require. ‘‘(2) A
UTOMATIC APPROVAL .—An application so submitted is approved unless the Adminis-trator notifies the State submitting the ap-plication, not later than 60 days after the date of the submission of such application, that the application has been denied for not being in compliance with any requirement of this title and of the reason for such denial. ‘‘(3) O
NE-TIME APPLICATION .—If an applica-tion of a State is approved for a year, with respect to a purpose described in section 2202, such application shall be treated as ap-proved, with respect to such purpose, for each subsequent year through 2026. ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT AS A STATE HEALTH CARE  
PROGRAM .—Any program receiving funds from an allocation for a State under this title, including pursuant to subsection (b), shall be considered to be a ‘State health care program’ for purposes of sections 1128, 1128A, and 1128B. ‘‘(b) D
EFAULT FEDERAL SAFEGUARD .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) 2018.—For allocations made under this title for 2018, in the case of a State that does not submit an application under subsection (a) by the 45-day submission date applicable to such year under subsection (a)(1) and in the case of a State that does submit such an application by such date that is not ap-proved, subject to section 2204(e), the Admin-istrator, in consultation with the State in-surance commissioner, shall use the alloca-tion that would otherwise be provided to the State under this title for such year, in ac-cordance with paragraph (2), for such State. ‘‘(B) 2019 
THROUGH 2026 .—In the case of a State that does not have in effect an ap-proved application under this section for 2019 or a subsequent year beginning during the period described in section 2201, subject to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.001 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2400 March 24, 2017 
section 2204(e), the Administrator, in con-sultation with the State insurance commis-sioner, shall use the allocation that would otherwise be provided to the State under this title for such year, in accordance with para-graph (2), for such State. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED USE FOR MARKET STABILIZA -
TION PAYMENTS TO ISSUERS .—Subject to sec-tion 2204(a), an allocation for a State made pursuant to paragraph (1) for a year shall be used to carry out the purpose described in section 2202(2) in such State by providing payments to appropriate entities described in such section with respect to claims that exceed $50,000 (or, with respect to allocations made under this title for 2020 or a subsequent year during the period specified in section 2201, such dollar amount specified by the Ad-ministrator), but do not exceed $350,000 (or, with respect to allocations made under this title for 2020 or a subsequent year during such period, such dollar amount specified by the Administrator), in an amount equal to 75 percent (or, with respect to allocations made under this title for 2020 or a subsequent year during such period, such percentage specified by the Administrator) of the amount of such claims. 
‘‘SEC. 2204. ALLOCATIONS. 
‘‘(a) A PPROPRIATION .—For the purpose of providing allocations for States (including pursuant to section 2203(b)) under this title there is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated— ‘‘(1) for 2018, $15,000,000,000; ‘‘(2) for 2019, $15,000,000,000; ‘‘(3) for 2020, $10,000,000,000; ‘‘(4) for 2021, $10,000,000,000; ‘‘(5) for 2022, $10,000,000,000; ‘‘(6) for 2023, $10,000,000,000; ‘‘(7) for 2024, $10,000,000,000; ‘‘(8) for 2025, $10,000,000,000; and ‘‘(9) for 2026, $10,000,000,000. The amount otherwise appropriated under the previous sentence for 2020 shall be in-creased by $15,000,000,000, to be used and available under subsection (d) only for the purposes described in paragraphs (6) and (7) of section 2202(a). ‘‘(b) A
LLOCATIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
AYMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—From amounts appro-priated under subsection (a) for a year, the Administrator shall, with respect to a State and not later than the date specified under subparagraph (B) for such year, allocate, subject to subsection (e), for such State (in-cluding pursuant to section 2203(b)) the amount determined for such State and year under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) S
PECIFIED DATE .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), the date specified in this sub-paragraph is— ‘‘(i) for 2018, the date that is 45 days after the date of the enactment of this title; and ‘‘(ii) for 2019 and subsequent years, Janu-ary 1 of the respective year. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION AMOUNT DETERMINA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(A) F
OR 2018 AND 2019 .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-graph (1), the amount determined under this paragraph for 2018 and 2019 for a State is an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(I) the relative incurred claims amount described in clause (ii) for such State and year; and ‘‘(II) the relative uninsured and issuer par-ticipation amount described in clause (iv) for such State and year. ‘‘(ii) R
ELATIVE INCURRED CLAIMS AMOUNT .— For purposes of clause (i), the relative in-curred claims amount described in this clause for a State for 2018 and 2019 is the product of— ‘‘(I) 85 percent of the amount appropriated under subsection (a) for the year; and ‘‘(II) the relative State incurred claims proportion described in clause (iii) for such State and year. ‘‘(iii) RELATIVE STATE INCURRED CLAIMS  
PROPORTION .—The relative State incurred claims proportion described in this clause for a State and year is the amount equal to the ratio of— ‘‘(I) the adjusted incurred claims by the State, as reported through the medical loss ratio annual reporting under section 2718 of the Public Health Service Act for the third previous year; to ‘‘(II) the sum of such adjusted incurred claims for all States, as so reported, for such third previous year. ‘‘(iv) R
ELATIVE UNINSURED AND ISSUER PAR -
TICIPATION AMOUNT .—For purposes of clause (i), the relative uninsured and issuer partici-pation amount described in this clause for a State for 2018 and 2019 is the product of— ‘‘(I) 15 percent of the amount appropriated under subsection (a) for the year; and ‘‘(II) the relative State uninsured and issuer participation proportion described in clause (v) for such State and year. ‘‘(v) R
ELATIVE STATE UNINSURED AND ISSUER  
PARTICIPATION PROPORTION .—The relative State uninsured and issuer participation pro-portion described in this clause for a State and year is— ‘‘(I) in the case of a State not described in clause (vi) for such year, 0; and ‘‘(II) in the case of a State described in clause (vi) for such year, the amount equal to the ratio of— ‘‘(aa) the number of individuals residing in such State who for the third preceding year were not enrolled in a health plan or other-wise did not have health insurance coverage (including through a Federal or State health program) and whose income is below 100 per-cent of the poverty line applicable to a fam-ily of the size involved; to ‘‘(bb) the sum of the number of such indi-viduals for all States described in clause (vi) for the third preceding year. ‘‘(vi) S
TATES DESCRIBED .—For purposes of clause (v), a State is described in this clause, with respect to 2018 and 2019, if the State sat-isfies either of the following criterion: ‘‘(I) The ratio described in subclause (II) of clause (v) that would be determined for such State by substituting ‘2015’ for each ref-erence in such subclause to ‘the third pre-ceding year’ and by substituting ‘all such States’ for the reference in item (bb) of such subclause to ‘all States described in clause (vi)’ is greater than the ratio described in such subclause that would be determined for such State by substituting ‘2013’ for each ref-erence in such subclause to ‘the third pre-ceding year’ and by substituting ‘all such States’ for the reference in item (bb) of such subclause to ‘all States described in clause (vi)’. ‘‘(II) The State has fewer than three health insurance issuers offering qualified health plans through the Exchange for 2017. ‘‘(B) F
OR 2020 THROUGH 2026 .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the amount determined under this paragraph for a year (beginning with 2020) during the period described in section 2201 for a State is an amount determined in accordance with an allocation methodology specified by the Administrator which— ‘‘(i) takes into consideration the adjusted incurred claims of such State, the number of residents of such State who for the previous year were not enrolled in a health plan or otherwise did not have health insurance cov-erage (including through a Federal or State health program) and whose income is below 100 percent of the poverty line applicable to a family of the size involved, and the number of health insurance issuers participating in the insurance market in such State for such year; ‘‘(ii) is established after consultation with health care consumers, health insurance issuers, State insurance commissioners, and other stakeholders and after taking into con-sideration additional cost and risk factors that may inhibit health care consumer and health insurance issuer participation; and ‘‘(iii) reflects the goals of improving the health insurance risk pool, promoting a more competitive health insurance market, and increasing choice for health care con-sumers. ‘‘(c) ANNUAL DISTRIBUTION OF PREVIOUS  Y
EAR’SREMAINING FUNDS .— In carrying out subsection (b), the Administrator shall, with respect to a year (beginning with 2020 and ending with 2027), not later than March 31 of such year— ‘‘(1) determine the amount of funds, if any, from the amounts appropriated under sub-section (a) for the previous year but not allo-cated for such previous year; and ‘‘(2) if the Administrator determines that any funds were not so allocated for such pre-vious year, allocate such remaining funds, in accordance with the allocation methodology specified pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(B)— ‘‘(A) to States that have submitted an ap-plication approved under section 2203(a) for such previous year for any purpose for which such an application was approved; and ‘‘(B) for States for which allocations were made pursuant to section 2203(b) for such previous year, to be used by the Adminis-trator for such States, to carry out the pur-pose described in section 2202(2) in such States by providing payments to appropriate entities described in such section with re-spect to claims that exceed $1,000,000; with, respect to a year before 2027, any re-maining funds being made available for allo-cations to States for the subsequent year. ‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated under subsection (a) for a year and allocated to States in accordance with this section shall remain available for expenditure through December 31, 2027. ‘‘(e) C
ONDITIONS FOR AND LIMITATIONS ON  R
ECEIPT OF FUNDS .—The Secretary may not make an allocation under this title for a State, with respect to a purpose described in section 2202— ‘‘(1) in the case of an allocation that would be made to a State pursuant to section 2203(a), if the State does not agree that the State will make available non-Federal con-tributions towards such purpose in an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) for 2020, 7 percent of the amount allo-cated under this subsection to such State for such year and purpose; ‘‘(B) for 2021, 14 percent of the amount allo-cated under this subsection to such State for such year and purpose; ‘‘(C) for 2022, 21 percent of the amount allo-cated under this subsection to such State for such year and purpose; ‘‘(D) for 2023, 28 percent of the amount allo-cated under this subsection to such State for such year and purpose; ‘‘(E) for 2024, 35 percent of the amount allo-cated under this subsection to such State for such year and purpose; ‘‘(F) for 2025, 42 percent of the amount allo-cated under this subsection to such State for such year and purpose; and ‘‘(G) for 2026, 50 percent of the amount allo-cated under this subsection to such State for such year and purpose; ‘‘(2) in the case of an allocation that would be made for a State pursuant to section 2203(b), if the State does not agree that the State will make available non-Federal con-tributions towards such purpose in an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) for 2020, 10 percent of the amount allo-cated under this subsection to such State for such year and purpose; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.001 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2401 March 24, 2017 
‘‘(B) for 2021, 20 percent of the amount allo-cated under this subsection to such State for such year and purpose; and ‘‘(C) for 2022, 30 percent of the amount allo-cated under this subsection to such State for such year and purpose; ‘‘(D) for 2023, 40 percent of the amount allo-cated under this subsection to such State for such year and purpose; ‘‘(E) for 2024, 50 percent of the amount allo-cated under this subsection to such State for such year and purpose; ‘‘(F) for 2025, 50 percent of the amount allo-cated under this subsection to such State for such year and purpose; and ‘‘(G) for 2026, 50 percent of the amount allo-cated under this subsection to such State for such year and purpose; or ‘‘(3) if such an allocation for such purpose would not be permitted under subsection (c)(7) of section 2105 if such allocation were payment made under such section.’’. 
SEC. 133. CONTINUOUS HEALTH INSURANCE COV-ERAGE INCENTIVE. 
Subpart I of part A of title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act is amended— (1) in section 2701(a)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘such rate’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to section 2710A, such rate’’; (2) by redesignating the second section 2709 as section 2710; and (3) by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2710A. ENCOURAGING CONTINUOUS HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE. 
‘‘(a) P ENALTY APPLIED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 2701, subject to the succeeding provisions of this section, a health insurance issuer offer-ing health insurance coverage in the indi-vidual market shall, in the case of an indi-vidual who is an applicable policyholder of such coverage with respect to an enforce-ment period applicable to enrollments for a plan year beginning with plan year 2019 (or, in the case of enrollments during a special enrollment period, beginning with plan year 2018), increase the monthly premium rate otherwise applicable to such individual for such coverage during each month of such pe-riod, by an amount determined under para-graph (2). ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF PENALTY .—The amount de-termined under this paragraph for an appli-cable policyholder enrolling in health insur-ance coverage described in paragraph (1) for a plan year, with respect to each month dur-ing the enforcement period applicable to en-rollments for such plan year, is the amount that is equal to 30 percent of the monthly premium rate otherwise applicable to such applicable policyholder for such coverage during such month. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) A
PPLICABLE POLICYHOLDER .—The term ‘applicable policyholder’ means, with respect to months of an enforcement period and health insurance coverage, an individual who— ‘‘(A) is a policyholder of such coverage for such months; ‘‘(B) cannot demonstrate that (through presentation of certifications described in section 2704(e) or in such other manner as may be specified in regulations, such as a re-turn or statement made under section 6055(d) or 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), during the look-back period that is with re-spect to such enforcement period, there was not a period of at least 63 continuous days during which the individual did not have creditable coverage (as defined in paragraph (1) of section 2704(c) and credited in accord-ance with paragraphs (2) and (3) of such sec-tion); and ‘‘(C) in the case of an individual who had been enrolled under dependent coverage under a group health plan or health insur-ance coverage by reason of section 2714 and such dependent coverage of such individual ceased because of the age of such individual, is not enrolling during the first open enroll-ment period following the date on which such coverage so ceased. ‘‘(2) LOOK-BACK PERIOD .—The term ‘look- back period’ means, with respect to an en-forcement period applicable to an enrollment of an individual for a plan year beginning with plan year 2019 (or, in the case of an en-rollment of an individual during a special en-rollment period, beginning with plan year 2018) in health insurance coverage described in subsection (a)(1), the 12-month period end-ing on the date the individual enrolls in such coverage for such plan year. ‘‘(3) E
NFORCEMENT PERIOD .—The term ‘en-forcement period’ means— ‘‘(A) with respect to enrollments during a special enrollment period for plan year 2018, the period beginning with the first month that is during such plan year and that begins subsequent to such date of enrollment, and ending with the last month of such plan year; and ‘‘(B) with respect to enrollments for plan year 2019 or a subsequent plan year, the 12- month period beginning on the first day of the respective plan year.’’. 
SEC. 134. INCREASING COVERAGE OPTIONS. 
Section 1302 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by inserting ‘‘and with respect to a plan year before plan year 2020’’ after ‘‘subsection (e)’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) S
UNSET .—The provisions of this sub-section shall not apply after December 31, 2019, and after such date any reference to this subsection or level of coverage or plan described in this subsection and any require-ment under law applying such a level of cov-erage or plan shall have no force or effect (and such a requirement shall be applied as if this section had been repealed).’’. 
SEC. 135. CHANGE IN PERMISSIBLE AGE VARI-ATION IN HEALTH INSURANCE PRE-MIUM RATES. 
Section 2701(a)(1)(A)(iii) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg(a)(1)(A)(iii)), as inserted by section 1201(4) of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act, is amended by inserting after ‘‘(consistent with section 2707(c))’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘or, for plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, as the Secretary may implement through interim final regulation, 5 to 1 for adults (consistent with section 2707(c)) or such other ratio for adults (con-sistent with section 2707(c)) as the State in-volved may provide’’. 
SEC. 136. ESSENTIAL HEALTH BENEFITS DE-FINED BY THE STATES. 
Section 1302 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18022) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘by the Secretary’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘para-graph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (6)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) E
SSENTIAL HEALTH BENEFITS FOR PLAN  
AND TAXABLE YEARS BEGINNING ON OR AFTER  
JANUARY 1 , 2018.—For plan years and taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, each State shall define the essential health benefits with respect to health plans offered in such State, for the purposes of section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.’’. Subtitle E—Implementation Funding SEC. 141. AMERICAN HEALTH CARE IMPLEMEN-TATION FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is hereby estab-lished an American Health Care Implementa-tion Fund (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’) within the Department of Health and Human Services to carry out sections 121, 132, 202, and 214 (including the amend-ments made by such sections). (b) F
UNDING .—There is appropriated to the Fund, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $1,000,000,000 for Fed-eral administrative expenses to carry out the sections described in subsection (a) (includ-ing the amendments made by such sections). TITLE II—COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS Subtitle A—Repeal and Replace of Health- Related Tax Policy 
SEC. 201. RECAPTURE EXCESS ADVANCE PAY-MENTS OF PREMIUM TAX CREDITS. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 36B(f)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF LIMITATION .— This subparagraph shall not apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2020.’’. 
SEC. 202. ADDITIONAL MODIFICATIONS TO PRE-MIUM TAX CREDIT. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF QUALI-
FIED HEALTH PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 36B(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(determined without re-gard to subparagraphs (A), (C)(ii), and (C)(iv) of paragraph (1) thereof and without regard to whether the plan is offered on an Ex-change)’’ after ‘‘1301(a) of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘shall not include’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘shall not include any health plan that— ‘‘(i) is a grandfathered health plan or a grandmothered health plan, or ‘‘(ii) includes coverage for abortions (other than any abortion necessary to save the life of the mother or any abortion with respect to a pregnancy that is the result of an act of rape or incest).’’. (2) D
EFINITION OF GRANDMOTHERED HEALTH  
PLAN .—Section 36B(c)(3) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) G
RANDMOTHERED HEALTH PLAN .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘grandmothered health plan’ means health insurance coverage which is offered in the in-dividual health insurance market as of Octo-ber 1, 2013, and is permitted to be offered in such market after January 1, 2014, as a result of CCIIO guidance. ‘‘(ii) CCIIO 
GUIDANCE DEFINED .—The term ‘CCIIO guidance’ means the letter issued by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices on November 14, 2013, to the State Insur-ance Commissioners outlining a transitional policy for non-grandfathered coverage in the individual health insurance market, as sub-sequently extended and modified (including by a communication entitled ‘Insurance Standards Bulletin Series—INFORMATION— Extension of Transitional Policy through Calendar Year 2017’ issued on February 29, 2016, by the Director of the Center for Con-sumer Information & Insurance Oversight of such Centers). ‘‘(iii) I
NDIVIDUAL HEALTH INSURANCE MAR -
KET.—The term ‘individual health insurance market’ means the market for health insur-ance coverage (as defined in section 9832(b)) offered to individuals other than in connec-tion with a group health plan (within the meaning of section 5000(b)(1)).’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT RELATED TO  
ABORTION COVERAGE .—Section 36B(c)(3) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.001 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2402 March 24, 2017 
such Code, as amended by paragraph (2), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) C
ERTAIN RULES RELATED TO ABOR -
TION.— ‘‘(i) O
PTION TO PURCHASE SEPARATE COV -
ERAGE OR PLAN .—Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed as prohibiting any in-dividual from purchasing separate coverage for abortions described in such subpara-graph, or a health plan that includes such abortions, so long as no credit is allowed under this section with respect to the pre-miums for such coverage or plan. ‘‘(ii) O
PTION TO OFFER COVERAGE OR PLAN .— Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall restrict any health insurance issuer offering a health plan from offering separate coverage for abortions described in such subparagraph, or a plan that includes such abortions, so long as premiums for such separate coverage or plan are not paid for with any amount at-tributable to the credit allowed under this section (or the amount of any advance pay-ment of the credit under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act). ‘‘(iii) O
THER TREATMENTS .—The treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of an abortion shall not be treated as an abortion for purposes of sub-paragraph (A).’’. (4) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATED TO  
OFF-EXCHANGE COVERAGE .— (A) ADVANCE PAYMENT NOT APPLICABLE .— Section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) E
XCLUSION OF OFF-EXCHANGE COV-
ERAGE .—Advance payments under this sec-tion, and advance determinations under sec-tion 1411, with respect to any credit allowed under section 36B shall not be made with re-spect to any health plan which is not en-rolled in through an Exchange.’’. (B) R
EPORTING .—Section 6055(b) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(3) I
NFORMATION RELATING TO OFF -EX-
CHANGE PREMIUM CREDIT ELIGIBLE COV -
ERAGE .—If minimum essential coverage pro-vided to an individual under subsection (a) consists of a qualified health plan (as defined in section 36B(c)(3)) which is not enrolled in through an Exchange established under title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, a return described in this sub-section shall include— ‘‘(A) a statement that such plan is a quali-fied health plan (as defined in section 36B(c)(3)), ‘‘(B) the premiums paid with respect to such coverage, ‘‘(C) the months during which such cov-erage is provided to the individual, ‘‘(D) the adjusted monthly premium for the applicable second lowest cost silver plan (as defined in section 36B(b)(3)) for each such month with respect to such individual, and ‘‘(E) such other information as the Sec-retary may prescribe.’’. (C) OTHER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) Section 36B(b)(2)(A) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘and which were en-rolled’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘, or’’. (ii) Section 36B(b)(3)(B)(i) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘the same Exchange’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘the Ex-change through which such taxpayer is per-mitted to obtain coverage, and’’. (iii) Section 36B(c)(2)(A)(i) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘that was enrolled in through an Exchange established by the State under section 1311 of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF APPLICABLE PERCENT -
AGE.—Section 36B(b)(3)(A) of such Code is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The applicable percent-age for any taxable year shall be the percent-age such that the applicable percentage for any taxpayer whose household income is within an income tier specified in the fol-lowing table shall increase, on a sliding scale in a linear manner, from the initial percent-age to the final percentage specified in such table for such income tier with respect to a taxpayer of the age involved: 
‘‘In the case of house-hold income (expressed as a per-cent of the poverty line) within the fol-lowing income tier: Up to Age 29 Age 30-39 Age 40-49 Age 50-59 Over Age 59 Initial % Final % Initial % Final % Initial % Final % Initial % Final % Initial % Final % 
Up to 133% 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 133%-150% 3 4 3 4 3 4 3 4 3 4 150%-200% 4 4.3 4 5.3 4 6.3 4 7.3 4 8.3 200%-250% 4.3 4.3 5.3 5.9 6.3 8.05 7.3 9 8.3 10 250%-300% 4.3 4.3 5.9 5.9 8.05 8.35 9 10.5 10 11.5 300%-400% 4.3 4.3 5.9 5.9 8.35 8.35 10.5 10.5 11.5 11.5 
‘‘(ii) A GE DETERMINATIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of clause (i), the age of the taxpayer taken into ac-count under clause (i) with respect to any taxable year is the age attained by such tax-payer before the close of such taxable year. ‘‘(II) J
OINT RETURNS .—In the case of a joint return, the age of the older spouse shall be taken into account under clause (i). ‘‘(iii) I
NDEXING .—In the case of any taxable year beginning in calendar year 2019, the ini-tial and final percentages contained in clause (i) shall be adjusted to reflect— ‘‘(I) the excess (if any) of the rate of pre-mium growth for the period beginning with calendar year 2013 and ending with calendar year 2018, over the rate of income growth for such period, and ‘‘(II) in addition to any adjustment under subclause (I), the excess (if any) of the rate of premium growth for calendar year 2018, over the rate of growth in the consumer price index for calendar year 2018. ‘‘(iv) F
AILSAFE .—Clause (iii)(II) shall apply only if the aggregate amount of premium tax credits under this section and cost-sharing reductions under section 1402 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act for cal-endar year 2018 exceeds an amount equal to 0.504 percent of the gross domestic product for such calendar year.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) ADVANCE PAYMENT NOT APPLICABLE TO  
OFF-EXCHANGE COVERAGE .—The amendment made by subsection (a)(4)(A) shall take effect on January 1, 2018. (3) R
EPORTING .—The amendment made by subsection (a)(4)(B) shall apply to coverage provided for months beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2017. (4) M
ODIFICATION OF APPLICABLE PERCENT -
AGE.—The amendment made by subsection (b) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 203. SMALL BUSINESS TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45R of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) S
HALL NOTAPPLY .—This section shall not apply with respect to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2019.’’. (b) D
ISALLOWANCE OF SMALL EMPLOYER  H
EALTH INSURANCE EXPENSE CREDIT FOR  P
LAN WHICH INCLUDES COVERAGE FOR ABOR-
TION.—Subsection (h) of section 45R of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any term’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION OF HEALTH PLANS INCLUDING  
COVERAGE FOR ABORTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified health plan’ does not include any health plan that includes coverage for abortions (other than any abortion necessary to save the life of the mother or any abortion with respect to a pregnancy that is the result of an act of rape or incest) . ‘‘(B) CERTAIN RULES RELATED TO ABOR -
TION.— ‘‘(i) O
PTION TO PURCHASE SEPARATE COV -
ERAGE OR PLAN .—Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed as prohibiting any em-ployer from purchasing for its employees separate coverage for abortions described in such subparagraph, or a health plan that in-cludes such abortions, so long as no credit is allowed under this section with respect to the employer contributions for such cov-erage or plan. ‘‘(ii) O
PTION TO OFFER COVERAGE OR PLAN .— Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall restrict any health insurance issuer offering a health plan from offering separate coverage for abortions described in such subparagraph, or a plan that includes such abortions, so long as such separate coverage or plan is not paid for with any employer contribution eligible for the credit allowed under this section. ‘‘(iii) O
THER TREATMENTS .—The treatment of any infection, injury, disease, or disorder that has been caused by or exacerbated by the performance of an abortion shall not be treated as an abortion for purposes of sub-paragraph (A).’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2019. (2) D
ISALLOWANCE OF SMALL EMPLOYER  
HEALTH INSURANCE EXPENSE CREDIT FOR PLAN  
WHICH INCLUDES COVERAGE FOR ABORTION .— The amendments made by subsection (b) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.001 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2403 March 24, 2017 
shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 204. INDIVIDUAL MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B)(iii), by striking ‘‘2.5 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Zero percent’’, and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$695’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘$0’’, and (B) by striking subparagraph (D). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 205. EMPLOYER MANDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘($0 in the case of months begin-ning after December 31, 2015)’’ after ‘‘$2,000’’. (2) Paragraph (1) of section 4980H(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘($0 in the case of months begin-ning after December 31, 2015)’’ after ‘‘$3,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 206. REPEAL OF THE TAX ON EMPLOYEE HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUMS AND HEALTH PLAN BENEFITS. 
Section 4980I of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) S
HALL NOTAPPLY .—No tax shall be imposed under this section with respect to any taxable period beginning after December 31, 2019, and before January 1, 2026.’’. 
SEC. 207. REPEAL OF TAX ON OVER-THE- COUNTER MEDICATIONS. 
(a) HSA S.—Subparagraph (A) of section 223(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘Such term’’ and all that follows through the period. (b) A
RCHER MSA S.—Subparagraph (A) of section 220(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘Such term’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod. (c) H
EALTH FLEXIBLE SPENDING ARRANGE -
MENTS AND HEALTH REIMBURSEMENT AR-
RANGEMENTS .—Section 106 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subsection (f) and by redesignating sub-section (g) as subsection (f). (d) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) D
ISTRIBUTIONS FROM SAVINGS AC -
COUNTS .—The amendments made by sub-sections (a) and (b) shall apply to amounts paid with respect to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. (2) R
EIMBURSEMENTS .—The amendment made by subsection (c) shall apply to ex-penses incurred with respect to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 208. REPEAL OF INCREASE OF TAX ON HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNTS. 
(a) HSA S.—Section 223(f)(4)(A) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘10 per-cent’’. (b) A
RCHER MSA S.—Section 220(f)(4)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘15 percent’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distribu-tions made after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 209. REPEAL OF LIMITATIONS ON CON-TRIBUTIONS TO FLEXIBLE SPEND-ING ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 125 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subsection (i). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. SEC. 210. REPEAL OF MEDICAL DEVICE EXCISE TAX. 
Section 4191 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .—The tax imposed under subsection (a) shall not apply to sales after December 31, 2016.’’. 
SEC. 211. REPEAL OF ELIMINATION OF DEDUC-TION FOR EXPENSES ALLOCABLE TO MEDICARE PART D SUBSIDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 139A of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘This section shall not be taken into ac-count for purposes of determining whether any deduction is allowable with respect to any cost taken into account in determining such payment.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 212. REDUCTION OF INCOME THRESHOLD FOR DETERMINING MEDICAL CARE DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘10 percent’’ and insert-ing ‘‘5.8 percent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 213. REPEAL OF MEDICARE TAX INCREASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 3101 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) H
OSPITAL INSURANCE .—In addition to the tax imposed by the preceding subsection, there is hereby imposed on the income of every individual a tax equal to 1.45 percent of the wages (as defined in section 3121(a)) re-ceived by such individual with respect to em-ployment (as defined in section 3121(b)).’’. (b) SECA.—Subsection (b) of section 1401 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) H
OSPITAL INSURANCE .—In addition to the tax imposed by the preceding subsection, there shall be imposed for each taxable year, on the self-employment income of every in-dividual, a tax equal to 2.9 percent of the amount of the self-employment income for such taxable year.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to remuneration received after, and taxable years beginning after, December 31, 2022. 
SEC. 214. REFUNDABLE TAX CREDIT FOR HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 36B of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 36B. REFUNDABLE CREDIT FOR COVERAGE UNDER A QUALIFIED HEALTH PLAN. 
‘‘(a) A LLOWANCE OF PREMIUM TAXCREDIT .— In the case of an individual, there shall be al-lowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this subtitle for the taxable year the sum of the monthly credit amounts with respect to such taxpayer for calendar months during such taxable year which are eligible cov-erage months appropriately taken into ac-count under subsection (b)(2) with respect to the taxpayer or any qualifying family mem-ber of the taxpayer. ‘‘(b) M
ONTHLY CREDIT AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The monthly credit amount with respect to any taxpayer for any calendar month is the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the sum of the monthly limitation amounts determined under subsection (c) with respect to the taxpayer and the tax-payer’s qualifying family members for such month, or ‘‘(B) the amount paid for a qualified health plan for the taxpayer and the taxpayer’s qualifying family members for such month. ‘‘(2) ELIGIBLE COVERAGE MONTH REQUIRE -
MENT .—No amount shall be taken into ac-count under subparagraph (A) or (B) of para-graph (1) with respect to any individual for any month unless such month is an eligible coverage month with respect to such indi-vidual. ‘‘(c) M
ONTHLY LIMITATION AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The monthly limitation amount with respect to any individual for any eligible coverage month during any tax-able year is 
1⁄12of— ‘‘(A) $2,000 in the case of an individual who has not attained age 30 as of the beginning of such taxable year, ‘‘(B) $2,500 in the case of an individual who has attained age 30 but who has not attained age 40 as of such time, ‘‘(C) $3,000 in the case of an individual who has attained age 40 but who has not attained age 50 as of such time, ‘‘(D) $3,500 in the case of an individual who has attained age 50 but who has not attained age 60 as of such time, and ‘‘(E) $4,000 in the case of an individual who has attained age 60 as of such time. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION BASED ON MODIFIED AD -
JUSTED GROSS INCOME .—The credit allowed under subsection (a) with respect to any tax-payer for any taxable year shall be reduced (but not below zero) by 10 percent of the ex-cess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the taxpayer’s modified adjusted gross income (as defined in section 36B(d)(2)(B), as in effect for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2020) for such taxable year, over ‘‘(B) $75,000 (twice such amount in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(3) O
THER LIMITATIONS .— ‘‘(A) A
GGREGATE DOLLAR LIMITATION .—The sum of the monthly limitation amounts taken into account under this section with respect to any taxpayer for any taxable year shall not exceed $14,000. ‘‘(B) M
AXIMUM NUMBER OF INDIVIDUALS  
TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT .—With respect to any taxpayer for any month, monthly limitation amounts shall be taken into account under this section only with respect to the 5 oldest individuals with respect to whom monthly limitation amounts could (without regard to this subparagraph) otherwise be so taken into account. ‘‘(d) E
LIGIBLE COVERAGE MONTH .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘eligible cov-erage month’ means, with respect to any in-dividual, any month if, as of the first day of such month, the individual meets the fol-lowing requirements: ‘‘(1) The individual is covered by a health insurance coverage which is certified by the State in which such insurance is offered as coverage that meets the requirements for qualified health plans under subsection (f). ‘‘(2) The individual is not eligible for— ‘‘(A) coverage under a group health plan (within the meaning of section 5000(b)(1)) other than coverage under a plan substan-tially all of the coverage of which is of ex-cepted benefits described in section 9832(c), or ‘‘(B) coverage described in section 5000A(f)(1)(A). ‘‘(3) The individual is either— ‘‘(A) a citizen or national of the United States, or ‘‘(B) a qualified alien (within the meaning of section 431 of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1641)). ‘‘(4) The individual is not incarcerated, other than incarceration pending the disposi-tion of charges. ‘‘(e) Q
UALIFYING FAMILY MEMBER .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘qualifying family member’ means— ‘‘(1) in the case of a joint return, the tax-payer’s spouse, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.001 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2404 March 24, 2017 
‘‘(2) any dependent of the taxpayer, and ‘‘(3) with respect to any eligible coverage month, any child (as defined in section 152(f)(1)) of the taxpayer who as of the end of the taxable year has not attained age 27 if such child is covered for such month under a qualified health plan which also covers the taxpayer (in the case of a joint return, either spouse). ‘‘(f) Q
UALIFIED HEALTH PLAN.—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘qualified health plan’ means any health insurance coverage (as defined in section 9832(b)) if— ‘‘(1) such coverage is offered in the indi-vidual health insurance market within a State (within the meaning of section 5000A(f)(1)(C)), ‘‘(2) substantially all of such coverage is not of excepted benefits described in section 9832(c), ‘‘(3) such coverage does not consist of short-term limited duration insurance (with-in the meaning of section 2791(b)(5) of the Public Health Service Act), ‘‘(4) such coverage is not a grandfathered health plan (as defined in section 1251 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act) or a grandmothered health plan (as defined in section 36B(c)(3)(C) as in effect for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2020), and ‘‘(5) such coverage does not include cov-erage for abortions (other than any abortion necessary to save the life of the mother or any abortion with respect to a pregnancy that is the result of an act of rape or incest). ‘‘(g) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) M
ARRIED COUPLES MUST FILE JOINT RE -
TURN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), if the taxpayer is married (within the meaning of section 7703) at the close of the taxable year, no credit shall be allowed under this section to such taxpayer unless such taxpayer and the taxpayer’s spouse file a joint return for such taxable year. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN TAXPAYERS .— Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any married taxpayer who— ‘‘(i) is living apart from the taxpayer’s spouse at the time the taxpayer files the tax return, ‘‘(ii) is unable to file a joint return because such taxpayer is a victim of domestic abuse or spousal abandonment, ‘‘(iii) certifies on the tax return that such taxpayer meets the requirements of clauses (i) and (ii), and ‘‘(iv) has not met the requirements of clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) for each of the 3 pre-ceding taxable years. ‘‘(2) D
ENIAL OF CREDIT TO DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—No credit shall be al-lowed under this section to any individual who is a dependent with respect to another taxpayer for a taxable year beginning in the calendar year in which such individual’s tax-able year begins. ‘‘(B) C
OORDINATION WITH RULE FOR OLDER  
CHILDREN .—In the case of any individual who is a qualifying family member described in subsection (e)(3) with respect to another tax-payer for any month, in determining the amount of any credit allowable to such indi-vidual under this section for any taxable year of such individual which includes such month, the monthly limitation amount with respect to such individual for such month shall be zero and no amount paid for any qualified health plan with respect to such in-dividual for such month shall be taken into account. ‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION WITH MEDICAL EXPENSE  
DEDUCTION .—Amounts described in sub-section (b)(1)(B) with respect to any month shall not be taken into account in deter-mining the deduction allowed under section 213 except to the extent that such amounts exceed the amount described in subsection (b)(1)(A) with respect to such month. ‘‘(4) COORDINATION WITH ADVANCE PAYMENTS  
OF CREDIT .—With respect to any taxable year— ‘‘(A) the amount which would (but for this subsection) be allowed as a credit to the tax-payer under subsection (a) shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the aggregate amount paid on behalf of such taxpayer under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act for months begin-ning in such taxable year, and ‘‘(B) the tax imposed by section 1 for such taxable year shall be increased by the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the aggregate amount paid on behalf of such taxpayer under such section 1412 for months beginning in such taxable year, over ‘‘(ii) the amount which would (but for this subsection) be allowed as a credit to the tax-payer under subsection (a). ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES FOR QUALIFIED SMALL  
EMPLOYER HEALTH REIMBURSEMENT ARRANGE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the taxpayer or any qualifying family member of the taxpayer is provided a qualified small employer health reimbursement arrangement for an eligible coverage month, the sum determined under subsection (b)(1)(A) with respect to the tax-payer shall be reduced (but not below zero) by 
1⁄12of the permitted benefit (as defined in section 9831(d)(3)(C)) under such arrangement for each such month such arrangement is provided to such taxpayer. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED SMALL EMPLOYER HEALTH  
REIMBURSEMENT ARRANGEMENT .—For pur-poses of this paragraph, the term ‘qualified small employer health reimbursement ar-rangement’ has the meaning given such term by section 9831(d)(2). ‘‘(C) C
OVERAGE FOR LESS THAN ENTIRE  
YEAR .—In the case of an employee who is provided a qualified small employer health reimbursement arrangement for less than an entire year, subparagraph (A) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘the number of months during the year for which such arrangement was provided’ for ‘12’. ‘‘(6) C
ERTAIN RULES RELATED TO NON -
QUALIFIED HEALTH PLANS .—The rules of sec-tion 36B(c)(3)(D), as in effect for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2020, shall apply with respect to subsection (f)(5). ‘‘(7) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year beginning in a calendar year after 2020, each dollar amount in subsection (c)(1), the $75,000 amount in subsection (c)(2)(B), and the dollar amount in subsection (c)(3)(A), shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined— ‘‘(I) by substituting ‘calendar year 2019’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof, and ‘‘(II) by substituting for the CPI referred to section 1(f)(3)(A) the amount that such CPI would have been if the annual percentage in-crease in CPI with respect to each year after 2019 had been one percentage point greater. ‘‘(B) T
ERMS RELATED TO CPI .— ‘‘(i) A
NNUAL PERCENTAGE INCREASE .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)(ii)(II), the term ‘annual percentage increase’ means the per-centage (if any) by which CPI for any year exceeds CPI for the prior year. ‘‘(ii) O
THER TERMS .—Terms used in this paragraph which are also used in section 1(f)(3) shall have the same meanings as when used in such section. ‘‘(C) ROUNDING .—Any increase determined under subparagraph (A) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $50. ‘‘(8) R
ULES RELATED TO STATE CERTIFI -
CATION OF QUALIFIED HEALTH PLANS .—A cer- tification shall not be taken into account under subsection (d)(1) unless such certifi-cation is made available to the public and meets such other requirements as the Sec-retary may provide. ‘‘(9) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may prescribe such regulations and other guid-ance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out this section and section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.’’. (b) A
DVANCE PAYMENT OF CREDIT .—Section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATION TO CERTAIN PLANS .—The Secretary and the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe such regulations as each re-spective Secretary may deem necessary in order to establish and operate the advance payment program established under this sec-tion for individuals covered under qualified health plans (whether enrolled in through an Exchange or otherwise) in such a manner that protects taxpayer information (includ-ing names, taxpayer identification numbers, and other confidential information), provides robust verification of all information nec-essary to establish eligibility of taxpayer for advance payments under this section, en-sures proper and timely payments to appro-priate health providers, and protects pro-gram integrity to the maximum extent fea-sible.’’. (c) I
NCREASED PENALTY ON ERRONEOUS  C
LAIMS OF CREDIT .—Section 6676(a) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘(25 percent in the case of a claim for refund or credit relating to the health in-surance coverage credit under section 36B)’’. (d) R
EPORTING BY EMPLOYERS .—Section 6051(a) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (14), by strik-ing the period at the end of paragraph (15) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after paragraph (15) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(16) each month with respect to which the employee is eligible for coverage described in section 36B(d)(2) in connection with employ-ment with the employer.’’. (e) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER TAXBENE-
FITS.— (1) C
REDIT FOR HEALTH INSURANCE COSTS OF  
ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .—Section 35(g) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(14) C
OORDINATION WITH HEALTH INSURANCE  
COVERAGE CREDIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible coverage month to which the election under para-graph (11) applies shall not be treated as an eligible coverage month (as defined in sec-tion 36B(d)) for purposes of section 36B with respect to the taxpayer or any of the tax-payer’s qualifying family members (as de-fined in section 36B(e)). ‘‘(B) C
OORDINATION WITH ADVANCE PAY -
MENTS OF HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE CRED -
IT.—In the case of a taxpayer who makes the election under paragraph (11) with respect to any eligible coverage month in a taxable year or on behalf of whom any advance pay-ment is made under section 7527 with respect to any month in such taxable year— ‘‘(i) the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year shall be increased by the excess, if any, of— ‘‘(I) the sum of any advance payments made on behalf of the taxpayer under section 7527 and section 1412 of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act, over ‘‘(II) the sum of the credits allowed under this section (determined without regard to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.001 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2405 March 24, 2017 
paragraph (1)) and section 36B (determined without regard to subsection (g)(4)(A) there-of) for such taxable year, and ‘‘(ii) section 36B(g)(4)(B) shall not apply with respect to such taxpayer for such tax-able year.’’. (2) T
RADE OR BUSINESS DEDUCTION .—Section 162(l) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) C
OORDINATION WITH HEALTH INSURANCE  
COVERAGE CREDIT .—The deduction otherwise allowable to a taxpayer under paragraph (1) for any taxable year shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount of the credit allowable to such taxpayer under section 36B (determined without regard to subsection (g)(4)(A) thereof) for such taxable year.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2019, in taxable years ending after such date. 
SEC. 215. MAXIMUM CONTRIBUTION LIMIT TO HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT IN-CREASED TO AMOUNT OF DEDUCT-IBLE AND OUT-OF-POCKET LIMITA-TION. 
(a) S ELF-ONLY COVERAGE .—Section 223(b)(2)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘$2,250’’ and in-serting ‘‘the amount in effect under sub-section (c)(2)(A)(ii)(I)’’. (b) F
AMILY COVERAGE .—Section 223(b)(2)(B) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘$4,500’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount in effect under subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii)(II)’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 223(g)(1) of such Code is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘subsections (b)(2) and’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘sub-section’’, and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘deter-mined by’’ and all that follows through ‘‘‘calendar year 2003’.’’ and inserting ‘‘deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2003’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof .’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 216. ALLOW BOTH SPOUSES TO MAKE CATCH-UP CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE SAME HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(b)(5) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULE FOR MARRIED INDIVID -
UALS WITH FAMILY COVERAGE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of individ-uals who are married to each other, if both spouses are eligible individuals and either spouse has family coverage under a high de-ductible health plan as of the first day of any month— ‘‘(i) the limitation under paragraph (1) shall be applied by not taking into account any other high deductible health plan cov-erage of either spouse (and if such spouses both have family coverage under separate high deductible health plans, only one such coverage shall be taken into account), ‘‘(ii) such limitation (after application of clause (i)) shall be reduced by the aggregate amount paid to Archer MSAs of such spouses for the taxable year, and ‘‘(iii) such limitation (after application of clauses (i) and (ii)) shall be divided equally between such spouses unless they agree on a different division. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF ADDITIONAL CONTRIBU -
TION AMOUNTS .—If both spouses referred to in subparagraph (A) have attained age 55 before the close of the taxable year, the limitation referred to in subparagraph (A)(iii) which is subject to division between the spouses shall include the additional contribution amounts determined under paragraph (3) for both spouses. In any other case, any additional contribution amount determined under para-graph (3) shall not be taken into account under subparagraph (A)(iii) and shall not be subject to division between the spouses.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 217. SPECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN MEDICAL EXPENSES INCURRED BEFORE ES-TABLISHMENT OF HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(d)(2) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN MEDICAL EX -
PENSES INCURRED BEFORE ESTABLISHMENT OF  
ACCOUNT .—If a health savings account is es-tablished during the 60-day period beginning on the date that coverage of the account beneficiary under a high deductible health plan begins, then, solely for purposes of de-termining whether an amount paid is used for a qualified medical expense, such account shall be treated as having been established on the date that such coverage begins.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply with respect to coverage beginning after December 31, 2017. Subtitle B—Repeal of Certain Consumer Taxes 
SEC. 221. REPEAL OF TAX ON PRESCRIPTION MEDICATIONS. 
Subsection (j) of section 9008 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(j) R
EPEAL .—This section shall apply to calendar years beginning after December 31, 2010, and ending before January 1, 2017.’’. 
SEC. 222. REPEAL OF HEALTH INSURANCE TAX. 
Subsection (j) of section 9010 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(j) R
EPEAL .—This section shall apply to calendar years beginning after December 31, 2013, and ending before January 1, 2017.’’. Subtitle C—Repeal of Tanning Tax 
SEC. 231. REPEAL OF TANNING TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking chapter 49. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to services performed after June 30, 2017. Subtitle D—Remuneration From Certain Insurers 
SEC. 241. REMUNERATION FROM CERTAIN INSUR-ERS. 
Paragraph (6) of section 162(m) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(I) T
ERMINATION .—This paragraph shall not apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016.’’. Subtitle E—Repeal of Net Investment Income Tax 
SEC. 251. REPEAL OF NET INVESTMENT INCOME TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking chapter 2A. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 4 hours equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Budget or their respec-tive designees. The gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ) and the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ) each will control 2 hours. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Tennessee. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 7 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks on H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act of 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today to speak in favor of the American Health Care Act, a bill that repeals many of the worst aspects of ObamaCare, and begins to repair the damage caused by the law by bringing choice, competition, and patient-cen-tered solutions back into our healthcare system. Standing here today in the House de-bating this bill is a proud moment for me. I was working as a nurse in Nash-ville in the 1990s when, fresh off of the failure of HillaryCare, the Clinton ad-ministration pushed out a single-payer pilot program in Tennessee called TennCare. As the story goes, Vice President Gore and the Democratic Governor sketched out a program on a napkin while sitting in a local bar. I saw first-hand the negative impact of govern-ment-run health care on patient care. I saw the costs rise, and the quality of care fall. I saw the burdens being placed on doctors, patients, hospitals, and care providers. I saw patients faced with fewer choices and more regula-tion. And I saw the devastating impact that TennCare was having on our State’s budget, gobbling up so much State spending that other priorities like education and infrastructure were getting squeezed. I couldn’t sit idly by while this was happening in my State, so I decided to get involved in public service, and it is what inspired me to run for office at the very beginning. And when, in 2009 and 2010, I saw the same principles being debated and eventually imple-mented on the national level, I thought my experience in Tennessee would be valuable to the national debate. I told the people in my district that, if elect-ed to Congress, I would fight to repeal and replace ObamaCare. In 2011, I sponsored the first piece of legislation that repealed a part of ObamaCare. And today, we take the largest step yet in rescuing the Amer-ican people from the damage that has been done by ObamaCare. We are united in our goal to repeal ObamaCare and replace it with patient- centered health care. Right now, ObamaCare is imploding. We were promised premiums that would de-crease by $2,500; instead, average fam-ily premiums in the employer market have soared by $4,300. We were promised healthcare costs would go down; instead, deductibles have skyrocketed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.001 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2406 March 24, 2017 
We were promised we could keep our doctor, and keep our health insurance plans; instead, millions of Americans have lost their insurance and the doc-tors that they liked. In short, the Affordable Care Act was neither affordable, nor did it provide the quality of care that the American people deserve. The American Health Care Act is a first step in our efforts to deliver pa-tient-centered healthcare reform. This bill returns to the American people freedom and choice in their healthcare decisions. It gets government out of the relationship between patients and their doctors—where it has never be-longed—and puts people back in charge of their own health care. It brings the free market principle of competition to an industry that has long been domi-nated by government intervention. Today we are faced with a stark choice: Do we vote to continue the damage ObamaCare is doing to our country and our constituents, or do we vote to go down another path, a better way of doing health care in this coun-try? While no legislation is perfect, this bill does accomplish some important reforms. It zeros out the mandates. It repeals taxes. It repeals the subsidies. It allows people to choose health insur-ance plans that are unique to their families, instead of purchasing a one- size-fits-all plan that is mandated by some Washington bureaucrat, and it modernizes Medicaid, a once-in-a-life-time entitlement reform. Ending Medicaid’s open-ended fund-ing structure will play an important role in addressing the future budget deficits and our growing national debt. I applaud my colleagues who have stayed in this fight and continue to make this bill better. The members of the Budget Com-mittee, which I chair, outlined four principles they believed would improve the bill. Those principles led to signifi-cant changes to allow more State flexi-bility in Medicaid and ensure that tax credits truly served the people they are meant to serve. Others fought to eliminate Federal ObamaCare regulations that drive up the cost of health care for all Ameri-cans and give those powers back to the States. At the same time, we also en-sure that States have the resources to provide maternity and newborn care and treatment for mental health and substance abuse. I agree with these changes, and I ap-plaud my colleagues for the work to make sure that we truly reverse the damage ObamaCare is doing to our healthcare system and our economy. ObamaCare’s legacy is clear: more government, less choice, and higher costs. Our vision for health care in America is the opposite: more freedom, more choice, and lower costs. Put sim-ply, the American Health Care Act is a good first step, but it is only a first step. My good friend and our former col-league, Dr. Tom Price, will use his po-sition as Secretary of Health and Human Services to address some of the regulatory burden of ObamaCare through administrative action. We have voted already and will continue to vote on individual pieces of legislation to implement even more patient-cen-tered, free market reforms that we can-not address through reconciliation. In fact, we just passed two bills al-ready this week. One would allow small businesses to join together to purchase insurance, and the other would in-crease competition by tearing down antitrust regulations. That bill re-ceived 416 votes. This shows that these bills are commonsense measures that include bipartisan support. The day is finally here where we have an opportunity to fulfill that promise that we have made to the American people. I, for one, cannot sit idly by and let this opportunity go to waste. Campaigning is easy compared to gov-erning, but our constituents did not elect us to do what is easy. They elect-ed us to do what is right. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ on the American Health Care Act, to rescue the American peo-ple from ObamaCare. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, after 7 years of cam-paigning against the Affordable Care Act, congressional Republicans have fi-nally produced what they cynically de-scribe as a replacement plan. Sadly, however, this bill will unravel all of the progress we made under the ACA, including expanding access to health insurance to 22 million Ameri-cans and improving the quality of cov-erage and care for tens of millions more. It nearly doubles the amount of unin-sured people in this country, guts Med-icaid by almost $900 billion, and weak-ens the Medicare trust fund. b1130 That was bad enough. But the last- minute changes to this bill are aston-ishing and appalling. This legislation now allows insurers to end coverage for prescription drugs, mental health, ma-ternity and newborn care, preventive care, emergency room visits, hos-pitalizations, outpatient care, rehab visits, lab services, and pediatric care. That is not progress. That is not a fix. That is a potential health crisis for every American. My Republican colleagues are well aware of this. Why else would they have drafted this bill and these last- minute changes in secret? Why else would complicated legislation affecting the lives of millions be sent to the floor just 2 weeks after it was introduced with no congressional hearings, not a single one, on a bill that impacts the health care of nearly every American family? Why else would they rush the bill to the floor without an updated Congressional Budget Office estimate of how much coverage and care will be lost by their backroom deal that ends consumer protections? I get it. I wouldn’t want to, nor would I know how to justify giving nearly $1 trillion in tax cuts to cor-porations and the wealthy paid for by threatening the health and well-being of millions of American families. Who is getting these huge windfalls? Companies like Amgen, with annual profits of more than $3 million; Medtronic, with annual profits of more than $6 billion; and Gilead Sciences, with $13 billion in profits in 2016 alone. When the CBO released its report last week showing that 24 million hard-working Americans will be left without healthcare coverage by 2026 if we pass this bill, that premiums will rise 15 to 20 percent next year, that people will pay thousands of dollars more in deductibles and out-of-pocket costs, and that older Americans will be priced out of the market by an age tax, I thought for sure it was dead on arrival, that there was no way my Republican colleagues would walk this plank. But here they are, and they are trying to take millions of American families with them. Fourteen million Americans will lose health coverage next year if this bill is approved. Twenty-one million Ameri-cans will lose coverage in the next 3 years alone, wiping out all of the cov-erage gains from the ACA in just 3 years. For pretty much everyone else in the individual market, deductibles and other costs will be higher. And for lower-income individuals, out-of-pock-et costs will be much higher. Insurance companies will again be able to sell plans that offer much less financial protection, and we will return to the days when millions of people in this country will live in fear that they are always one serious illness or acci-dent away from bankruptcy. This bill will result in the largest transfer of wealth from struggling fam-ilies to the well-off in our Nation’s his-tory, giving $1 trillion in tax breaks to millionaires, billionaires, and corpora-tions. It is Robin Hood in reverse, but this is far worse because access to life-saving care is being stolen. I don’t say that casually. I have met people, constituents of mine, whose lives have been saved because of the Affordable Care Act. This is from one of my constituents: ‘‘My name is Kevin Schweitzer. I am 62 years old and I’m a lifelong resident of Louisville, Kentucky. ‘‘I worked hard, took risks and built a successful small business that I sold at age 59. My wife and I were excited about our prospects as we headed into early retirement. As a retiree too young for Medicare, I purchased health insurance on the open market. Less than a year later, I was diagnosed with lymphoma. I have undergone multiple scans and 2 cycles of chemo. I am win-ning the battle so far, but since this disease is in my blood I will be fighting it for the rest of my life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.034 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2407 March 24, 2017 
‘‘A cancer diagnosis is a life-changing event that not only attacks the body, but the mental stress is just as tough to deal with. Thanks to ObamaCare, I’ve been able to rest easier knowing that my illness wouldn’t bankrupt my family and that I’ll be able to provide for my wife even after I’m gone.’’ I also heard from a young woman named Sarah Adkins. She suffers from chronic kidney disease. Sarah was able to get health insurance because of the ACA. On January 9, 2011, it saved her life. One of her kidneys shut down and almost went septic. If she didn’t have coverage, she would have waited or not gone to the hospital at all. The doctor told her that if she had arrived at the ER an hour later, she would have died. Mr. Speaker, the health of my con-stituents Kevin Schweitzer and Sarah Adkins is at stake in this debate. They, and the hundreds of other constituents I have heard from who have serious and chronic health conditions, will need high-quality, affordable health cov-erage for the rest of their lives. Under this bill, they will get less coverage, it will cost more, and eventually they will be priced out of the market, leav-ing them nowhere to turn for the care they need. And that is not all. Because of the last-minute changes to this bill, insur-ers will be able to sell stripped-down coverage to weed out people with pre-existing conditions. They will be able to refuse, for example, to offer cov-erage for chemotherapy drugs and can-cer treatments, insulin pumps, hospital stays, and prescription drugs that treat chronic conditions across the board. Basically, if you have a serious health problem, the care you need may not be available to you at all. When the American people were promised by President Trump and Re-publican congressional leadership that their existing coverage would be pre-served and that everybody would have insurance and it would be less expen-sive and much better, they, under-standably, believed they would be treated much better than this. None of those promises are in this bill. In fact, the opposite of every one of those promises is what is in this bill. Those were promises made to every family in our congressional districts, and this bill fails them at every turn. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind the gentleman from Kentucky that every promise made to the Amer-ican people in support of ObamaCare was rapidly broken. We are now, at this moment in time, watching the death throes of ObamaCare. More people are paying the State tax penalty or claiming hardship exemp-tions than are buying ObamaCare poli-cies. In a third of our counties, there is no choice left at all. You get one pro-vider. Soon, we are warned, some re-gions will have no providers at all. Pre-miums soared an average of 25 percent last year, and this year we are warned it could be 40 percent or more. Critics cite the CBO estimate that 24 million Americans will lose their cov-erage. It is important to understand their reasoning there. The CBO be-lieves that people won’t buy health in-surance unless we force them to buy health insurance. In fact, people won’t buy health insurance that is not a good value for them, and, clearly, ObamaCare isn’t. We replace it with a vigorous buyer’s market where plans across the country will compete to offer consumers better services at lower prices tailored to their own needs and wants. And we as-sure these plans are within their finan-cial reach with $90 billion of additional support that the CBO simply ignores. The AHCA’s biggest achievement is to replace coercion with choice for every American. It ends the individual mandate that forces Americans to buy products they don’t want. It ends the employer mandate that has trapped many low-income workers in part-time jobs. It begins to restore consumers’ freedom of choice, the best guarantee of quality and value in any market. It allows Americans to meet more of their healthcare needs with pretax dol-lars. It relieves the premium base of the enormous cost of preexisting condi-tions by moving them to a block-grant-ed assigned risk pool. Mr. Speaker, ObamaCare is col-lapsing, premiums are skyrocketing, and providers are fleeing. This may well be our last off-ramp on this road to ruin. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 38,200 people from his congressional district in Cali-fornia losing health care and coverage. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE), a distinguished member of the Budget Committee. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1628, which is a bill to take away health care from 24 million Americans. Whether you believe it or not, health care is a basic right. This shameful bill steals from those who can least afford it, including seniors, veterans, people living with HIV, children, and the dis-abled. It would, yes, rip away health care from 24 million people. It would reduce benefits, make families pay more for less, and transfer $600 billion in tax cuts to the very wealthy. This is outrageous. Access to women’s health is denied by defunding Planned Parenthood. Medicaid, as we know it, will end. Healthcare costs for working families and seniors will skyrocket. And now it eliminates essential health benefits like maternity, mental health, and emergency care. This is not a health bill. It is a tax giveaway to the wealthy. Let me tell you, as a woman of faith, I am appalled and I am saddened by the hypocrisy displayed in this bill by peo-ple who say they are religious. I want to remind you—in the Scriptures, the Book of Mark, chapter 12:31, we are re-minded to love your neighbor as your-self. This bill shows disdain for the most vulnerable and would lead to death and destruction and disease for millions of Americans. I hope Republicans remember to love their neighbor as themselves today and vote ‘‘no’’ on this mean-spirited bill. Let’s defeat this harmful and morally bankrupt bill. This is a matter of life and death, and the American people de-serve better. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ), a member of the Budget Committee. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, the American people spoke loudly and clearly last November. In fact, they have been speaking loudly and clearly ever since this fatally flawed bill called ObamaCare was signed into law. And now we are hours away from the vote that the American people have been waiting years for. This vote can be distilled down to simply this, and each Member of this body must ask themselves this simple question: Are they willing to allow ObamaCare to remain the law of the land? Or are we going to begin to re-store healthcare decisions to the Amer-ican people and their doctors? Those who choose to vote against the American Health Care Act, regardless of how they attempt to justify it, will be voting to keep ObamaCare in place. This is an inescapable fact that will re-main long after the smoke and spin and handwringing from political pundits following this vote has gone and dis-appeared, regardless of how the votes go. There is no such thing as perfect leg-islation in a body of 435 men and women representing 435 different parts of the Nation. There is consensus among the Amer-ican people that this law should be re-pealed and replaced, and today the peo-ple’s House will either acknowledge the will of the people or we will defy it. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 40,500 people from his congressional district in Ohio losing health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ), a distinguished mem-ber of the Budget Committee. Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to remind the gentleman from Ohio that the latest poll put the will of the American people at 17 percent in favor of this bill. I would like to read a message from my Republican constituent: ‘‘The American Health Care Act would strain the fiscal resources nec-essary to support the Commonwealth’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.036 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2408 March 24, 2017 
continued commitment to universal health coverage.’’ This constituent is the Republican Governor of Massachusetts, who knows that TrumpCare destroys our ability to ensure access to quality, affordable healthcare coverage. Another Republican in my State, Governor Mitt Romney, worked with the Democratic legislature to create the Nation’s first system to provide af-fordable, comprehensive health care. RomneyCare wasn’t perfect, but Re-publicans and Democrats worked to-gether to improve it, and they created a system with higher approval ratings than TrumpCare or even ObamaCare. We can do this. Health care should not be partisan. It should be about in-vesting in our people, in our families, and in our future so that Americans can live healthy, productive lives. But that is not what this Republican TrumpCare bill does. Michael is a constituent from Gloucester, the old fishing city. He was prescribed OxyContin by his doctors, and then became addicted. But he was able to enter a treatment program through Medicaid, the kind of program that will be cut by TrumpCare. He is now back at work as an electrician, and he says that the Affordable Care Act saved his life. I am a veteran, and I get my health care at the VA. Sometimes it takes me weeks to get an appointment. If this Republican bill passes, it will throw 8 million veterans off private health care, forcing them into the VA, and creating even longer wait times. That is no way to treat those who have put their lives on the line for our country. Perhaps it’s no surprise that this bill is being jammed down the throats of Congress and the American people like a dead fish. Nobody wants it and it will make a lot of people sick. What we should be doing here in Wash-ington is coming together as Republicans and Democrats to have an open, honest debate, and improve the health care system. Everyone says Congress doesn’t work— don’t prove them right. I urge my colleagues to vote no on this ter-rible bill and to instead come to the table like we did in Massachusetts. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. L
EWIS), who is a distin-guished member of the Budget Com-mittee. b1145 Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of the Amer-ican Health Care Act, and I ask the other side: Just what is it you are try-ing to preserve by voting ‘‘no?’’ Premiums rising double digits for years for the last 7 years? In my home State of Minnesota, back-to-back pre-mium increases of 50 to 67 percent? Young, healthy people being priced out of the insurance market, 8 million in 2014, choosing to pay the penalty in-stead of buying insurance? That is the genesis of the death spi-ral in the insurance markets. That is what this bill is trying to correct. Deductibles, copays—I had a deduct-ible on my own individual policy, a skyrocketing deductible. There are deductibles of $13,000. That is not health care. That is not even access. Drug formularies being tightened to save money, so people are denied pre-scription drugs, a prescription drug tax; thousands of Minnesotans losing their plans, 100,000 when a big insurer dropped out; 1,000 counties with one in-surer—that is what you are trying to preserve on the other side, people vot-ing ‘‘no’’ on this bill? Emergency State legislation trying to prop up MNsure in my home State because it is failing, and $1 trillion in taxes and spending that is bankrupting the country—that is what the other side is trying to preserve. Those voting ‘‘no’’ on this bill, we have a choice today. You can embrace the status quo and see the markets spi-ral out of control completely, or you can vote for change and do the right thing. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 50,200 people from his congressional district in Min-nesota losing health coverage and care. I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ), a dis-tinguished member of the Budget Com-mittee. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, the Trump Presidency has been character-ized by chaos, crisis, and confusion, and this Republican healthcare debacle has been no different. The American people clearly under-stand that TrumpCare will be an un-mitigated disaster. Under TrumpCare, working families will pay more and get less. Under TrumpCare, premiums will increase. Under TrumpCare, copays will increase. Under TrumpCare, deductibles will increase. Under TrumpCare, out-of-pocket expenses will increase. Under TrumpCare, 24 million hard-working Americans will lose their health coverage. Under TrumpCare, in-dividuals between the age of 50 and 64 will pay a regressive age tax. Health care is a matter of life and death; that is why we take it so seri-ously. TrumpCare will lead to in-creased death, disease, and destitution, and that is why we oppose this horrible piece of legislation. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ) who is a member of the Budget Committee. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, ObamaCare’s disastrous effects over the last several years have wreaked havoc on our small businesses, broken the backs of middle and working class families, and have had a disproportion-ately negative impact on rural Amer-ica. Those are the folks who I represent in west Texas. While the current bill before us is far from perfect—and let’s be honest, there is no such thing as perfect legislation— it reverses course and takes us in the right direction. It repeals the mandates and restores freedom to individuals and markets. It repeals about $1 trillion of taxes. It reduces deficit spending by over $100 billion, making it the largest entitle-ment reform since the 1960s. It rolls back regulations, gives maximum flexi-bility to States, and begins to defederalize health care. For 7 years now, Republicans have promised the American people that if we were given control of the Presi-dency and the House and the Senate, then we would repeal and replace ObamaCare. And now that we are given the opportunity to govern and to keep our promises and to deliver results for the American people, we can’t let per-fect be the enemy of good. The debate is now closing. We have two choices. We either pass a good but imperfect bill, or we leave ObamaCare in place. That is an unacceptable alter-native. As leaders, we have a moral obliga-tion to do something, to not stand idly by while the people suffer under a sys-tem that is failing them. If we are going to restore the great-ness of America and transfer power back to the people, we need more than policy solutions, even perfect policy so-lutions. We need the political will and the courage to lead. This is a rescue mission, Mr. Speak-er, and it isn’t without risk; but I have faith in the President and his team. I have faith in our States and the free markets, and, above all, Mr. Speaker, I have faith in the American people. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 60,400 people from his congressional district in Texas losing health coverage and care. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. HIGGINS ), a distin-guished member of the Budget Com-mittee and the Ways and Means Com-mittee. Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, this never needed to be an ideological fist fight. Democrats were always willing to take into account se-rious and constructive alternatives to the law that we have today that make it better, to make it affordable, more affordable for the American people. But this bill is a blatant takeaway from the American people of money and protection. If you are 50 to 64 years old, you get clobbered. If you are 64 years old, you make $26,000 a year, ac-cording to the Republican-led Congres-sional Budget Office, your premiums go from $1,700 a year to $14,000 a year. Fact: UnitedHealthcare is one of the largest private health insurers in America. Fact: UnitedHealthcare will have $200 billion in revenues this year, and they paid their chief executive officer $66 million in compensation in 2014. Fact: UnitedHealthcare is under in-vestigation today by the Department of Justice for stealing billions of dol-lars from the Medicare program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.038 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2409 March 24, 2017 
Fact: The Republican health bill, on page 67, in 7 words, gives UnitedHealthcare, their high-paid ex-ecutives, and all of their cronies, a massive tax cut to continue to screw the American people. Mr. Speaker, we can do much better. We are prepared to do much better. But this is a financial assault on good, hardworking Americans who want to do one thing at the end of the day, after paying too much money for health care throughout the year, and that is, when they need their health care, it is available to them and their family. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. F
ASO), a distinguished mem-ber of the Budget Committee. Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I wanted to point out to my colleagues that a fun-damental change is being made with the new health law we have before us, and that is, we are, for the first time, equalizing the treatment of people who do not have employer-provided health care. Those of us who have employer-pro-vided health care, 170 million Ameri-cans, that is not a taxable event for them. It is not a taxable event where they have to pay tax at the end of the year on the value of that employer-pro-vided health care. And yet, if you are the person who does not have employer-provided health care, if you are the husband and wife with two kids making 45 or $50,000, and your employer does not provide health care, you receive absolutely no tax subsidy through the Tax Code. This bill, through the advance re-fundable tax credits, will, for the first time, give someone the choice to buy health care and give them the oppor-tunity and the means to buy health care that they previously have not had. It is not a markedly important distinc-tion, frankly, from the Affordable Care Act, where you only could buy the health care through an exchange-ap-proved policy. This policy, under this legislation today, will allow someone the flexi-bility and the freedom to buy a policy of their choosing, not one dictated by Washington. So that is a fundamental important distinction between the sta-tus quo and what this legislation would offer. Mr. Speaker, and my colleagues, I urge support for the bill. It is not per-fect, as we all know, but it is some-thing that is long overdue. I would also point out that the num-bers that my colleague from Kentucky uses are really based upon fantasy. Those numbers are simply incorrect, and the people of our State and our country will have health care under the provisions of this bill, and we will work hard to ensure that they do. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 65,800 people from his congressional district in New York losing health coverage and care. I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE), a dis-tinguished member of the Budget Com-mittee and the Ways and Means Com-mittee. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, if Re-publicans crafted legislation that lived up to the promise of insurance for ev-erybody, they would have broad bipar-tisan support. But that is not what they did. This bill threatens massive disrup-tion and chaos, not only to our healthcare system, but to middle class families, families who sit at their kitchen table trying to figure out how to pay their mortgage, buy groceries, and also get health coverage for their kids. This Republican bill does nothing to help them. In their rush to check a political box, Republicans have crafted legislation that does nothing but hurt working Americans, and, in the last 24 hours, it has gone from bad to worse. Make no mistake, the changes made in the 11th hour to appease the most extreme Members of Congress have put lifesaving care even further out of reach. Some may use alternative facts, but this is reality, and the reality is that their bill robs $75 billion from Medi-care, forces older Americans to pay five times more than others, and shifts $312 billion in out-of-pocket costs onto mid-dle class families. But this is about more than numbers. It is about people like Rachel, from Kirkland, Washington, who suffered a heart attack and blood clot at the age of 35. She now depends on frequent tests, medications and doctors’ visits to stay healthy. Thankfully, it is all covered by her insurance. Rachel told me: ‘‘I’m horrified by the talking point that equates repealing the Affordable Care Act with getting freedom back. For me, the loss of the ACA gives me nothing but the freedom to die sooner and worry more.’’ I am not voting against this bill be-cause it is a Republican bill. I am vot-ing ‘‘no’’ for families like Rachel’s. Health care doesn’t need to be a par-tisan issue, and I stand ready and will-ing to work on commonsense solutions that expand coverage and reduce costs. But I was sent here to make my con-stituents’ lives better. This bill does not do that. I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ) who is a distinguished member of our Budget Committee. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to re-peal the disaster that is ObamaCare. ObamaCare functions as a wet blanket over the American economy, stopping businesses from growing, and impairing the rights of individuals to make their own decisions about health care. Mr. Speaker, I specifically implore my conservative colleagues to vote for this bill and give us a chance to get out from under this disastrous law. This legislation represents $1 trillion in tax cuts, $1.15 trillion in spending cuts, $150 billion in deficit reduction; defunding Planned Parenthood. How long have we been fighting to defund Planned Parenthood? Close the illegal alien loophole that allows people to enroll in ObamaCare, only to check their status in this coun-try subsequently. We install work requirements. I don’t think people that are able to work but choose not to should expect us to go borrow money from China to pay for their health care. Installing those work requirements is fundamental to bold conservative reform. Block grants for States so that fi-nally they can be liberated from the oppressive hand of the Federal Govern-ment, and also blocking States from additional Medicaid expansion. We have been engaging in these con-servative fights for years, and finally, today, we have got the chance to put a win on the board; and so I am joining our President, our Speaker, and many conservatives in this Congress in vot-ing for the American Health Care Act. When we win, when we do this, not only do we enhance our economy, not only do we free up opportunities for broader prosperity in America, but we allow people to be in charge of health care, and we move from a government- centered system to a patient-centered system. That was the promise we made in the elections, and that is the prom-ise I intend to keep by voting for this bill. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 56,000 people from his congressional district in Flor-ida losing health coverage and care. I yield 13⁄4minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ ), a distinguished member of the Budget Committee. b1200 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I stand in opposition to the Republican pay more for less care act, under which Americans will suffer from higher healthcare costs, less coverage, a crushing age tax, and a ransacking of the Medicare trust fund, which our sen-iors depend on for long-term care. Under the age tax, Americans aged 50 to 64 will be forced to pay five times higher premiums than others, no mat-ter how healthy they are. Under TrumpCare, a 64-year-old with an in-come of $26,500 in the individual mar-ket will pay $12,900 more in their pre-miums every year under this bill. In addition, TrumpCare will take away health care from 24 million hard-working Americans and will force fam-ilies to pay higher premiums and deductibles. In fact, for families en-rolled in the ACA marketplace, pre-miums are expected to increase by 15 to 20 percent. It will also punish millions of people who experience a lapse in coverage by forcing them to pay a 30 percent higher premium each month in order to re-ceive care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.041 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2410 March 24, 2017 
Tell that to Suzanne Boyd from Sun-rise, Florida, who, with two daughters heading to college, lost her husband to lung cancer and then lost the insurance coverage she had through her em-ployer. Thankfully, she was able to ob-tain coverage under the ACA for $192 a month with subsidies rather than a 30 percent Republican sick tax for getting a life-threatening illness. Yet this bill apparently isn’t harmful enough for the far-right extremists in the Republican Party, whom Repub-lican leadership has tried to appease by cutting the ACA essential health bene-fits like mental health, maternity, and emergency services. Mr. Speaker, this bill is like taking a sledgehammer to a clock that is mov-ing a little slow rather than working on precision fine tuning instead. It is an immoral piece of legislation. As a breast cancer survivor, I urge every Member to stand with my sister sur-vivors all across the country, who number in the millions, to make sure that you don’t devastate our health and make sure that we don’t have our lives threatened. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ), who is the vice chair of the Budget Committee. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman. I am really proud, Mr. Speaker, of the Budget Committee. We did great work last week, and everyone was heard: six motions on the Republican side, six motions on the Democratic side, and the debate was civil. Tones weren’t raised; theatrics, by and large, weren’t employed; and we made the bill better. That was the process the week before that when the committees of ju-risdiction had this legislation. It is my hope that, as we pass this bill off the floor of the House—and it is a bill being passed off the floor of the House and not into law right now—and as it goes to the Senate, that the bill will continue to be improved. That is the legislative process. I am very proud of the members of the staff of the Budget Committee for being a major part of that process and starting that process. We did good work. You don’t have to pass this bill to find out what is in it as we had to with ObamaCare. This process will con-tinue. I am very pleased, also, that we have Medicaid block grants, or lump sum payments to the States, that are avail-able now to cover at least our able-bod-ied children and adults. It is a huge step forward in letting States have the flexibility they need to decide who really needs this assistance, how they should get it, and what they should get in terms of health care. This is good legislation. This is what we were sent to do, and we are keeping our promises to the American people by passing this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my friend from Indiana that his vote for this bill will result in 37,900 people from his congressional district losing health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ), who is a distin-guished member of the Budget Com-mittee. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in op-position to TrumpCare, the Republican plan to cut Medicare and Medicaid, in-crease healthcare costs, and take health care away from tens of millions of Americans, all while providing the largest transfer of wealth from work-ing families to our Nation’s richest, and all of this in the name of choice and freedom. But we all know that, under this bill, that is just code for survival of the fittest, economic Dar-winism. Mr. Speaker, let me bring this a lit-tle closer to home for me. Thanks to TrumpCare, 36,700 of my constituents covered by the ACA’s Medicaid expan-sion now stand to lose this lifesaving coverage. Here is one of them, con-stituent Maura McGrath, a 17-year-old with Down syndrome. Maura’s parents, Joe and Rita, know firsthand why Medicaid is so impor-tant. Medicaid has been critical to keeping their daughter alive and sav-ing their family from bankruptcy. Even though Joe and Rita both work, the cost of Maura’s care is too expen-sive to afford on their own, not to men-tion that Rita is a breast cancer sur-vivor and Joe suffers from Parkinson’s disease. Medicaid provides the McGraths peace of mind knowing Maura will receive the care that she needs and they aren’t alone to fend for themselves, given the tough hand they have been dealt. Mr. Speaker, for Maura and everyone in my district, say ‘‘no’’ to TrumpCare. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ). Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise unscripted and in pas-sionate support of freedom. I have heard many statements with words like ‘‘fact’’ and details of the minutia of these plans. I will share with you a fact. Two hundred years ago, my ancestral forefather was born. He was a young, poor Irishman born into indentured servitude. He heard a whisper of a land born across the sea, a land where a man could own his own property, a land where a man could keep the toil of his labor. So he garnered his courage, he saved his money, and he booked pas-sage on a cargo vessel converted to carry human beings. According to the letter unearthed by my sainted moth-er, his sleeping berth measured 2 by 2 by 5. What could have driven my ancestral forefather—and yours, Mr. Speaker— indeed, all of America? What drove our ancestral forefathers to come to this land? Freedom. Freedom drove us, and it is freedom for which I stand. The Affordable Care Act, known as ObamaCare, is 8,000 pages—8,000 pages—of regulation and taxation. There is not a man or a woman amongst us, from sea to shining sea, who believes this body can produce 8,000 pages of freedom. The American Health Care Act is 124 pages of reason-able legislation based upon the best input of free market principles. A vote against the American Health Care Act is a vote against freedom. It is a vote against 124 pages of reason-able legislation, and it is a vote for 8,000 pages of ObamaCare. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ for the American Health Care Act. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague that the gentle-man’s vote for this bill will result in 50,100 people from his congressional district in Louisiana losing health cov-erage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ), who is the distin-guished vice ranking member of the Budget Committee. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman for yield-ing and for his tremendous leadership. Mr. Speaker, this reckless Repub-lican plan is a betrayal of the Amer-ican people. How is it a betrayal? Callously stripping 24 million people of health care is a betrayal. Putting an age tax on people aged 50 to 64 who will pay up to $14,000 more in annual premiums is a betrayal. Gutting essential benefits like ma-ternity care, prescription drug cov-erage, emergency services, and fun-damentally destroying protections for Americans with preexisting conditions is a betrayal. Slashing Medicaid by $880 billion and stripping the safety net for our seniors, our kids, and people with disabilities is a betrayal. The burden of all of this, Mr. Speak-er, will fall on the States, who will have to come up with billions of dol-lars. Mr. Speaker, this bill is not about freedom or choice. This bill is a trav-esty, and the American people will pay the price. This is not a healthcare bill. The only people who benefit are million-aires, billionaires, and insurance com-panies, who will get $1 trillion in tax benefits while working Americans pay more and get nothing. Mr. Speaker, this bill is pure greed, and real people will suffer and die from it. Vote ‘‘no,’’ and protect our care. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize that our Members on the other side of the aisle are sharing some data on the cov-erage of per congressional district based on a study that was conducted by the Center for American Progress, which is a left-leaning organization to begin with. The Center for American Progress employs a flawed method-ology for estimating this coverage. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.043 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2411 March 24, 2017 
fact, their foundational numbers are actually based on CBO’s coverage esti-mates, estimates that the CBO itself has established are not infallible. These coverage numbers only take into account plans that they consider comprehensive major medical policies. This is a term that is used in the very law that we are trying to dismantle today. These coverage estimates do not account for things that we have in our bill, such as HSA plans that allow pur-chase with tax credits, and many med-ical plans. So the AHCA increases freedom for Americans to purchase the kind of cov-erage that works for them, not the nar-rowly defined coverage that we see that the Federal Government likes. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ), who is a member of our committee. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I simply want to underscore what the chairwoman has already laid out. When my friend from Kentucky says that his constituents will lose cov-erage, he is basing it on two premises. He is ignoring the $90 billion of addi-tional funds that we freed up in the Budget Committee to assure that no-body will face sticker shock as we make this transition. Second, he assumes that the only reason that people buy insurance is if we force them to buy it. The reality is many are refusing to buy ObamaCare policies even when they are faced with these crushing tax policies. The AHCA replaces this heavyhanded and failing bureaucratic nightmare. Ultimately, we are going to be judged not on polls or fairy tales, but on whether the vast majority of Ameri-cans have a better experience with this new consumer-driven market than they had with the bureaucratized, one-size- fits-all ObamaCare system. That sys-tem has already been weighed in the balance and found wanting by the American people, and I am here to stake my reputation on the prediction that they will find better policies with better services at lower costs when they are restored the freedom to be consumers in a marketplace with a supportive tax structure that assures that these policies are within the fi-nancial reach of every American fam-ily. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 38,200 people from his congressional district in Cali-fornia losing health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ), who is a distinguished member of the Budget Committee. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, before I came to Congress, I worked in local government as a county supervisor. One of my proudest achievements dur-ing that time was working in a bipar-tisan way to create a program that re-duced the rate of uninsured children in our county by over 90 percent—all be-fore the Affordable Care Act was signed into law. Since the Affordable Care Act, I saw firsthand the direct and positive impact of this legislation over the past 7 years to communities and families across the central coast. The Affordable Care Act meant Sarah, from Lompoc, could open her small business and afford insurance coverage for her two children. It meant that Kathleen, in San Luis Obispo, who was diagnosed with ovar-ian and breast cancer, that her $500,000 medical bill was covered by her healthcare plan. It meant that Adrienne, from Buellton, now could afford to pay for her husband’s nursing facility, as his debilitating disease prevents her from being able to physically care for him. Repealing legislation that has im-proved the quality of life not only for Sarah, Kathleen, and Adrienne, but for the over 20 million Americans who have gained health insurance under the Affordable Care Act, would be callous, cruel, and irresponsible. Instead of taking away health care from 24 million Americans, let’s work together to create a more equitable, af-fordable, and accessible healthcare sys-tem for all. b1215 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, I want to make clear that I agree with what every Republican speaker has said thus far on the need to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. I want to say how much I admire the Speaker and the leadership team, President Trump and his team, Chairwoman B
LACK , and others on the Budget Committee for what they have brought to bear. My simple question is one of timing. What I tell my boys consistently is: If you don’t know, you don’t go. One of the things that I think we have to really look at in this bill is one of process. It does do a lot of good things, as has been pointed out by the Republican speakers, but it still leaves in place community rating. It leaves in place the architecture, I think, of a flawed bill that came with the Afford-able Care Act. The question is: Can we build on top of that to do the very good things that are talked about in this bill, or do we take just a little bit more time to make certain that we have it right? I think that when you look at this notion of lowering premiums, look at it like rent control in New York. Rent control in New York has done a lot of good for some folks, but it has hurt a lot of others in the process. The question we fundamentally have to ask ourselves is: At this juncture, can we make the changes necessary? Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I men-tion to my colleague that his vote against this bill will result in 56,600 people from his congressional district in South Carolina losing health cov-erage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 13⁄4minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman of the Budget Committee for his leader-ship. Our mothers and our doctors have warned us about poison pills. Well, let me say that, this morning, the Repub-licans are giving to the American peo-ple a poison meal that would affect my friend, the senior citizen, with $175 bil-lion being taken away from Medicare; a poison meal that will affect a young child who is being seen by a doctor. The Children’s Hospital Association, including the Texas Children’s Hos-pital, has said to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill because 30 million children will have no health insurance. This will impact working families making $31,000 a year. They will have to pay $4,000 more out of pocket. In 2026, under pay more for less, $52 mil-lion Americans will be uninsured. This poison meal is getting worse and worse. Then, in the dark of night, what did they do? They took away hospitalization. They took away pregnancy, maternity, and newborn care. They took away mental health and substance abuse care. Those States that are experiencing the opioid abuse and epidemic, what are they going to do? They have threatened community health centers. They are closing rural hospitals. What is this disaster of TrumpCare? It is injuring my good friend who is sitting there in the hospital room. It is injuring Anna Nunez. It is injuring small businesses who say that they can live better under the Affordable Care Act, and the youngster that is a junior in college who said she would not be alive had it not been for the Affordable Care Act. More than half of the American peo-ple—and it is growing—are against this bill done in the dark of night. It is the poison meal that is keeping those who need health insurance away from health insurance. I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Don’t feed the American people a poi-son meal. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Budget Committee and the representative of a con-gressional district that has benefited enor-mously from the Affordable Care Act, I rise in strong and unyielding opposition to H.R. 1628, the so-called ‘‘American Health Care Act,’’ which more accurately should be called ‘‘Trumpcare, the Pay More For Less Act.’’ Seven years ago yesterday, March 23, 2010, President Barack Obama signed into law the landmark Affordable Care Act passed by the Democratic controlled 111th Congress. Seven years later, the verdict is in on the Affordable Care Act; the American people have judged it a success and are adamantly opposed to any effort to repeal a law that has brought to more than 20 million Americans the peace of mind and security that comes with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.044 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2412 March 24, 2017 
knowing they have access to affordable, high quality health care. Before the passage of the Affordable Care Act, 17.1 of Americans lacked health insur-ance; today nearly nine of ten (89.1%) are in-sured, which is the highest rate since Gallup began tracking insurance coverage in 2008. Because of the Affordable Healthcare Act: 1. insurance companies are banned from discriminating against anyone, including 17 million children, with a preexisting condition, or charging higher rates based on gender or health status; 2. 6.6 million young-adults up to age 26 can stay on their parents’ health insurance plans; 3. 100 million Americans no longer have an-nual or life-time limits on healthcare coverage; 4. 6.3 million seniors in the ‘‘donut hole’’ have saved $6.1 billion on their prescription drugs; 5. 3.2 million seniors now get free annual wellness visits under Medicare, and 6. 360,000 Small Businesses are using the Health Care Tax Credit to help them provide health insurance to their workers; 7. Pregnancy is no longer a pre-existing condition and women can no longer be charged a higher rate just because they are women. We are becoming a nation of equals when it comes to access to affordable healthcare in-surance. The President and congressional Repub-licans call this enviable record of success a ‘‘disaster.’’ The American people do not agree and that is why they reject overwhelmingly (56%–17%) this Republican attempt to repeal the Afford-able Care Act according to the latest Quinnipiac poll. Americans know a disaster when they see one and they see one in the making: it is called ‘‘Trumpcare,’’ masquerading as the ‘‘American Health Care Act,’’ which will force Americans to ‘‘pay more for less.’’ And they are right to be alarmed at what they see. This ‘‘Pay-More-For-Less’’ bill is a massive $900 billion tax cut for the wealthy, paid for on the backs of America’s seniors, the vulnerable, the poor, and working class households. This ‘‘Robin Hood in reverse’’ bill is unprec-edented and breathtaking in its audacity—no bill ever tried to give so much to the rich while taking so much from the poor and working class. Trumpcare represents the largest transfer of wealth from the bottom 99% to the top 1% in American history. This callous Republican scheme gives gi-gantic tax cuts to the rich, and pays for it by taking insurance away from 24 million people, leaving 52 million uninsured, and raising costs for the poor and middle class. In addition, Republicans are giving the phar-maceutical industry a big tax repeal, worth nearly $25 billion over a decade without de-manding in return any reduction in the cost of prescription and brand-name drugs. To paraphrase Winston Churchill, of this bill, it can truly be said that ‘‘never has so much been taken from so many to benefit so few.’’ The Pay-More-For-Less plan destroys the Medicaid program under the cover of repeal-ing the Affordable Care Act Medicaid expan-sion. CBO estimates 14 million Americans will lose Medicaid coverage by 2026 under the Republican plan. In addition to terminating the ACA Medicaid expansion, the bill converts Medicaid to a per- capita cap that is not guaranteed to keep pace with health costs starting in 2020. The combined effect of these policies is to slash $880 billion in federal Medicaid funding over the next decade. The cuts get deeper with each passing year, reaching 25% of Medicaid spending in 2026. These steep cuts will force states to drop people from Medicaid entirely or ration care for those who most need access to com-prehensive coverage. The Pay-More-For-Less plan undermines the health care safety net for vulnerable popu-lations. Currently, Medicaid provides coverage to more than 70 million Americans, including chil-dren, pregnant women, seniors in Medicare, people who are too disabled to work, and par-ents struggling to get by on poverty-level wages. In addition to doctor and hospital visits, Medicaid covers long-term services like nurs-ing homes and home and community-based services that allow people with chronic health conditions and disabilities to live independ-ently. To date, 31 states and D.C. have expanded Medicaid eligibility to low-income adults, which, when combined with the ACA’s other coverage provisions, has helped to reduce the nation’s uninsured rate to the lowest in history. Trumpcare throws 24 million Americans off their health insurance by 2026 according to the Congressional Budget Office. Low-income people will be hit especially hard because 14 million people will lose ac-cess to Medicaid by 2026 according to CBO. Trumpcare massively shifts who gets in-sured in the nongroup market. According to CBO, ‘‘fewer lower-income people would obtain coverage through the nongroup market under the legislation than current law,’’ and, ‘‘a larger share of enrollees in the nongroup market would be younger people and a smaller share would be older people.’’ The projected 10% reduction in premiums is not the result of better care or efficiency—it is in large part the result of higher-cost and older people being pushed out of a market that is also selling plans that provide less financial protection. People with low incomes suffer the greatest losses in coverage. CBO projects the uninsured rate for people in their 30s and 40s with incomes below 200% of poverty will reach 38% in 2026 under this bill, nearly twice the rate projected under cur-rent law. Among people aged 50–64, CBO projects 30% of those with incomes below 200% of poverty will be uninsured in 2026. Under current law, CBO projects the unin-sured rate would only be 12 percent. Being uninsured is not about ‘‘freedom.’’ Speaker Ryan has argued that people will happily forgo insurance coverage because this bill gives them that ‘‘freedom.’’ The argument makes as much sense as the foolish claim that slaves came to America as ‘‘immigrants’’ seeking a better life. The freedom to be uninsured is no freedom at all to people in their 50s and 60s with mod-est incomes who simply cannot afford to pay thousands of dollars toward premiums. They do not really have a choice. The claim of our Republican friends that Trumpcare provides more freedom to all Americans calls to mind the words of Anatole France: ‘‘The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread from the market.’’ Trumpcare raises costs for Americans near-ing retirement, essentially imposing an ‘‘Age Tax.’’ The bill allows insurance companies to charge older enrollees higher premiums than allowed under current law, while reducing the size of premium tax credits provided. Again, these changes hit low-income older persons the hardest. A 64-year-old with an income of $26,500 buying coverage in the individual market will pay $12,900 more toward their premiums in 2026, on average. Trumpcare raises costs for individuals and families with modest incomes, particularly older Americans. A recent analysis found that in 2020, individ-uals with incomes of about $31,000 would pay 
on average $4,000 more out of pocket for health care—which is like getting a 13% pay cut. And the older you are, the worse it gets. An analysis by the Urban Institute estimates that for Americans in their 50s and 60s, the tax credits alone would only be sufficient to buy plans with major holes in them, such as a $30,000 deductible for family coverage and no coverage at all of brand-name drugs or many therapy services. Another reason I oppose the Trumpcare bill before us is because its draconian cuts in Medicaid funding and phase-out of Medicaid expansion put community health centers at risk. Community health centers are consumer- driven and patient-centered organizations that serve as a comprehensive and cost effective primary health care option for America’s most underserved communities. Community health centers serve as the health care home for more than 25 million patients in nearly 10,000 com-munities across the country. Across the country, 550 new clinics have opened to receive 5 million new patients since 2009. Community health centers serve ev-eryone regardless of ability to pay or insurance status: 1. 71% of health center patients have incomes at or below 100% of poverty and 92% have incomes less than 200% of poverty; 2. 49% of health center patients are on Medicaid; and 3. 24% are uninsured; 4. Community health centers annu-ally serve on average 1.2 million home-less patients and more than 300,000 vet-erans. Community health centers reduce health care costs and produce savings— on average, health centers save 24% per Medicaid patient when compared to other providers. Community health centers integrate critical medical and social services such as oral health, mental health, substance abuse, case management, and translation, under one roof. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.029 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2413 March 24, 2017 
Community health centers employ nearly 190,000 people and generate over $45 billion in total economic activity in some of the nation’s most distressed communities. Community health centers serve on the front lines of public health crises such as the Zika virus and the opioid epidemic. Mr. Speaker, community health cen-ters are on the front lines of every major health crisis our country faces, from providing access to care (and em-ployment) to veterans to addressing the opioid epidemic to responding to public health threats like the Zika virus. We should be providing more support and funding to community health cen-ters, not making it more difficult for them to serve the communities that desperately need them by slashing Medicaid funding. Trumpcare Republican plan leaves rural Americans worse off. Mr. Speaker, health insurance has historically been more expensive in rural areas because services cost more and it is hard to have a stable indi-vidual market with a small population. Under the Affordable Care Act, pre-mium subsidies are tied to local costs, which helps keeps premium costs down. But they are not under the Repub-lican plan. So, under the Republican plan resi-dents in rural areas, who tend to be older and poorer, will pay much more and get much less health insurance. At the end of the day, Mr. Speaker, the powerful and compelling reasons to reject Trumpcare lies in the real world experiences of the American people. Let me briefly share with you the positive, life affirming difference made by the Affordable Care Act in the lives of just three of the millions of Ameri-cans it has helped. Joan Fanwick: ‘‘If Obamacare is re-pealed, I don’t know if I’ll live to see the next President’’ ‘‘After nearly a decade of mysterious health scares, I was diagnosed with an autoimmune disorder called Sjogren’s Syndrome last year, when I was a jun-ior at Temple University. ‘‘It’s a chronic illness with no known cause or cure, and without close med-ical surveillance and care, it can lead to life-threatening complications (like the blood infections I frequently expe-rience). ‘‘For me, having this disorder means waking up every morning and taking 10 different medications. ‘‘It also means a nurse visiting my apartment every Saturday to insert a needle into the port in my chest, so I can give myself IV fluids throughout the week. ‘‘Without insurance, my medical ex-penses would cost me about $1,000 per week—more than $50,000 per year. And that doesn’t even include hospitaliza-tions. ‘‘My medical bills aren’t cheap under Obamacare, but I can afford them. ‘‘Under Obamacare, insurance compa-nies aren’t allowed to cut you off when your costs climb so right now, the most I personally have to pay out of pocket is $1,000 per year.’’ Brian Norgaard: ‘‘I am a small busi-ness owner and leadership trainer who Obamacare has helped tremendously.’’ Brian Norgaard, a Dallas, Texas resi-dent, called my office to express his op-position to Trumpcare and to offer share how the Affordable Care Act has helped small business owners like him-self: ‘‘I am a small business owner and leadership trainer who Obamacare has helped tremendously. ‘‘My wife and I both own small busi-nesses in the Dallas, Texas area and as a result of the huge savings we received after paying lower [healthcare] pre-miums under Obamacare, we were able to reinvest those saving into both of our businesses and the community. ‘‘And the healthcare we received was quality, at that.’’ Ashley Walton: ‘‘For cancer sur-vivors, we literally live and die by in-surance’’ Ashley Walton was 25 when a mole on her back turned out to be melanoma. She had it removed, but three years later she discovered a lump in her ab-domen. She was then unemployed and unin-sured, and so she put off going to a doc-tor. She tried to buy health insurance. Every company rejected her. Ashley eventually became eligible for California’s Medicaid program, which had been expanded under the Afford-able Care Act. The 32-year-old Oakland resident credits her survival to the ACA. Without it, ‘‘I would likely be dead, and my family would likely be bank-rupt from trying to save me.’’ Before any of our Republican col-leagues supporting this bill cast their vote, I urge them to reflect on the tes-timony of Joan, Brian, and Ashley, and to on this question posed by a con-stituent to Sen. C
OTTON of Arkansas at a recent town hall: ‘‘I’ve got a husband dying and we can’t afford—let me tell you some-thing. ‘‘If you can get us better coverage than this [Obamacare], go for it. ‘‘Let me tell you what we have, plus a lot of benefits that we need. ‘‘We have $29 per month for my hus-band. Can you beat that? Can you? With all the congestive heart fail-ures, and open heart surgeries, we’re trying. $29 per month. And he’s a hard worker. $39 for me.’’ I urge all Members to reject Trumpcare, one of the most mon-strously cruel and morally bankrupt legislative proposals ever to be consid-ered in this chamber. To paraphrase a famous former re-ality television personality, ‘‘believe me, Trumpcare is a disaster.’’ We should reject it and keep instead ‘‘something terrific’’ and that is the Affordable Care Act, regarded lovingly by millions of Americans as ‘‘Obamacare.’’ MARCH 24, 2017. Re Changes to the Affordable Healthcare Act. T
HEPRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF  A
MERICA , The White House, Washington, DC. G
REETINGS MR. PRESIDENT : Today is a very crucial and important day for the residents of the City of Houston’s District D, where I serve as the elected City Council Member, which also falls under Congressional Dis-tricts 18 and 7. As a local elected official whose mother is on a fixed income, this will not only impact her but many other senior citizens who I represent. In the news, we see how the Affordable Healthcare Act is proposed to be changed. Under the new revisions to the healthcare bill, which is called The American Health Care Act, about $337 Billion will be cut from the current plan over a 10 year period caus-ing 24 million Americans, including Demo-crats, Republicans, Independents, poor and the middle class, to lose their healthcare. This proposed health care bill is receiving criticism from the health care providers, some conservatives and a united Democratic Party. The Congressional Budget Office even showed how this current proposed plan will negatively impact everyone. What is most concerning to me in regards to this program is the impact that it will have on our senior citizens. 52% of my District is made up of Senior Citizens who are on fixed incomes. These senior’s will have to pay more for their health care under this proposed American Health Care Act. In no way is this accept-able. I am an advocate for my seniors and I refuse to quietly sit back while this is being considered. I have encouraged everyone to reach out to their Members of Congress to let them know that this isn’t something that we stand for and to work on their behalf to vote this item down today. Sincerely, D
WIGHT BOYKINS , Houston City Counsel, District D. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ), who is also a member of the Budget Committee. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would encourage my colleagues to vote for the bill. The reason I ask you to vote for the bill is kind of like the re-verse: What is going to happen if this bill fails? If this bill fails, you won’t be able to have the huge increase in funding in HSAs, a free-market, patient-centered tax provision which is going to help many people and particularly allow flexibility for older married couples. If this bill doesn’t pass, we are going to continue to levy fines on young peo-ple who don’t want health insurance, as so many people have not had when they are young. We will continue to levy fines on small business that can’t afford health insurance. If this bill fails to pass, we are not going to allow States to put work re-quirements on Medicaid. Quite frankly, Medicaid, in many ways, is a more gen-erous policy than the one that people who do work are able to afford through their insurers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.030 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2414 March 24, 2017 
If this bill doesn’t pass, we won’t be able to stop the bleeding on Medicaid funding. We are approaching a $20 tril-lion debt. Of course, the bulk of that spiraling debt is caused by mandatory spending, of which Medicaid is one of the worst parts. Finally, for the first time in years, we are passing a law that will make a significant dent in that mandatory spending. If this bill isn’t passed, we prevent putting a provision in here requiring documentation of citizenship for Med-icaid. Right now, we are becoming the healthcare provider for the world. We cannot afford to become the healthcare provider of the world. Under this bill, we are providing funds, seed money for high-risk pools for States, which will hold down insur-ance costs, which is the underlying problem we have here. If this bill doesn’t pass, we continue to fund abortion providers. I think this is the best bill in decades for those of us who wish we would stop funding these organizations. We are providing assistance for peo-ple who can’t get insurance through their employer. It is high time the Tax Code provided equality for people who get insurance from their employer and those who don’t. Finally, if we don’t pass this bill, we don’t end ObamaCare. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. GROTHMAN. Already a third of the counties only have one provider. If we don’t pass this bill now, we are going to go into the next year and we are going find a lot of people who think they have ObamaCare but have nothing because there will be no providers left. We have got to step in to save those people and provide insurance in those counties in which ObamaCare will leave no insurance companies remain-ing. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 44,600 people from his congressional district in Wis-consin losing health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY ), a distinguished member of the Budget Committee and the Energy and Commerce Committee. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely ask my Republican col-leagues: Did you really come here to take health care away from 24 million people? Over 40,000 people in my district will lose their coverage. Did you come to Congress to make insurance more expensive for my con-stituent, Mary, who has a preexisting condition and now pays half of what she used to pay for insurance because of the tax credits she got from ObamaCare? Did you come to Congress to impose a crippling age tax on Americans 50 to 60 years old? Your bill would increase their pre-miums an average of $8,000 a year. Ac-cording to the Congressional Budget Office, within 10 years, nearly 30 per-cent of those 50-to 64-year-olds would be without any insurance. Did you really come to Congress to take nursing home and home care away from the elderly and the disabled? Did you get elected in order to take health care from mothers? Your bill would kick them off of Medicaid if they don’t find a job 60 days after they give birth. We have heard over and over that pa-tients need choices and should be em-powered to choose the care that they want. But, apparently, that doesn’t apply to women. The bill would block millions of women from choosing Planned Parenthood, a trusted healthcare provider to 2.5 million pa-tients every year. The American people are not clam-oring for you to repeal ObamaCare. Only 17 percent of Americans say that you should vote to repeal ObamaCare. The average American overwhelmingly wants you to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ), who is a physician. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, Kan-sas voters sent me to fix health care. Doing nothing is not an option. I can-not sit here idly while the ACA de-stroys and bankrupts America’s healthcare system. This bill eliminates nearly a trillion dollars of taxes. This bill eliminates funding for Planned Parenthood. This bill will save many hospitals in Kansas from closing by increasing funding for Medicare patients. This bill allots $100 billion for high-risk pools. This bill specifies another $15 billion specifically for maternity coverage, which is near and dear to my heart; newborn care; mental health care; and substance abuse disorders. Mr. Speaker, this is the best bill that we can get through this process. I am excited to be part of it. This is the first chapter of a new book, with many more chapters to come. We will fix health care. Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 50,000 people from his congressional district in Kan-sas losing health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 min-utes. Mr. Speaker, in concluding the pres-entation from the Budget Committee, I just have to say that the bill we are considering today is a mess. It is not a healthcare bill at all. This bill is driven by a desire to cut taxes for the wealthiest Americans and many wealthy corporations by nearly $1 trillion in all. It is paid for by mak-ing health care unaffordable for mil-lions of people. This is irresponsible. It is not what the American people want, it is not what they deserve, and it is certainly not what they can afford. We are not the only ones opposing this legislation. It is opposed by an amazing array of American organiza-tions and individuals, including the American Medical Association, the American Hospital Association, the American Nurses Association, the Na-tional Rural Health Association, AARP, the National Disability Rights Network, the American Diabetes Asso-ciation, American Cancer Society, and Easterseals, virtually every healthcare and consumer advocacy group, Gov-ernors from both sides of the aisle, and a growing list of our Republican col-leagues. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Budget Committee staff for the incredible job they have done throughout this proc-ess. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, control the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to remind my fellow colleagues that, currently, when we look at the access to care for peo-ple, one-third of our counties only have one provider; two-thirds of our coun-ties only have two providers. In my State of Tennessee, there are 14 coun-ties where they will have no insurance provider on the marketplace. So when we talk about people losing their insur-ance, they are losing their insurance by not having access to even purchase the insurance. One of my former colleagues, the gentleman from Minnesota, asked: What are my colleagues on the other side of the aisle trying to preserve? I want to point to this chart here to ask that question, because these are the broken promises of ObamaCare. Why are you trying to preserve some-thing where they say premiums will de-crease by $2,500, and we see the average family premiums have soared by $4,300, making insurance unaffordable for many families? Another broken promise: the cost of health care will go down. We see some deductibles that have gone up as much as 60 percent. In my own State, they have gone up by 63 per-cent, making coverage unaffordable. You can keep your doctor—70 percent of the plans consist of narrow net-works, which means they cannot keep their doctor. I cannot tell you the number of people who have called me because their doctor was not on their inept plan. Finally, ‘‘middle class Americans won’t see a tax increase.’’ This was a promise by former President Obama. ObamaCare penalties were put in place, so people are receiving a tax penalty. These are the broken promises that the other side of the aisle wants to con-tinue to protect. As opposed to that, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.047 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2415 March 24, 2017 
want a system that is going to be open with patient care and give affordability so people can get the services that they want with a cost that they can afford. I also thank the Budget Committee for the work that they have done, and all the staff that have worked endless hours to make it possible for this to be here on the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN), and I ask unanimous consent that he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. After 7 years, we have heard the sto-ries of our constituents, patients, friends, and family who have suffered under ObamaCare. We have heard from those who have benefited in some re-spects. I think of the struggles of constitu-ents like Indra from Bend, Oregon. She lost her private insurance and her pre-ferred doctor. When she went to look for a new plan under ObamaCare, she found the plans were too expensive, and she went without insurance for almost 2 years. See, her story should not be lost in this debate either. b1230 Then there is April. Last fall, she found out her insurer would not be of-fering her plan this year. The most comparable plan available would raise her monthly premium by $564 per month, bringing her total monthly pre-mium to $1,503. You see, there is a whole other group of Americans out there who are suf-fering these effects of ObamaCare. The American Health Care Act represents a better way for patients like Indra and April all across our country. Our plan will rescue and revitalize the market and lower costs and increase flexibility for patients to choose. They will have more choices for health care and keep a health insurance plan that works for them and for their family. This legislation creates the Patient and State Stability Fund. Now, this is an innovative approach to give States the financing and flexibility to repair the damage done to the insurance mar-kets by ObamaCare and meet the unique needs of their citizens. More importantly, we provide an additional $15 billion, Mr. Speaker, to States de-voted for maternity coverage. We heard from people who said we need to do more in this area: newborn care, men-tal health, and substance disorders. We are also taking action to strengthen Medicaid. We want to put Medicaid on a sustainable path so it can better care for those it was in-tended to serve, a path through this per capita program for States that, frank-ly, was at one time embraced by Demo-crats, including President Clinton. The most vulnerable in our commu-nities need this help. It represents the most substantive reform to the Med-icaid program since its creation and will restore power to our States and local communities and governments where they can make better decisions than a one-size-fits-all here in Wash-ington. We want to give our States more control in how they manage these people that they are closest to. In closing, I want to thank our col-leagues and the President of the United States and the Vice President and Sec-retary Price. They have worked day in and day out, tirelessly, without hesi-tation, to help get to the best policy possible here and to work and listen to our colleagues, as we have all done, to craft the best bill we can, given the constraints under which we must oper-ate. The end result highlights the diverse ideas of our Conference that come from the American people and the deter-mination that we share to save this market and make it work again. Remember, we are talking about a narrow slice of the insurance market, that driven by ObamaCare, that, last year, there were 225 counties in Amer-ica where, if you were looking for in-surance on that exchange, you had one option. This year, it is 1,022 counties. That is one out of every three in Amer-ica. And that was before Humana pulled out and other companies said this market is about gone. We need to fix this market. That is what this legislation seeks to do. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our ter-rific staff that has worked day and night to get us to this point. We know there is a lot more work to do. This should not be taken in isolation as the only healthcare reform on our list. We are going to go after the cost drivers. We are going to go after prescription costs. We are going to go after hospital costs. Wherever it is in the health system, if you have nothing to hide, you won’t have to fear our investigations. But we are going to get costs down. We are going to get costs down. The American Health Care Act is just the first step in our mission to rescue the American people from the failures of the underlying law. We know they are there. We are going to fix this. We are committed to it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague, my chairman, G
REG WALDEN , that his vote for this bill will result in 64,300 people from his congressional district in Oregon losing health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, President Trump and congressional Republicans are not lev-eling with the American people when they say no one will be worse off under this repeal bill. TrumpCare dismantles the health and economic security that millions of hardworking Americans have gained over the last 7 years, and it should be defeated. There is a reason this bill was hatched up in the back rooms only to be finalized last night, and that is be-cause congressional Republicans did not want the American people to see what was in it. TrumpCare provides less coverage, fewer protections, and higher costs. TrumpCare is Robin Hood in reverse, taking benefits and financial assist-ance from hardworking, middle class Americans and our most vulnerable in order to give tax breaks to the wealthi-est and the corporations. TrumpCare cuts a combined $1 tril-lion from Medicare and Medicaid. These cuts are devastating, Mr. Speak-er. TrumpCare will ration care for the 76 million Americans who rely on Med-icaid, including seniors with long-term care needs, Americans with disabil-ities, pregnant women, and vulnerable children. I fear for seniors, Mr. Speaker, those in nursing homes. When States get less money, what will they do? They will give less money to nursing homes. We will go back to the days that I remem-ber in New Jersey when nursing homes were terrible places, where there weren’t enough nurses, where there were fires because of lack of mainte-nance of the nursing home. Working families are going to pay more for less. They will see their pre-miums and deductibles skyrocket. My GOP colleagues talk about high deductibles and copays. Well, you ain’t seen nothing yet. You are going to see that this repeal repeals the limits on deductibles and copays that exist under the current law. Out-of-pocket costs are going to go through the roof. The deductibles will go even higher. The copays will go even higher. The out-of-pocket costs will go even higher. And the bottom line is Americans be-tween the ages of 50 and 64 will pay an age tax and be forced to pay premiums five times higher than what younger people pay for their coverage. I have heard my colleagues on the other side say, well, that is only fair. Well, I don’t think it is fair that sen-iors should have to pay a lot more, that those between 50 and 64 should have to pay a lot more. Also, TrumpCare leaves the sickest and vulnerable Americans at the mercy of insurance companies, allowing them to charge a 30 percent penalty or sick tax to those who are unable to main-tain continuous coverage. So if you fail to pay your insurance for a month and then you want to get it again, even if you have a preexisting condition, which is often the case, you are going to pay a 30 percent penalty, or sick tax. I don’t think that is very fair. Last night, in order to garner votes from the extreme right in their party, House Republicans added a provision that eliminates protections for essen-tial health benefits. Now, maybe people don’t understand that, but let me ex-plain it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.048 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2416 March 24, 2017 
The ACA ensured that, when a con-sumer purchased health insurance on the individual market or gained cov-erage through Medicaid expansion, their plan would cover 10 critical, es-sential benefits. TrumpCare eliminates this guar-antee, meaning that unscrupulous in-surance companies can sell skeletal plans, junk insurance, without benefits for hospitalization, maternity care, mental health, drug treatment serv-ices, and Americans won’t even know what they are getting. They won’t real-ize that they have worthless insurance until they get sick and it is too late. The bottom line is this bill should be defeated for so many reasons because so many more people will not have health insurance, because their costs are going to go up, and because they won’t even know what insurance they are buying. We are going go to back to the old days of the Wild West when in-surance companies could sell whatever junk insurance they want and the pub-lic won’t even know what they are get-ting. It is a disaster for the American people. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 20 seconds. The irony of that argument is it was just a year or so ago that every Mem-ber of this House who was here at the time and the Senate, by a unanimous vote, agreed to waive the essential ben-efits he just listed off for the employ-ment market between 51 and 100—and, by the way, those essential benefits don’t apply to the large group mar-ket—so this has already been done. I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ), the vice chairman of the full committee. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I sup-ported this bill when it came out of the Energy and Commerce Committee 2 or 3 weeks ago, and I want to thank Chairman W
ALDEN for his excellent leadership. As he knows, I had some concerns about the bill at the time. I didn’t think it addressed all the problems that we needed to address. At the start of this week, I was a ‘‘no’’ vote—a friendly ‘‘no’’ vote, but I was a ‘‘no’’ vote. Our Republican lead-ership in the House and the President and his senior advisers continued to in-volve themselves in constructive dis-cussions with people like myself. Yes-terday they agreed to put back in the repeal of the essential health benefits provision, and that is a big win for con-servative values, so I am now a ‘‘yes’’ vote. My friends on the left seem to think the only way to get a benefit is to have the Federal Government mandate it and then have the Federal Government pay for it. I am here to tell you, Mr. Speaker, that markets work. If we cre-ate a healthcare market where people can choose their insurance that fits their needs, there will be plans that provide for every so-called essential health benefit. But there will also be plans that provide for specific markets of young people without children or el-derly couples or whatever it is. Mr. Speaker, markets work, and you don’t have to mandate benefits for those markets to work. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, we al-ways want to score a touchdown. Sometimes we take a field goal. What we don’t want to do today is take a safety. Vote for this bill. Let’s send it to the other body and continue to work to im-prove it. It is a good bill. Please vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague that, in Mr. BAR-
TON’s case, his vote for this bill will re-sult in 64,900 people from his congres-sional district in Texas losing health coverage and care. I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ). Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, the American people are very smart. They listen up. They kind of knit their eyebrows together. They listen to the debate. They want the facts, and then they make up their mind. What our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have brought forward today is a disaster for the American people, and the American people know it. You have 17 percent of the American people that are for your plan, and the reason why? They know there are going to be higher costs. Families are going to have to pay more and get less—pay more for their premiums, more for their deductibles, and more in their out-of-pocket costs. You are taking health care away from 24 million Americans. That is more than the entire population of Australia. Who comes to Congress to hurt people? The promise of the Affordable Care Act was no one—no one ever again— will be able to take away your insur-ance the way the insurance companies did 7-plus years ago. Now it is only the Republican Party that can take away Americans’ insurance. There isn’t one developed country in the world that has your plan. It is a combination of all kinds of things to get votes. What free markets? What are you talking about? There is hypocrisy here because you all have the Affordable Care Act insurance. Every single Mem-ber of Congress does. So I guess it is good enough for you but it is not good enough for your constituents. This is a matter of life and death. You are playing with people’s lives. It is a profound issue. This doesn’t de-serve one vote in the House of Rep-resentatives. Vote it down. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind all Members to di-rect their remarks to the Chair. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds before I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. I would just suggest that the Amer-ican people are very smart. Unfortu-nately, under ObamaCare, 19.2 million Americans said: I am not going to buy ObamaCare. I am going to pay a pen-alty to the IRS instead. You see, we are trying to fix it so they will want to buy it. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ). Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, you know, there is an old Upton family quote that my grandfather would always say: Was you always perfect? No, none of us are. And you know what? This is not a perfect bill. That is for sure. But ObamaCare is broken. One out of three counties has only one provider, and it looks like it is going to get worse as other major insurance companies are on the verge of pulling the plug. Nearly two dozen of the nonprofit CO-OPS have already gone belly up. In my home State, folks saw their pre-miums increase by nearly 17 percent. Some States have had premium in-creases of more than 100 percent. Most had double-digit increases, many over 20 percent, and some forecast 40 to 50 percent increases come fall if nothing happens. The calls on both sides of the aisle have often used the R word—on this side, ‘‘replace’’; on your side, the Democratic side, ‘‘repair.’’ Let’s both agree. The status quo is not acceptable. But this, this bill, is the only train leaving the station. Is it going to im-prove if it gets to the Senate? Of course it will. We should all work for that goal. For me, I worked with Medicaid ex-pansion States like Michigan providing a reasonable transition until 2020 and then grandfathering all those folks until they are off. Some of my col-leagues called to end Medicaid expan-sion even this year. They want total repeal. b1245 What would total repeal mean? Total repeal would mean taking away the ability of HHS to provide flexibility to the States to administer this critical program. It would mean taking away insurance for young kids on their par-ents’ policies. It would reinstall a cap on insurance. And, yes, it would allow insurance companies to discriminate against those with preexisting ill-nesses. This bill still allows all of those im-portant protections to stay in place. A number of us will continue to work with HHS to provide even more flexi-bility to States like Michigan. This has to be a key component of moving for-ward. At the end of the day, I would like to think that we could work together on a bipartisan basis. High premiums and a lack of access impact us all. Let’s work together. You can’t get to second base unless you get to first. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.050 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2417 March 24, 2017 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague from Michigan that his vote for this bill will result in 43,500 people from his congressional district in Michigan losing health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, when peo-ple look at these bills, they want to know what they are going to pay. What this bill does is simple—you pay more and you get less. That is the bottom line—pay more and get less. The President promised better health care for more people at a lesser cost. But my Republican colleagues can no longer claim with any credibility that their plan achieves these goals. Twenty-four million people will lose coverage. People 50 to 64 will be hit with an age tax and pay premiums five times higher than everybody else. Deductibles will go up. And protections that make sure insurance companies offer minimum value will be thrown out. Again, the Republican bill, TrumpCare—pay more, get less—but it gives billionaires a tax break. That is really important; isn’t it? With the Af-fordable Care Act, we set out to give Americans more affordable, higher quality health care. Is the law perfect? No. We should be working together to tweak the law. We should be working together to improve the law, not putting in a clunker like this bill, which will roll back the time on people’s coverage. Roll back the time, give people less coverage, and let them pay more. That is not what the American people want. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. H
ARPER ), the chairman of the House Administration Committee, and a valuable member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, ObamaCare has failed. Contrary to what was promised, premiums have gone up and there are fewer health in-surance options. This bill addresses a crisis that before now had no end in sight. Not only does this bill work to solve the problems we see in the private in-surance market, it addresses one of our Nation’s most vital programs—Med-icaid. This program is a critical lifeline for hundreds of thousands of Mississip-pians. Medicaid is a safety net program that was designed for children, the elderly, pregnant mothers, and the disabled. This bill will refocus attention back on the program’s initial goals, but will modernize it to better serve these pa-tients. We should move decisionmaking au-thority down to those who are best po-sitioned to address these problems. A program run primarily by the States with assistance from the Federal Gov-ernment will best be able to help those who need it most. By giving States more tools to ad-dress costs, this bill will allow States to explore ways to make accepting Medicaid more attractive to providers, leading to better health outcomes. Without addressing the current prob-lems facing the Medicaid program, it will not survive. This bill puts Med-icaid on a path to sustainability. An insolvent safety net will harm those it intends to help. This is our moment. We have a his-toric opportunity to enact the biggest entitlement reform in our lifetime. We have a chance to save Medicaid. I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague from Mississippi that his vote for this bill will result in 69,600 people from his congressional district losing health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENE G
REEN ), the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this is outrageous. TrumpCare will rip health insurance from 24 million Americans, almost as many people who live in the State of Texas. TrumpCare is a direct assault on the President’s promise to the American people. It will saddle families across the country with massive health costs. It will lead to higher premiums, less benefits, and more people uninsured. Under this bill, premiums increase 15 to 20 percent in each of the next 2 years. It will particularly be terrible for the near-elderly Americans because TrumpCare allows insurance compa-nies to charge them five times higher than what others would pay for cov-erage. It destroys protections for Americans with preexisting conditions. It guts the essential benefits so con-sumers won’t know what coverage they have. Plans would not have to cover things like emergency care, hos-pitalization, or even prescription drugs. What do you do when you leave peo-ple with that? Junk plans that are in-surance in name only. What is the point of having insurance if it doesn’t cover anything? For those who aren’t one of the 24 million who lose insurance, many will be left with plans that are more expen-sive but don’t have to cover things like prescription drugs or mental health and substance abuse. This bill will make it harder for peo-ple to get treatment. It will destroy the Medicaid program, the bedrock of our social safety net that insures 74 million Americans, including children, pregnant women, and one in seven sen-iors on Medicare. TrumpCare harms Medicare. It will make the program insolvent 3 years earlier, directly causes part B pre-miums to go up $8.7 billion, and takes away funds that seniors depend on for long-term care. It is impossible to overstate how terrible TrumpCare will be for the American people. This is a dangerous bill. It is opposed by physician groups and hospital asso-ciations. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ), the former head of the Medicaid task force. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, about 7 years ago, I was on the floor talking on the Affordable Care Act. And I remem-ber talking about, I had just left the State Senate, and bringing up that my colleagues are in Frankfort and they are doing work on the budget; and, in the future, it is going to make it more difficult for them to pass budgets be-cause of the expansion in Medicaid, and that is coming to pass. It will be in the next budget session they have to deal with moving forward, if we don’t ad-dress this situation. So people keep talking about a rush process. Over a year ago, we put to-gether a Medicaid task force, met with groups of people, met with Governors, we took a lot of information, and put together a plan that addresses the needs of Medicaid. Medicaid is growing. It will be over a $1 trillion program within 10 years if we don’t deal with it. It is going to implode. So we actually worked to put it on a sustainable budg-et. It is growing. People talk about cuts to Medicaid. Only in Washington, D.C., is slowing the growth of a pro-gram looked at as a cut. So we have worked hard to move that forward. The other thing I want to talk about is, last year, small businesses were going to be hit by the minimum essen-tial benefits. Small businesses were saying: We like our plans, and we want to keep it. We are going to have our prices go up, and we are not going to be able to afford to provide coverage. So we all came together, bipartisan, to address that to exempt the small- business plans for those programs. It passed by voice vote in the House, unanimous consent in the Senate, and signed by then-President Obama. So the question is, if small businesses can design and keep their own plans, I think individuals can, too. I agree with my friend from Cali-fornia that the American people are smart. I disagree with my other col-league who says: They will buy things, and they won’t even know what is in it. They are smart, and I urge support for this bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my friend from Kentucky that his vote for this bill will result in 44,000 people from his congressional district losing health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. D
EGETTE ). Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, Presi-dent Trump promised his healthcare plan would be ‘‘much better health care at a much lower cost.’’ Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price even promised ‘‘nobody will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.052 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2418 March 24, 2017 
worse off financially.’’ In reality, of course, the TrumpCare bill will leave just about everybody worse off, with less care at a higher cost. This bad bill would rip health insur-ance money away from millions of peo-ple—24 million over 10 years, and 14 million next year alone. Americans who are lucky enough to hold on to coverage if this bill becomes law will pay more for it in premiums, deductibles, and other out-of-pocket costs, especially people age 50 and up. Mr. Speaker, the deals that were cut last night to win more Republican votes for TrumpCare would be even more devastating. Trips to the emer-gency room, mental health and sub-stance abuse treatment, maternity care both before and after birth, pre-scription drugs, lab tests, and more es-sential services could be cut. Apparently, some people don’t think these services deserve guaranteed health insurance. They would let insur-ers sell skimpy plans that don’t even cover patients’ basic needs. Democrats believe we can, and should, work together to improve the ACA, not to work on a misguided bill that would gut it. We owe this to folks like Amanda Miller of Denver. Amanda changed jobs last year. During her period of unem-ployment, she and her husband decided the smart thing to do was to get cov-erage to fill the gap. Thank God they did. Shortly after that, she and her hus-band got into a serious car accident. Amanda walked away unscathed, but her husband was badly injured. She could see more of his skull than she could see of his scalp. Luckily, there were some nurses in a car behind them, and they stabilized him and took him to the emergency room. Their hospital bill of $16,000 was paid in full, thanks to Amanda’s coverage through the ACA. What do we say to Amanda? Can we guarantee her better insurance and a better financial situa-tion? I don’t think so. Let’s defeat this bill, and let’s start working towards a good one that will cover everybody. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from In-diana (Mr. B
UCSHON ). Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, when ObamaCare was debated 7 years ago, I wrote my Member of Congress to urge him to vote against what I saw as a government takeover of our healthcare system. At that time, I was a practicing phy-sician, and I could foresee the disas-trous consequences of this law and what it would do to patients across this country, including my own. And I wasn’t alone. Citizens from every corner of Amer-ica stood up and demanded that Con-gress reject the ObamaCare bill, but we were ignored. Since then, out-of-pocket costs for families have skyrocketed, patient-choice has evaporated, and ObamaCare has inched closer to the brink of collapse. In that time, those same Americans who fought against passage of ObamaCare have delivered Republicans majorities in the House, in the Senate, and put a Republican in the White House. They did so, in part, based on our promises to repeal and replace ObamaCare. And here we stand, 7 years after ObamaCare passed, with the oppor-tunity to finally deliver on that prom-ise, and to bring relief to patients across this country who haven’t been able to find the care they were prom-ised at a cost they can afford. It is an opportunity for us to fulfill our promise to our constituents. Let’s be clear: a vote against this bill today is a vote for preservation of the ObamaCare disaster, a vote to keep critical healthcare decisions in the hands of bureaucrats in Washington, D.C., and a vote against the largest en-titlement reform in a generation. I urge all of my colleagues to do the right thing and vote for this bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague from Indiana that his vote for this bill will result in 37,800 people from his congressional district losing health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MI-
CHAEL F. D OYLE ). Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, for the last 7
1⁄2 years, Republicans have promised Americans something better than the ACA. Instead, today, they are giving us something much worse. Twenty-four million people lose their insurance? Stripping away guaranteed benefits? Putting maternity, mental health, and pediatric care at risk? Shame on you. Pitting the elderly against children, the disabled, and the mentally ill in the Medicaid program? Placing a tax penalty on veterans? Charging a crush-ing age tax on 50- to 64-year-olds, forc-ing them to pay five times more than what others pay? Shame on you. This isn’t a healthcare bill. This is a tax cut bill masquerading as a healthcare bill. This bill does nothing to lower premiums, copays, or deductibles. You cut taxes by almost $1 trillion for corporations and the rich, while ransacking Medicaid and the Medicare trust fund. That is shameful. Americans will not forget who did this to them today. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ), a real leader on the Energy and Commerce Committee. b1300 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, we have heard numerous comments from the left extolling the virtues of ObamaCare, and I think it is instruc-tive to hear the words of a former Democratic President that is beloved by the left. Here is what he said less than 6 months ago: ‘‘So you’ve got this crazy system where all of a sudden 25 million more people have health care and then the people who are out there busting it, sometimes 60 hours a week, wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in half. It’s the craziest thing in the world.’’ Mr. Speaker, hardworking American families in my district, they don’t want crazy. They want the American Health Care Act, a sane plan that gives them their freedom back. In a few minutes, Mr. Speaker, you are going to hear somebody from the other side say that a bunch of my con-stituents are going to lose coverage. That is absolutely false. Those con-stituents are getting their freedom back to choose whether or not they want healthcare coverage and what kind of healthcare coverage they want. I say vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague from Texas that his vote for this bill will result in 61,900 people from his congressional district losing health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ). Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, over the last few days, 110 organiza-tions have written to me in opposition to TrumpCare. You know who they are: AARP, American Hospital Association, American Heart Association, American Medical Association, American Acad-emy of Physicians, American Academy of Pediatrics, American Psychiatric Association, National Association of School Nurses, Alliance for Retired Americans, American Federation of Teachers, National Association of School Psychologists, National School Boards Association, National Edu-cation Association, the Children’s De-fense Fund, March of Dimes, the Na-tional Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare, the American College of Physicians North Carolina Chapter, North Carolina Society of Ad-diction Medicine, Consumers Union, United Steelworkers, AFL–CIO, Fami-lies USA, Center for American Progress, National Association of Pedi-atric Nurse Practitioners, and the list goes on and on. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a list of entities opposing TrumpCare. 
1. AARP 2. American Hospital Association 3. American Heart Association 4. American Medical Association 5. American Academy of Physicians 6. American Academy of Pediatrics 7. American Psychiatric Association 8. National Association of School Nurses 9. Alliance for Retired Americans 10. American Federation of Teachers 11. National Association of School Psy-chologists 12. National School Boards Association 13. National Education Association 14. Children’s Defense Fund 15. March of Dimes 16. National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare 17. American College of Physicians North Carolina Chapter 18. North Carolina Society of Addiction Medicine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.053 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2419 March 24, 2017 
19. North Carolina AIDS Action Network 20. Consumers Union 21. SEIU 22. United Steelworkers 23. AFL–CIO 24. Families USA 25. Center for American Progress 26. Southern HIV/AIDS Strategy Initiative 27. National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners 28. Children’s Hospital Association 29. National Rural Health Association 30. American Lung Association 31. ACLU 32. National Urban League 33. Black Women’s Health Imperative 34. Communications Workers of America 35. International Brotherhood of Teamsters 36. National Rural Education Association 37. National Association of Social Workers 38. National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners 39. Lutheran Services in America 40. NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice 41. Children’s Dental Health Project 42. Family Voices 43. First Focus Campign for Children 44. American Psychological Association 45. National Council for Behavioral Health 46. National Hemophilia Foundation 47. American Congress of Obstetriticians and Gynecologists 48. American Sexual Health Association 49. Big Cities Health Coalition 50. National Women’s Law Center 51. Human Rights Campaign 52. Partnership for America’s Children 53. Friends Committee on National Legis-lation 54. National Partnership for Women & Families 55. Planned Parenthood Action Fund 56. National Center for Learning Disabil-ities 57. Save Medicaid in Schools Coalition 58. HIV Medicine Association 59. Drug Policy Alliance 60. League of Conservation Voters 61. Natural Resources Defense Council 62. Green Latinos 63. Green For All 64. Safe Climate Campaign 65. Climate Reality Project 66. Center for Reproductive Rights 67. Interfaith Disability Advocacy Collabo-rative 68. International Federation of Profes-sional and Technical Engineers 69. Trust for America’s Health 70. AIDS United 71. AFSCME 72. Cystic Fibrosis Foundation 73. AASA, The School Superintendents As-sociation 74. Accelify 75. American Foundation for the Blind 76. Association of Assistive Technology Act 77. Programs Association of Educational Service Agencies 78. Association of School Business Officials International 79. Association of University Centers on Disabilities 80. Autistic Self Advocacy Network 81. Center for American Progress Center for Public Representation 82. Clearinghouse on Women’s Issues 83. Colorado School Medicaid Consortium 84. Conference of Educational Administra-tors of Schools and Programs for the Deaf 85. Council for Exceptional Children 86. Council of Administrators of Special Education 87. Disability Rights Education & Defense Fund 88. Division for Early Childhood of the Council for Exceptional Children (DEC) 89. Health and Education Alliance of Lou-isiana 90. Healthy Schools Campaign 91. Higher Education Consortium for Spe-cial Education 92. Judge David L. Bazelon Center for Men-tal Health Law 93. LEAnet, a national coalition of local education agencies 94. Learning Disabilities Association of America 95. Lutheran Services in America Dis-ability Network 96. Michigan Association of Intermediate School Administrators 97. Michigan Association of School Admin-istrators 98. National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners 99. National Association of State Directors of Special Education (NASDSE) 100. National Association of State Head In-jury Administrators 101. National Black Justice Coalition 102. National Center for Learning Disabil-ities 103. National Disability Rights Network 104. National Down Syndrome Congress 105. National Health Law Program 106. National Respite Coalition 107. Paradigm Healthcare Services 108. School Social Work Association of America 109. School-Based Health Alliance 110. Society for Public Health Education 111. Teacher Education Division of the Council for Exceptional Children 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. What is it about this, Mr. Speaker, that you don’t un-derstand? You are wrong on this. Don’t let your base push you over the cliff on this bill. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ). Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I appreciate the passion I have heard from colleagues on both sides of the aisle and from Hoosiers on all sides of this issue. The issue of health care is personal for people, and it should be. But today, health care isn’t personal. Under ObamaCare, healthcare coverage has been a one-size-fits-all approach. I have heard from so many of my constituents in my more than 4 years in Congress about how ObamaCare has cost them and their families—lost doc-tors, higher premiums and deductibles, and a lack of options for coverage. As an example of just one of those Hoosiers, Lon told me his premiums and deductibles doubled last year when he lost his healthcare plan. He has had to change his insurance 3 times in 3 years. That is not how healthcare cov-erage should work. The American Health Care Act makes healthcare coverage more per-sonal for every American. This bill em-powers you, and every American, to choose the best health care for you and your family. It empowers our Gov-ernors and our State legislatures to meet the individual healthcare needs of their citizens, including the people struggling to make ends meet and the most vulnerable: the elderly, pregnant moms, kids, and people with disabil-ities. I applaud our Hoosier Governor Hol-comb, who wrote a letter to Congress with other Governors from around the country who support this bill, he, too, believes it is in the best interest of Hoosiers. I agree and I urge my col-leagues to join me in support of the American Health Care Act. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague from Indiana that her vote for this bill will result in 37,700 people from her congressional district losing health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CAS-
TOR), the vice ranking member of our committee. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, my neighbors back home in Florida work very hard for their health cov-erage. When they pay their hard-earned copayments and premiums, they expect something meaningful in return: real health care. That is what the Afford-able Care Act provided; not just a piece of paper, but real health services, an end to discrimination against pre-existing conditions, and all sorts of other consumer protections. But in the middle of the night last night, the Republicans turned back the clock. They have eliminated from the basic health insurance policy coverage for emergency room visits, hospitaliza-tion, prescription drugs, and more. They have really embraced the mon-iker of pay more for less. And on top of it, remember, this bill rips health in-surance away from millions of our neighbors back home. It raises costs on hardworking Americans, especially our older neighbors. It is practically an age tax, if you are over 50 years old. It breaks that fundamental guarantee that has existed for 50 years, that if your family is struck with an Alz-heimer’s diagnosis, a child with a com-plex condition, a handicap, that you are not going to live your remaining years in poverty, all the while, taking your tax dollars and shifting it to mil-lionaires and billionaires and corpora-tions. TrumpCare is a recipe for disaster. It is a fundamental violation of the val-ues we share as Americans, and it should meet its demise today. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
OLLINS ), a real leader on our committee. Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today is a historic day, make no mistake about it. The American Health Care Act changes the trajectory of health policy in this country. Here are just a few of the highlights: This bill eliminates the individual mandate penalty; eliminates the em-ployer mandate penalty; eliminates the ObamaCare subsidies in 2020; elimi-nates ObamaCare tax increases; elimi-nates insurance mandates so we can lower premiums; provides refundable tax credits for individuals and families who do not get their health insurance through their employer or the govern-ment, and allows them to choose the health care that works for them; al-most doubles the contribution limits 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.026 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2420 March 24, 2017 
for health savings accounts; provides $115 billion for the Patient and State Stability Fund to lower patient cost and stabilize the insurance market; and enacts the most significant re-forms to Medicaid in history, ensuring that Medicaid is sustainable and avail-able for the most vulnerable among us for generations to come. The American Health Care Act is a monumental step toward freedom, choice, and individual responsibility in health care. Mr. Speaker, I will proudly vote for this bill today, and I urge all of my col-leagues to do the same. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague from New York that his vote for this bill will result in 58,000 people from his congressional district losing healthcare coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. S
AR-
BANES ). Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, this is a terrible bill. It is a terrible bill. It is wrong for the country. Why would the President, why would the leadership on the Republican side here in Congress, why would they choose as the first order of business taking healthcare coverage away from 24 million Americans? It is wrongheaded. It is immoral. It is inhumane. It makes no sense. It is wrong for America. In the people’s House, we need to vote it down. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, for 7 years, I have heard story after story from people in my district about how the Affordable Care Act is anything but affordable. Families and small businesses are paying more for less, and insurers are dropping out of the marketplaces, leav-ing behind fewer options. Government- run health care isn’t working, and we are repealing and replacing ObamaCare like we promised our constituents we would do. The American Health Care Act is the first step of a three-step process to re-pair our broken healthcare system. This bill moves power away from Wash-ington and puts doctors and patients at the center of their healthcare deci-sions. It reforms and strengthens Med-icaid and gives States the flexibility to innovate and best meet the needs of their citizens. This patient-centered approach will bring costs down, increase choice and competition, and provide important protections for patients with pre-existing conditions. Mr. Speaker, these are the types of things we promised, and doing nothing is not an option. May I remind my col-league from the other side of the aisle: I have seen those numbers. My con-stituents will not simply walk away and do nothing just because the other side says that they will be uncovered. Now they will have a choice. Those thousands of people will not walk away. They will choose something bet-ter for them. There will be thousands of people that have insurance that cov-ers their needs, and not what, Mr. Speaker, my colleague says they will do. They are not that stupid. They won’t walk away. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague from Michigan that his vote for this bill will result in 39,500 people from his congressional district losing health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY ). Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, since the implementation of the ACA, over 3.9 million women age 18 to 64 have gained health coverage through Med-icaid. The ACA ended gender rating, meaning that the insurance companies cannot charge women more than they charge men for the same coverage. TrumpCare also eliminates Medicaid funding for Planned Parenthood, reduc-ing access to health care for women. Millions of women rely on Planned Parenthood for both routine and life-saving care, such as preventative serv-ices, family planning, and preventing unwanted pregnancies. When the GPO strips Planned Parenthood funding, health care of women will suffer. TrumpCare and its Medicare cuts also hurts seniors. Older Americans ac-count for over 60 percent of Medicare spending. Insurance companies will now be able to charge more based on their age, which will increase pre-miums by thousands. Mr. Speaker, watching Republicans sell this bill is like buying a used car from a guy with a crooked smile, even they don’t believe in it. I ask my Re-publican colleagues to withdraw this horrible bill and work with Democrats to improve the ACA instead of trying to sell this atrocity. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ), our resident pharmacist on the committee. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am joyous to be here today on such a historical day. You see, for the past 7 years, I have practiced in ObamaCare, I have practiced under ObamaCare, and I have practiced in that setting; and I can tell you that what it promised, it has not delivered on. There has not been increased accessi-bility, no. Instead of that, we have got five States in our country that only have one plan to offer. We have a third of the counties in our country that only have one plan to offer. We have 16 counties in Tennessee that don’t even have a plan, and now we are going to have the opportunity to have access. Now we are going to have choice. We have also been told about afford-ability. Well, let’s talk about afford-ability. We see what ObamaCare did. It increased premiums 25 percent this year alone; 50 percent in seven States. That is unsustainable. What is our plan going to do? It is going to give affordability. It is going to give competition. We are going to have choices. And what else? It is going to remove red tape. It is going to remove the barriers between healthcare professionals and patients. It is going to empower patients. That is what health care in America is about: people making healthcare deci-sions with their healthcare practi-tioners. That is what we are going to do. That is what this does. The two worst things that ObamaCare did to the healthcare sys-tem in America, first of all, is it took the free market out of America. It took the free market out of health care in America. It also expanded Medicaid, a safety net program that was intended for the aged, the blind, the disabled, children, and mothers, and extended it to able-bodied adults—something that it was never intended to do. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to hear-ing how many people in my district are going to be empowered now from the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague from Georgia that his vote for this bill will result in 62,800 people from his congressional district losing health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, those of us who support the Affordable Care Act know that the work of improving health care and making it more afford-able and accessible is never done. It matters. It really matters to the moth-ers and fathers we represent and to the children that they love. But this bill, stripping 24 million Americans of health care, a $1 trillion tax cut to the wealthiest among us, making people 50 to 64 pay five times as much as other Americans, obviously, is a giant step backwards. One of those Americans is Linda from Burlington. She left an abusive mar-riage, but had to leave her health care behind. The Affordable Care Act res-cued her, and she has gone on to revive her life and her future. b1315 Our community hospitals that do so much good in our communities have gone from red ink to black ink by the help that the Medicare expansion pro-vided. It is a sad day for this institution. We did all of this without hearing from a single patient, a single doctor, a sin-gle person. We had no hearings. Mr. Speaker, can we do better than that? Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX), the chair-woman of the Education and the Work-force Committee. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, sky-rocketing cost, diminished choices for patients, small businesses destroyed, fewer jobs, and lower wages, that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.056 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2421 March 24, 2017 
ObamaCare’s legacy. That is what Democrats imposed on our country. We believe the American people de-serve a better way, and that is what this legislation will deliver. The Amer-ican Health Care Act puts the Amer-ican people back in control of their health care. It restores choices, pro-tects the most vulnerable, encourages lower healthcare costs, empowers States, and frees families and small businesses from costly taxes and man-dates. Let’s keep our promise to provide a better way on health care by voting ‘‘yes’’ on the American Health Care Act. Mr. Speaker, I ask the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) to engage in a brief colloquy. Health sharing ministries play an in-creasingly important role in the lives of many Americans, particularly in the devastating wake of ObamaCare. In re-cent days, constituents have expressed concerns about the future of these healthcare plans, particularly as it re-lates to whether they would be consid-ered credible coverage under the bill’s continuous coverage provisions. Will Chairman W
ALDEN work with me, as the bill moves forward, to en-sure we address the concerns of those who benefit from health sharing min-istries? Mr. WALDEN. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. FOXX. I yield to the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I would be delighted to work with the gentle-woman from North Carolina. Health care sharing ministries are a vital part of our healthcare system. They are a shining example of how communities can come together with-out government mandates or dictates to provide innovative healthcare solu-tions. I look forward to working with Chairwoman F
OXX on these concerns that have been raised and will work with the Senate to get repeal and re-placement of ObamaCare to the Presi-dent’s desk. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague from North Caro-lina that her vote for this bill will re-sult in 80,600 people from her congres-sional district losing health coverage and care. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N). Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, my Republican colleagues have called TrumpCare everything from an act of mercy to a rescue mis-sion. Now, I might live at the end of a long dirt road, but I didn’t fall off the turnip truck yesterday and neither did the American people. Congressional Republicans are jam-ming their catastrophic bill that will take health insurance away from 24 million Americans, raise your pre-miums, raise your deductibles, raise your out-of-pocket costs, and will slap a crushing age tax on those over the age of 50. Republicans in Congress promised they would lower costs, but this mess raises costs on families. Not only does the CBO tell us premiums will increase 15 to 20 percent, but TrumpCare will allow insurance companies to increase deductibles and out-of-pocket costs. Under the guise of State flexibility, Republicans say they are shifting re-sponsibilities to States. Here is what that means: TrumpCare will force States to raise taxes and ration care. It will repeal the requirement for insur-ance plans to cover doctor visits, emer-gency room care, prescription drug coverage, and even mental health serv-ices. Everyone is entitled to their own opinions but not their own facts. The fact is TrumpCare will raise your pre-miums, raise your deductibles, and hurt millions of hardworking families. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. MURPHY ), our resident psychologist who does a remarkable job on mental health care issues and all of these healthcare issues. Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, in my district over the time span since the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare, was passed, I fielded many, many a call from persons who said they could not afford health care. In some of those instances, even though a person was able to afford the premium, they could not afford the deductible. A gentleman aged 55 and his wife said they would have to pay $27,000 out of pocket between premium deductibles and copays before they could use their first benefits. He was one of the 19.2 million Americans who chose to pay the fine rather than get on the Afford-able Care Act, ObamaCare. We suspect that many more will continue on with saying they would rather pay a fine or find a way out rather than continue to pay for it if this continues on as is. In the past, we have been battling many things under this with regard to mental health care. The past adminis-tration attempted to strip the pro-tected drug class status for lifesaving psychiatric medications. We fought back on that. We also worked together, however, in a bipartisan way to make sure we had assured things for mental health care. This bill has several provisions which are extremely important. It has $100 billion which States may use to help in their stabilization fund to fund mental health care. There is another $15 bil-lion focused on mental health care. There is $500 billion for substance abuse. Funding will be in there. My hope is that States make a deci-sion. It is in their hands with the pas-sage of this bill so they can make the right choice to continue mental health care, and I trust they will do that. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-mind my colleague from Pennsylvania that his vote for this bill will result in 37,100 people from his congressional district losing health coverage and care. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, a resound-ing ‘‘no’’ to TrumpCare, President Trump’s broken promise to our great America. There is no disputing the dev-astation this bill will cause for Amer-ica’s working families. TrumpCare will rip health insurance away from 24 million people. It will raise costs for consumers and lower standards of care, with premiums rising and deductibles increasing by an average of $1,500. TrumpCare will eliminate required mental health and addiction benefits, jeopardizing recovery for millions of Americans in the midst of this opioid epidemic. It imposes a crushing new age tax on seniors and those approaching retire-ment, amounting to tens of thousands of dollars. TrumpCare steals from Medicare, and it cuts Medicaid by $839 billion, merci-lessly putting children, the elderly, the disabled, and our most vulnerable at risk. It does all this to give a $1 trillion tax cut to millionaires, billionaires, and corporations. The American people overwhelm-ingly reject this bill. Defeat TrumpCare. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. C
LARKE ). Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposi-tion to this sham American Health Care Act. I am from Brooklyn, and in Brooklyn we know: Men lie; women lie; the num-bers don’t. Here are the numbers: This reckless and destructive bill leaves 24 million Americans without coverage. It will cause the uninsured rate for my district to skyrocket over 12 percent and leave over 400,000 Brooklynites without coverage. Because of age discrimination in this bill, the age tax, it will put our seniors in the terrible position of having to choose between eating, visiting their doctors, or purchasing medication. Which one do you, Mr. Speaker, sug-gest they choose? I also vehemently oppose the Empire State kickback language put in this bill as an attempt to get Republican votes. This language is a dressed up earmark that specifically targets New York City. It targets my home. This would further reduce Medicaid funds for New York by an additional $2 billion. The trade-off, raising city taxes to cover the gap. For most Americans, Medicaid benefits are not the end goal but rather [provides] tem-porary support, but for our seniors Medicaid can mean the difference between nursing home care, family home care and dying alone. I urge my colleagues to consider the harm-ful real life impact of this legislation and to op-pose it. Brooklyn Resists . . . America must resist. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.058 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2422 March 24, 2017 
Thank you and I yield the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia). The gentleman from New Jersey has 68 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Oregon has 65
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, what did the Chair say? The SPEAKER pro tempore. One hour and eight minutes remaining. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. L
OEBSACK ). Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, I am disheartened by what Congress is doing here today. My number one goal has always been to ensure Iowans have access to qual-ity, affordable care. This legislation does not do that. It implements an age tax, raising costs on older Americans. It cuts nearly $900 billion from the el-derly, nursing homes, and disabled children. This is unacceptable. Exactly those who need health coverage the most— middle class families, people with dis-abilities, and those who are less fortu-nate—are the ones who lose out in this Republican bill. I remain committed to working to improve healthcare coverage so it works better for Iowans and all Ameri-cans. We cannot go back to a time when Iowa families had to choose be-tween putting food on the table and getting medical care for their children. Unfortunately, that is just what this bill does. I urge my colleagues to vote this bill down. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, if I could get an indication in terms of the amount we are down on each side here? I think we were allocated a half an hour. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman referring to the time in which he is acting as the designee of the gentlewoman from Tennessee on behalf of the Committee on Energy and Commerce? Mr. WALDEN. Yes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oregon has 9
1⁄2minutes re-maining in the Energy and Commerce portion of this debate. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, and the minority side? Or is that what is re-maining split equal? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will suspend. The gentleman from Kentucky has not assigned designees on the basis of committee affiliation. The rule pro-vides for four total hours of debate. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, could we just ask the total because then maybe we can figure it out on the mi-nority side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has provided the total time re-maining for the minority. So that is the total time we are working back off of. The Chair will consult with the gen-tleman on the committee time. The gentleman from Oregon has 91⁄2 minutes remaining in the Energy and Commerce time. Mr. PALLONE. What is the total time remaining currently? The SPEAKER pro tempore. There are 67 minutes remaining for the gen-tleman from New Jersey as the des-ignee of the gentleman from Kentucky. That is 1 hour and 7 minutes. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ). Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, after all these late nights and backroom deals, here we are. This version of the bill was just dropped on our lap this morning, so we ought to take a careful look at what is in front of us. First of all, the bill defunds access to preventative health care and wellness. All the programs that we made progress on will be gone. It shortchanges the Medicare trust fund. Seniors might be paying thou-sands more than they are now to get the care they need. It returns us to a system with skimpy benefits without serious cov-erage for maternity care and mental health. Most dramatically, the bill disman-tles the Medicaid system as we know it, which has been a success across much of the country. In Oregon, children and families fi-nally have access to care that fits their needs. People living with disabilities are leading productive lives now. Hos-pitalizations and emergency room vis-its have been cut in half, and costs are down. We are all going to do this—take health care away from 24 million Americans, 14 million just this next year—and not going to save any more money than under the original ACA? Look, I know there are parts of the ACA that need fixing. While millions of people got coverage for the first time, premiums are still too high in the indi-vidual market. That is only 5 percent. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill, and let’s make the system better. b1330 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I don’t believe I have any other speakers, so I will continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ). Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, 5 years ago, I got the phone call everyone dreads. My wife had collapsed at work and was being rushed to an emergency room. It is a moment that is painfully familiar to far too many. Time stops. You fight to push your breath down your throat. Your brain gets stuck in that highlight reel of worst-case sce-narios. You are terrified. Fortunately, we were among the lucky ones. Lauren was okay. Most critically, our health coverage gave us the support that we needed to be able to focus on the one thing that mattered most, her recovery. For families in America, that is the simple expectation of our country’s healthcare system, a commitment that our society makes to care for one an-other in our time of deepest need be-cause our health is our great equalizer. No matter your power or privilege, no one among us escapes our time here on Earth without watching someone we love fight for their life. So we fortify this social contract, not just out of sympathy for the suffering, but so that it is there for us, too, when we need its sturdy brace. ‘‘Blessed are the merciful, for they shall be shown mercy.’’ Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ) for a unanimous consent request. (Ms. LOFGREN asked and was given permission to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this terrible bill that will hurt my constituents in California. Mr. Speaker, each one of us was elected by our constituents to stand up for them here in Washington. Today, I will stand up for people who live in the 19th Congressional District by voting no on this terrible bill. It’s small wonder that polling shows only 19 percent of Americans are in favor of this bill. With the bill, 24 million fewer Americans will have health care insurance. Families will pay increased out of pocket costs with higher deductibles. Incredibly, it allows insurance companies to penalize people older than 50 by allowing them to charge 5 times more for insurance than younger Americans. It hurts Seniors in other ways too....  b y  shortening the life of the medicare trust funds, by increasing costs for medicine for medicare recipients and by smashing the safety net for nursing home care which the Medicaid pro-gram provides. Incredibly, it also has a special penalty for veterans, by barring veterans from receiving tax credits if they are nominally eligible for VA care, even if there is no room for them at the VA. Let’s stand together for our hardworking Americans all over our country and in our own districts by voting no on this poorly crafted bill that cuts taxes for the richest Americans and leaves regular Americans on the short end of the stick when it comes to health care. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
A´RDENAS ). Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to own up to their bad bill. It is clear this is not what the American people deserve or what the American people are asking for. This legislation guts Medicaid. It steals from Medicare. It crushes our seniors and our working families. And 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.027 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2423 March 24, 2017 
just when you thought it couldn’t get worse, they went after veterans and their children. What’s more, this bill means insur-ance companies won’t cover new moth-ers, newborn babies, and prescription drugs. The Republicans are making health care for Americans worse and worse and worse. The Republicans have secretly wheeled and dealed in back rooms at the expense of millions of Americans in our great country, while giving tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to own up to this bill and oppose it for the sake of the American people. God bless us. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. One of the great tragedies of this de-bate is some of the scare tactics we have heard. And to listen to the gen-tleman from California talk about how removing essential benefits from the Federal mandate from the law is going to cause all that to happen is tragic be-cause he, on March 25 of 2015, cospon-sored legislation that did precisely that, removed the same Federal man-dates for workers in the 51–100 pool of employees for employers. He said it was too much of a mandate then on those businesses, when they provide in-surance. So every Member of the House who was here then, and every Senator, in-cluding the Democrat leader of the Senate at the time, voted for that, passed unanimously. By the way, the Congressional Budg-et Office said that those regulations that we are pulling back here would have made nongroup premiums 27 per-cent to 30 percent higher in 2016, than they otherwise would have been. So we are basically taking what CBO said is a good policy and implementing it here once again. Last time, in 2015, that was bipar-tisan. It was a voice vote. Today, you would think the world was falling around us, the sky was falling. Yet, ev-erybody who was here in 2015 said, that is okay, it is the right thing to do be-cause it will lower premiums, like CBO said, by 27 to 30 percent. So we thought what was good for those in the work world, for everybody who is insured through a large group plan, which is about 155 million Ameri-cans—they don’t live under this man-date, yet they have all those services and benefits—that that would make sense to lower premiums for individ-uals on the ObamaCare exchange, be-cause what I hear is, premiums are too high, deductibles go up. Nobody sees this thing coming down. We are making changes here because those exchanges are collapsing. We want to bring the premiums down. We want to make the changes that will bring them down. CBO says doing this on essential benefits would have re-sulted in nongroup premiums 27 to 30 percent lower than they would have otherwise been. They basically say they would be higher in 2016 than they would have otherwise been. So we are taking that, using that and saying: let’s drive them down; let’s get pre-miums down. It is unfortunate that you were will-ing to do that 2 years ago. It was bipar-tisan. Today, it is some extraordinary thing we are doing that is bad. It is not. We want to get lower premiums. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, Chair-man W
ALDEN is completely mischaracterizing the bill that was led by Mr. C
A´RDENAS . I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ). Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, the majority of my patients in the emergency de-partment are age 50 and older. This bill’s age tax will devastate Americans ages 50 to 64 who have worked their whole lives, planned for retirement, and now are wondering how they will make ends meet. The age tax will force older Ameri-cans to pay premiums up to five times higher than others, no matter how healthy they are, no matter how re-sponsibly they have lived, making cov-erage too expensive, and forcing them to be uninsured. For example, Rex, from my district, wrote me that he was worried about choosing between affordable insurance or saving for his retirement. Insurance for older Americans like Rex will be too expensive, leaving them uninsured when they need coverage the most. Under this bill, a 64-year-old like Rex, with an income of $26,500, in the individual market, will pay up to $14,000 for health insurance. That is more than half of their income on pre-miums alone, leaving little for food, for medicine, rent, and other basic neces-sities. I stand with our older Americans, and I urge everyone, Democrats and Republicans, to stand with older Amer-icans. Put ideology, partisanship, and politics aside and do the right thing. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. P
ETERS ). Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I came to Congress ready to help improve our healthcare system. And as our col-leagues on Chairman W
ALDEN ’s side have pointed out, there are some insur-ance markets that aren’t providing the choice and the low cost that consumers want, so let’s fix them. But that is not what this bill does. This bill takes away health insurance from 24 million Americans, including 37,000 people in my district in San Diego. And the last-minute changes made will cost the Federal Government even more money, without increasing coverage or reducing premiums. Is that really the best we can do? The only reason we are in this mess is because the Speaker of the House only ever sought 218 Republican votes. That is why we are left with a bill that is opposed by doctors, nurses, hos-pitals, and just about everyone because it makes the problems in our healthcare systems worse, not better. That is what happens when you never even reach out to the other side. Whether this bill dies today, or in the Senate, I hope we can get to work to-gether, Republicans and Democrats, to do better for the American people. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. Actually, we did reach out to Demo-crats. We have always reached out to Democrats. The vice chair of the Com-mittee held lunches with Democrats to say: How can we work together on this? And we were told: No, we can’t work with you on this particular measure. I hope we can. I agree, there is a lot we need to do together. It is what the American people expect. We have had these individual con-versations out of the bright lights of the cameras. Let’s get together. Let’s get this done. A lot hangs in the bal-ance. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ). Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, today, the House will vote on a bill that will take us back in our Nation’s history. My family has worked for decades for affordable quality health care for every American. It took a long time to achieve the progress we have made today. We began with Social Security, then we created Medicare, developed the Na-tional Institutes of Health, the chil-dren’s healthcare program, and many other efforts that have helped every single one of our communities across this country. Hearing after hearing, amendment after amendment, the Affordable Care Act was eventually developed. Cov-erage was expanded. Costs were low-ered. Certainty was brought to uncer-tainty. Let me remind you that before the Affordable Care Act, many had to de-cide between bankruptcy and death. Children hit lifetime caps. Cancer and being a woman were preexisting condi-tions where it costs too much money for premiums, or you couldn’t get them at all. Millions now have coverage who didn’t, lifesaving screenings, preventa-tive care, and, today, we are talking about taking it back by eliminating es-sential services. Please vote ‘‘no’’ for America’s heart and soul. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, I think it is very telling that the gentleman from Oregon has no more speakers on his side for what they claim to be a very significant bill, and it certainly is significant; but the reason for that, in my opinion, is be-cause this Republican bill is hurting real people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.062 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2424 March 24, 2017 
Don’t tell the real people, don’t tell the Americans in my district or the rest of the country who are coming to your doors and going to your legisla-tive offices and calling you by the thousands to tell you not to pass this bill, don’t tell them your answer that I hear over and over again: Well, trust us. Trust us. The problem is we have to look at the bill that is before us today. This is a terrible bill. Millions of people, 24 million people, are going to lose their insurance. Many more are going to pay a lot more out of pocket with higher deductibles and higher copays. And the worst part of all is you are allowing the insurance companies to sell junk insurance that doesn’t even cover their care; it doesn’t even nec-essarily provide any coverage. So I ask my colleagues on the other side, think of the people. Think about your heart. Think about what this real-ly means. And if you look at it, you will know that this is a bad bill and should be defeated. Vote ‘‘no.’’ I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, here is what I would say: What you have heard from the other side is everything is working per-fectly; leave it alone. Democrats created ObamaCare. Democrats created the exchange. They said: We are going to tell you the kind of insurance you have to buy; we are going to force you to buy it, or you will answer to the IRS and pay a penalty. They mandated that. Then they came back and said: Well, that didn’t work so well, so we had bet-ter get rid of the essential benefits for the workers and employers, 51–100 em-ployees in a company; we are going to take that off because that will drive up premiums. And they voted unani-mously to do that. Today, they come back and say: Oh, that would be hor-rible. But they did it before, so they were for it before they were against it. But let me talk about what really matters here. First of all, there is lot of scare tactics out there by a lot of high-paid organizations. The first is, we preserve your right as a citizen to acquire health insurance regardless of your health condition. b1345 So here is the deal: preexisting condi-tions, we protect that; lifetime caps, we protect that so that insurance com-panies can’t go over the top of you; keep your kids on until they are 26, we protect that. Those were good things. We agree in a bipartisan way those should be protected. We do that. But we also recognize that 19.2 mil-lion Americans looked at the Demo-crats’ healthcare exchanges and plans, went the other direction, and said no. They have walked with their wallets and their feet and said: I don’t like what you are selling and I can’t afford what you are selling. I will even pay the IRS $600 or $700 not to take ObamaCare. Meanwhile, Mr. Speaker, the insurers have said that the way the Democrats created the insurance markets all over the country, we can stay in them. We are losing too much money, and we are out. That is why in one out of three coun-ties today in America you only have one choice, and that is called a monop-oly. We are trying to fix this market so people will have choices that are af-fordable. We are trying to make sure people have access to coverage they want and can afford. This is the first step, not the last step, toward fixing this market. I look at it like we have poured the foundation. Construction projects are a little messy when you are just pouring the foundation. Now we are going to put up the walls, we are going to put the roof on, and we are going to build this out in multiple steps throughout this year and next. Meanwhile, we provide complete cov-erage. We do all the protections ObamaCare continues in its support for people while we fix the market and allow it to come back. We have timed this out. I know there are some on my side of the aisle who wanted to get rid of those protections, and we brought them around or they are going to vote ‘‘no.’’ But we said: No; we have to have those protections in place—existing conditions, no more lifetime caps, keeping your kids on until they are 26. We have a product here that needs to go to the next step. We will all work on it and continue to make it better as we go forward. But if we do nothing and let it fail today, these markets are going to get worse and worse under the Democrats’ ObamaCare plans, and peo-ple won’t have a choice in States and counties all over America. I wish we could join together today and put forward a bipartisan vote to save these markets and help our con-stituents going forward. Mr. Speaker, we owe it to them. They have asked for it for 7 years. Let’s get it done. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL), and I ask unanimous consent that he be allowed to control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ), and I ask unanimous con-sent that he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, last month, President Trump stood right here in this room and said to Congress: ObamaCare is collapsing. He called on us to take de-cisive action to protect all Americans. Today we have a choice to make: will we answer the President’s call to ac-tion and pass this legislation to repeal and replace ObamaCare? Or will we allow ObamaCare to remain fully in place and deny our constituents the re-lief they urgently need? I, for one, refuse to allow my con-stituents in Texas to suffer ObamaCare’s impacts any longer. For the past 7 years, we have watched ObamaCare fail Americans on every single promise, and throughout this time, as the Obama administration turned a deaf ear to the American peo-ple, House Republicans were listening. We were listening to all those facing severe premium increases, people like Lauren in my district, in my home-town of The Woodlands. Lauren re-cently emailed me to say that her pre-miums this year have gone up by near-ly 70 percent. Now they are $900 a month. We were listening to all those who can no longer see the doctor of their choice or access the care they need at an affordable price, people like Eliza-beth from Conroe, Texas, another con-stituent of my mine. Her family pays about $800 a month in healthcare pre-miums, yet they can no longer see any of the doctors they know and trust. This includes the primary care doctor that Elizabeth and her husband have been seeing for over a decade. It in-cludes her children’s longtime pediatri-cian. All of these doctors are now out of reach, thanks to ObamaCare. That is the thing with this law. It has helped some, no doubt, but far more people have been hurt, people like Lauren and Elizabeth, who are paying significantly more for signifi-cantly less access to health care. It doesn’t have to be this way. After 7 years of listening carefully to the American people, we have now arrived at this moment of decisive action. With the American Health Care Act, we have the best opportunity since ObamaCare’s enactment to repeal this harmful law, clear the deck, and begin over with a step-by-step process to de-liver a healthcare system based on what patients and families truly want and need, not what Washington thinks is best. This bill gets us off to an excellent start. First, it delivers swift relief to the American people by immediately repealing ObamaCare’s most harmful provisions. The individual mandate— the tax penalty—is gone. The employer mandate tax penalty is gone. Nearly $900 billion in ObamaCare tax hikes that have driven up costs and reduced access to care for families, patients, and jobs, those tax hikes are gone. From here, the American Health Care Act takes significant action to re-place ObamaCare with patient-focused solutions that expand choice, lower 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\MARCH\H24MR7.REC H24MR7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2425 March 24, 2017 
costs, and enhance competition. This is where we reclaim control of health care from Washington and put it back where it belongs—with patients, fami-lies, and States. We expand health savings accounts, making them more flexible and more user-friendly. We protect health cov-erage for the more than 150 million Americans who receive it through their job. We deliver the largest entitlement reform in decades, giving power to States to improve and streamline Med-icaid so they can better serve the needs of local patients and families. For low- and middle-income Ameri-cans who don’t receive coverage through work or a Federal program, we offer an advanceable, refundable tax credit that people can use immediately to help purchase coverage that is tai-lored to their needs. These tax credits provide a conservative, free-market al-ternative to inefficient ObamaCare subsidies that exist today. They deliver support to low- and middle-income Americans. At the same time, they will encourage real competition and choice in the health insurance market. Finally, as a committed pro-life con-servative, I am pleased to say this bill defunds Planned Parenthood while funding the community health centers for women’s truly needed health care, and takes vital action to protect the right to life. No Federal funding can be used for elective abortions. The lan-guage is crystal clear. The American Health Care Act rep-resents a critical first step in our mul-tiphase effort to tear down ObamaCare and reinstate patient-focused solutions that help all Americans. But we know there is more work to do. ObamaCare was a massive government takeover of health care. To fully uproot the law, it is going to take a sustained, coordi-nated, and relentless effort from both Congress and the administration. For-tunately, we have incredible partners in President Trump and Secretary Price at the Department of Health and Human Services. They are already be-ginning work on the next phases of the process, stripping away ObamaCare’s regulations so we can enact additional free-market solutions. These include consensus conservative proposals, such as allowing insurance to be sold across State lines. But to see success in the next phases, we have to take the first step today. We have to pass the American Health Care Act, deliver immediate relief to the American people, and provide a conservative path forward. In closing, I thank all the leaders in the House who worked hard to craft the bill before us today: Chairman G
REG W
ALDEN , Chairman D IANE BLACK , and so many others. I also want to offer my gratitude to everyone from the Congressional Budg-et Office, the Joint Committee on Tax-ation, and the House Office of Legisla-tive Counsel who provided analysis and support as we developed this legisla-tion. I would like to give a special thanks to Emily Murry, Stephanie Parks, and all of our hardworking staff on the Ways and Means Committee. At the end of the day, on this day, we will have our first true vote to repeal ObamaCare. History will record where we stand. This is a clear choice. We can stand with President Trump and more freedom for Americans to buy health care they choose, or stand with ObamaCare and more government that gets in the way. I proudly stand with President Trump and more freedom for the American people. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Recently, President Trump said: Who knew that health care could be so com-plicated? Well, 70 years ago, Harry Truman knew how complicated it could be when he first proposed national health insur-ance. Lyndon Johnson knew more than 50 years ago when he proposed, success-fully, Medicare and Medicaid. Richard Nixon knew when he proposed the indi-vidual mandate. Bob Dole knew when he proposed the individual mandate. In Massachusetts, Mitt Romney knew when he proposed the individual man-date. Mr. Speaker, recently, within the last week, the great on-the-street writ-er, Jimmy Breslin, died. Amongst the great columns and the great books he wrote, one of them that he wrote that will be with us in a timeless manner was ‘‘The Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight.’’ That is what this institution has been like for the last 10 days. There were caucuses and there were con-ferences. People were running back and forth with new CBO scores and coming back to the floor with new proposals. Members are put in the position of being offered special arrangements so that they might be brought over the goal line—that, after 61 times they have voted in this House to try to re-peal the Affordable Care Act. Well, here is what we have in front of us this afternoon: a CBO score says that 24 million Americans will see ei-ther an increase in premiums or they will lose their insurance, there will be an imposition of an age tax on older Americans, and a tax cut of $1 trillion. This bill has gone from bad to worse. If that wasn’t enough, to get the votes to pass the bill, they want to cut prescription drug benefits, mental health benefits, hospital benefits, and maternity care; and, yes, every one of us in this institution knows a family who is struggling with a loved one’s ad-diction, and they want to roll back that benefit. Recently, the conservative columnist Bill Kristol tweeted: 
The healthcare bill doesn’t, A, lower costs that they have; B, it doesn’t improve insur-ance; C, it doesn’t increase liberty; D, it doesn’t make health care better. So what is the point? Here is the point: it is a $1 trillion tax cut so that they can change the baseline for their tax cuts that are coming down the road. That is what this is about. Now, the President said he wanted an insurance plan that covered all mem-bers of the American family. What they are offering up today is a plan that cuts health insurance for 24 mil-lion American family members. It does not increase coverage, it does not lower costs, and it does not strengthen con-sumer protections. So what does it do? Sadly enough, back to the old argu-ment that we have had in this institu-tion for years: a $1 trillion tax cut for the people at the top and special inter-ests. The former speaker here a minute ago, the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, spoke about perfection. I was here when this legis-lation was authored, and I helped to write it. I can tell you this right now: we knew it was not about perfection, but we subscribed to the idea, as was the case with Social Security, Medi-care, and Medicaid, that we would im-prove it as time went on. We would fix it so that all members of the American family might benefit from the basic no-tion of access and affordability as it re-lates to health care. So what do we have here? $839 billion of cuts to Medicaid, which is now long-term care for mem-bers of the American family. Do you know why? Sixty percent of Medicaid dollars go to nursing home care, and they want to cut $839 billion to provide a $1 trillion tax cut. Let me tell you, members of the American family can understand that. In Massachusetts, where proudly I can say 100 percent of the children in our State are covered, 97 percent of the adults in Massachusetts are covered. And guess what? It polls regularly in the high seventies as to consumer sat-isfaction. A Republican Governor of Massachusetts has advised them to go slowly and to go carefully, that this is not the path that they want to travel down, as well as other Governors across the country who happen to be a Republican. b1400 The hard truth here today is they are asking the American family to pay more to get less. Dozens of Republicans have said so today. Secretary Mnuchin recently said that ‘‘there will be no absolute tax cut for the upper class.’’ I hope that the Re-publican Conference confers with Sec-retary Mnuchin so that they might get their facts straight on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ), the chairman of the Health Subcommittee, who played an invaluable role in solutions to lower healthcare costs for Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.065 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2426 March 24, 2017 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership in this important matter, and I echo his words with respect to the staff, Emily Murry and her team, as well as Whitney Daffner and Abby Finn in my office. Mr. Speaker, like the chairman, I had a front row seat in 2009 and 2010 to the passage of the Affordable Care Act and a front row seat to all the promises made about this wonderful bill called the Affordable Care Act. Then, over the last 6 years, like the chairman, I heard from my constitu-ents and fellow Ohioans. I heard about their sad ObamaCare stories of a road of broken ObamaCare promises. There was a lady east of Columbus who had cancer. She was a survivor. Fast-forward to a few years ago. She gets cancer again and finds out that the oncologist that she had, she could no longer have. He was not in the net-work. She could not go to the hospital in her community. She had to go 60 miles away. Or there is the small-business owner and his wife and family on the indi-vidual market and now on the ex-change not getting employer-provided health care and, therefore, not getting the benefit. They saw their plan price quadruple in the last several years. Mr. Speaker, we are going to take care of that person and give them a tax credit so they have the ability, just like em-ployer-provided employee’s health care. In Ohio, last year, our CO-OP col-lapsed. We had 20,000 people without health care. Many saw bills not being paid. Twenty counties in my State had one provider and fewer choices. Broken promises. Constituents can’t keep their doctor, can’t keep their hos-pital. Constituents saw emergency room visits go up. It was supposed to go down under the Affordable Care Act. Premiums and deductibles are going up, not down, in my district. One promise wasn’t broken, and that is a government-mandated, one-size- fits-all Washington plan that many of my constituents didn’t want and others couldn’t afford. That was their ObamaCare. We can do better, and in this bill we do. In one step, in the first step, more steps to come, we begin creating a pa-tient-centered healthcare system that will not only put more power in the hands of our constituents, but it will also drive down healthcare costs. Remember what they said in Ohio newspapers in my State about ObamaCare: a tough pill to swallow, a nightmare, very taxing, just more red tape. These aren’t my words, Mr. Speaker; these are hardworking Ohio-ans’ words. They deserve better. They deserve more choices. They deserve better access, the access and the choices they want for them and their families. We begin, Mr. Speaker, with this bill. We don’t end here. There is much more to do. We are putting the people’s power back in their hands, not in Washington’s hands. Today, it is time for us to deliver. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would re-mind my friend—and he is my friend— from Ohio that his vote will result in 39,500 people losing their healthcare coverage if this legislation prevails. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN), who was a substantive and major play-er in the development of the ACA when it was passed. (Mr. LEVIN asked and was given per-mission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. N
EALfor his work and that of all of us on the committee on the Democratic side. As CBO has said, under this bill, 24 million Americans would lose their health insurance next year, and 24 mil-lion over the next decade. Today, most are invisible, but they would become seen and heard at emer-gency rooms, with no other place to go with more serious illnesses because of no preventive care. They are people 50 to 64 with far higher premiums; mothers without ac-cess to affordable maternity care; el-derly evicted from nursing homes, los-ing coverage from Medicaid, the larg-est source of long-term care in our Na-tion; and lives lost that could have been saved. I repeat: lives lost that could have been saved. I remember some time ago I met a woman who had health insurance through her job. She contracted breast cancer and received treatment but then lost her job and insurance. Then the ACA covered her. She looked straight at us and said that, without further treatments, she would not be alive today. Under this bill, a trillion dollars is lost for health care, and there will be a trillion dollars in tax cuts, mostly for the very wealthy and corporations. This is not America. I repeat: This is not America. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman of the Human Resources Subcommittee. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act of 2017. This legislation is the first step in a process to unravel ObamaCare’s taxes and mandates and provide relief to the American people. To understand the extent of ObamaCare’s failures and their impact on hardworking Americans and their families, just look at the rapid collapse of ObamaCare’s Consumer-Operated and Oriented Plans, or CO-OPs. The story of these failed ObamaCare CO-OPs began in my home State of Ne-braska, with the abrupt collapse of CoOportunity Health, which left 120,000 Nebraskans and Iowans without health insurance. I repeat: It left 120,000 Ne-braskans and Iowans without health insurance. CoOportunity Health was the first ObamaCare CO-OP to collapse, but it wasn’t long before 18 more followed suit, closing their doors and leaving hundreds of thousands more without health insurance. Only 4 of the 23 CO– OPs created under ObamaCare actually remain, and these remaining 4 will likely face the same fate as they con-tinue to struggle with dire financial challenges. Americans were falsely promised, if they liked their insurance, they could keep it. After complying with ObamaCare’s mandates, many Nebras-kans could not even keep the insurance this law created. One of my constituents in western Nebraska, Pam, who is self-employed, lost her insurance four times under ObamaCare. Prior to ObamaCare’s im-plementation, she had a plan she liked and that actually covered her pre-existing condition. She was forced off of that original plan when ObamaCare began and then lost her coverage three more times through no fault of her own. For Pam and millions of others across the country, ObamaCare has se-verely limited options for affordable care. This is simply unsustainable. Constituents in rural districts like mine are being hit the hardest by ObamaCare’s dwindling insurance mar-kets. Because of ObamaCare, Nebras-kans are down to only two insurers from which to choose, and other rural areas are down to only one or even zero providers on their exchanges. Adding insult to injury, according to the Obama administration’s own report on the individual market, 2017 pre-miums in Nebraska increased by 51 per-cent. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-er, places like Oklahoma are experi-encing premium increases of 69 per-cent, and it is only projected to get worse if we do not act. Doing nothing is certainly not an op-tion. We must come together to rescue this rapidly collapsing healthcare sys-tem. Let’s come together to do right by the American people. I urge passage of this bill. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would re-mind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 50,000 people in his congressional district in Nebraska losing their health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS), a giant in terms of the morality of our time and a good friend and individual who helped write the Affordable Care Act, as well. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose this bill. As elected Representatives, we have a mission, an obligation, and a man-date to fight for each and every Amer-ican. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.067 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2427 March 24, 2017 
I ask you, Mr. Speaker: Who will stand for the American people? Who will speak up for those who have been left out and left behind? Mr. Speaker, I have said it time and time again: Health care is a right. It is not a privilege reserved for a wealthy few, for what does it profit this body to pass this bill and lose our soul? This bill is a shame. It is a disgrace. Mr. Speaker, today my heart breaks for the disabled, for women, for seniors, and for working families. My heart aches for those who are living pay-check to paycheck. My heart mourns for innocent little children whose very lives depend on if their families can pay the bills. This is the right and wrong of it. This is the heart and soul of the matter. We cannot abandon our principles, Mr. Speaker. We cannot forget our val-ues. I have fought too hard and too long to back down now. I will fight any bill that turns the clock back to a darker time. I will fight every single attempt to turn a deaf ear, a blind eye, and a cold shoul-der to the sick, to our seniors, and to working families. Mr. Speaker, I will fight every day, every hour, every minute, and every second. I oppose this bill with every breath and every bone in my body. We must not give up. We cannot—I will not—give in, not today, not tomorrow, not never, ever. On this bill, there is only one option, and that option is to vote ‘‘no.’’ We can do better. Mr. Speaker, we must do bet-ter. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I first would remind my friend from Georgia that nearly 700,000 Georgians have chosen to either pay a fine or ex-empt themselves from ObamaCare be-cause it has failed them so badly. And to my friend from Michigan, 420,000 Michiganders, more than half, chose to exempt themselves from ObamaCare rather than accept that failed health care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota, (Mr. P
AUL-
SEN), a key member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, today we are taking a very important step to lift the burden of the Affordable Care Act off of the backs of the American people. A key component of this is re-pealing the burdensome mandates and tax increases that were imposed to help fund this failed law. This includes the medical device tax, a senseless policy that placed an excise tax on lifesaving medical technology. What did this achieve? A loss of 30,000 high-paying American jobs, less re-search and development, canceled projects, and postponed expansions. Most importantly, it hurt patients. There is good news. Just a few years ago, in 2015, we came together on a bi-partisan basis and suspended the tax for 2 years. We are seeing positive re-sults. Companies are now hiring again, we have increased research and devel-opment, and we have new investments in facilities coming online. We need to permanently repeal this onerous tax or it is going to start up again. Voting ‘‘yes’’ today means per-manent repeal of the medical device tax. Mr. Speaker, I am also encouraged to see several provisions I have authored to enhance and expand the use of health savings accounts and flexible spending accounts that are included in this legislation today. HSAs and FSAs are now more pop-ular than ever and used by 20 million Americans. It is time to remove the re-strictions on HSAs that were imposed in ObamaCare so that we can make them more accessible and easier to use and empower Americans to take more control of their healthcare decisions. Expanding HSAs will help us also begin to address the rising costs of health care. One recent study showed that, when a large employer switched their employees over to an HSA plan, it lowered their healthcare spending by an average of $900 per employee over a 5-year period. That is real savings, Mr. Speaker. Let’s support a better way forward to lower healthcare costs for patients and put them back in control of their healthcare decisions. b1415 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 49,200 people in his congres-sional district in Minnesota losing their healthcare coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts that relates to the debate we are having today. 
OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR , COMMON -
WEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS , S
TATE HOUSE , Boston, MA, March 21, 2017. D
EARDELEGATION MEMBER : Health care is once again at the forefront of national and state policy discussions; I know we all share the goal of ensuring access to quality, afford-able health care coverage for the people of Massachusetts. With Congress set to take up the American Health Care Act (AHCA) immi-nently, I wanted to share with you my ad-ministration’s analysis of the potential ef-fects this bill would have on our state. The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) re-leased its score of the AHCA on March 13. This analysis is broadly consistent with con-cerns we have raised, with you and others, regarding the bill’s impact on the state and its residents’ access to affordable healthcare. Applying CBO’s assumptions to Massachu-setts results in at least $1 billion of reduced federal revenue beginning in 2020, and we es-timate reduced revenue of $1.3 billion in 2021, and $1.5 billion in 2022, with likely a greater annual impact in the years that follow. Specifically, our estimate extrapolated from the CBO analysis of a $1.5 billion im-pact for FY 2022 includes $1.3 billion of an-nual MassHealth federal revenue losses and $200 million in annual reduced federal sub-sidies for private insurance through the Con-nector. Several key areas of concern for Massachu-setts were not included in the CBO analysis and could further impact the Common-wealth’s budget. For example, the CBO esti-mate does not address 1115 waiver payments that we believe this bill would put at risk. By FY22, the Commonwealth estimates an additional $425–475 million per year of re-duced federal revenue in potential elimi-nation of 1115 payments not captured under the per capita targets, including federal matching funds for a state-run ConnectorCare Wrap subsidy. The actual experience for these and other factors is significantly dependent on how the U.S. Department of Health and Human Serv-ices implements the legislation and unpre-dictable factors in the future (e.g., pharma-ceutical growth). In addition to reduced federal revenue for Medicaid, the CBO also projects a reduction in employer-sponsored health insurance of 7 million people nationwide as a result of the repeal of the federal Employer Mandate. This would exacerbate a trend that Massa-chusetts has seen over the last several years. Massachusetts repealed the Chapter 58 Fair Share Contribution in 2013 in order to com-port with the ACA. My administration has proposed reinstating an employers’ shared responsibility for the costs of health care. This would be increasingly important if the federal Employer Mandate were repealed, as the AHCA proposes. The Commonwealth does have certain pro-tections in place that could mitigate the im-pact of some of these changes. Massachusetts retains its individual health insurance man-date, reducing the likelihood that many peo-ple would drop out of the insurance market due to the repeal of the federal mandate. Massachusetts also has protective insurance coverage laws that would not be superseded by the federal legislation. The AHCA includes a provision that would prevent Medicaid from reimbursing Planned Parenthood for providing important health services such as cancer screenings. My ad-ministration opposes this provision, and has already committed to funding these services with state dollars if it should pass. During conversations with governors across the country, the Trump Administra-tion has expressed a general openness to pro-viding greater state flexibility with respect to health care, including through a letter issued by HHS Secretary Price on March 14 to states. Our administration will pursue ad-ditional flexibilities to stabilize our markets and ensure continued coverage for residents and we urge you to support these efforts by leading discussions in Congress to ensure the people of Massachusetts continue to have ac-cess to a quality health care system. Overall, our analysis indicates that the AHCA would increasingly strain the fiscal resources necessary to support the Common-wealth’s continued commitment to universal health care coverage. I hope this information is helpful to you as Congress takes up the American Health Care Act. My administration and I will continue to stay in touch with you as we work together to ensure access to quality, affordable health coverage for all Massachusetts residents. Sincerely, C
HARLES D. B AKER , Governor. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ), who played a major role in the substantive contribution he made to writing the ACA. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, TrumpCare is big on Trump, but it is weak on care. After falsely promising that there would be coverage for every-one for less and better, TrumpCare only cares about huge tax breaks for the superrich and special interests, like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.068 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2428 March 24, 2017 
the totally unjustified $28 billion wind-fall for the pharmaceutical industry that they grab right out of the Medi-care trust fund so that premiums will go up. Those earning $1 million within a single year get 79 percent of a $230 billion tax break, but there is no gen-uine relief for middle class taxpayers. Removing the essential health bene-fits provisions will only enable insurers to exclude the very healthcare protec-tions that folks thought they were get-ting when they paid their premiums. Insurance plans will not just be skinny, they will be a sham; a provision that at the very time you need the care, it won’t be there. Many certificates of in-surance will become as worthless al-most as a diploma from Trump Univer-sity. This Republican bill targets our vet-erans by denying them tax credits. For millions of people who are just a few years too young to qualify for Medi-care, their premiums will go through the roof. It will cost thousands of dol-lars more in order to get insurance. Yes, the Republicans have been divided and factionalized. They are divided be-tween those who want nothing care and those who want little care. But, most-ly, they don’t seem to care how many millions of people lose their health in-surance. Mr. President, this is not the art of the deal. It is the art of the steal, of taking away insurance coverage from families that really need it to provide tax breaks for those at the very top. Those who understand health care, the professionals, say reject this bill, and it should be rejected. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I remind my friend from Texas that 2 million Texans eligible, forced into ObamaCare and getting deep subsidies, have said: No thanks. ObamaCare has failed me. Two out of three Texans eligible. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED), a key member of our Committee on Ways and Means. Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this legislation. I ask my colleagues on the other side of the aisle—as I stood in front of town halls and I listened to thousands of folks across my district say what we should be working on is fixing the Affordable Care Act to a T, I have heard my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle say: It is not perfect; we need to repair it. Yet, today we take the first step in this endeavor by the legislation that is before us, and all we hear is how bad this legislation is. All we hear today, Mr. Speaker, is how bad this first step in this journey for the American people we need to go on when it comes to American health care is. I don’t hear rhetoric saying let us talk about phase 2, let us talk about phase 3, where we can come together as Democrats and Republicans for the people we represent. The American people are lost in this bickering that we have here in this Chamber today, but I don’t forget their voice. I am not going to forget the voice of the constituents that came to me as small-business owners saying: You are putting me out of business with these insurance premiums. They are going through the roof. I won’t forget the faces of the people who are saying: My copays are going through the roof. My deductibles are higher. I don’t have coverage that I had 7 years, 8 years ago before ObamaCare. Mr. Speaker, I implore all of us in this Chamber to work together for the American people as a whole. The Amer-ican people want freedom. They don’t want mandates. They want to choose the insurance that works best for them. They want to access their doc-tors that they select. They want to have the promise that was made to them, that they could have their insur-ance and keep it going forward honored and respected by this institution. That is what our legislation starts today. Not a soul on our side of the aisle says the issue of health care will go away because of the first step we take today, because we have to do better for the American people when it comes not only to health insurance, but for health care in America. I know we can, and I want to be a voice to say let us join together to get this done for the American people. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague that his vote for this bill today will result in 68,300 people from his congressional district losing their health coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMP -
SON), a very thoughtful member of the Committee on Ways and Means who also helped to write the ACA. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bad bill. It is not a step toward fixing the ACA, this is a step toward destroying health care. It was bad when it ripped health care away from 24 million Americans. It was bad when it created an age tax, forcing seniors to pay five times that of what other people pay. It was bad when it forced hardworking Americans to pay higher premiums and deductibles while billionaires get a trillion dollars’ worth of tax cuts. And it was bad when it shortened the life of Medicare. But today it got worse. Today Repub-licans gutted coverage for emergency services, prescription drugs, hos-pitalization, mental health coverage, and preventative coverage. This bill also prevents millions of veterans from getting health care. This is a truly bad bill. It will cost millions of Americans their health care. It will force them to pay more for fewer benefits, and it gives the richest Americans a huge tax cut. This is a tax-cut bill, not a healthcare bill. The American people deserve much better. I urge everyone to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bad bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I remind my friend from California, 1.5 million Californians forced into ObamaCare and given generous sub-sidies found a way to exempt them-selves because ObamaCare failed. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. KELLY ), a small-business-man and a key member of our com-mittee. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand today in support of this bill. I have been told that this is a rookie mistake. I under-stand that. We have been working 7 years to undo that rookie’s mistake. That is why we are here today. A rook-ie who didn’t know what he was doing, but lectured to us, told us: This is what you have to do; and if you do this, you can keep your doctor, you can keep your health plan, you can just stay on board, and we are going to insure mil-lions of you. Nothing could be further from the truth. The big thing was you are going to save $2,300 on your premiums. He forgot to tell everybody but the people who were actually in that business. In-credible. Incredible. Now, this isn’t about me, and it is not about you. This is about people. We are in the people’s House. Let me just read to you a couple letters from the people who I represent back home. By the way, out of the seven counties I represent, five have one insurer, and the rest of them got out because they couldn’t stand to try and work under this onerous law. Let me tell you what Amanda says: I am very happy to hear that you are working to repeal the Affordable Care Act. I just got an up-close-and-personal look at how dysfunctional it is while trying to shop for my own plan. It is hard enough to start a business in this country due to so many rules, regula-tions, and confounding taxes. This law makes it even harder. And I don’t think the government should make me buy coverages I simply don’t need. I know my situation, and I should be able to buy whatever I want without incurring four-figure tax penalties. Jason says to me: Dear M
IKE, I am a self-employed father of four feeling the hurtful effects of ObamaCare. For years there has been so much talk from Republicans about repealing ObamaCare. I am paying yet more money for less coverage. We are really feeling the effects of this in my family in our budget. My kids are going to bed hungry after dinner. We desperately need relief and now, not next year. I enthusiastically pulled the lever for Donald Trump and for you, and we are counting on you to make some real change in D.C. Please keep up the fight, and do it quickly. So this is not about M
IKE, it is not about John, it is not about any of us. What it is about is taking care of the people that we were sent here to rep-resent. They are Republicans and they are Democrats, who some people could care less about any of us, but they ex-pected us to do something for them. We are sitting here today because this law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.071 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2429 March 24, 2017 
is so bad. If it was so good, we wouldn’t have to worry, but it is bad, with a cap-ital B. Now, I have got to tell you, growing up, as a young kid, as it got toward Christmas—and I say this to my friends, by the way, on our side—I used to make a list right before Christmas. I put on that list everything I wanted. You know what, Mr. Speaker? Come Christmas morning, I never got every-thing I wanted, but I was so thankful for everything I got. We have to deliver today. We have to keep a promise today to the American people. We have to backtrack on a rookie mistake 7 years ago and make it better for the American people, not just for Republicans, not just for Democrats, not just for those who vote blue or red, but for those who expect us to do what we are supposed to do in the people’s House. This is not the Repub-lican House or the Democrat House, this is the people’s House. Isn’t it time for all of us to come to-gether to get this done? We have a marvelous opportunity, but we could lose it. I ask you all and I urge you all to please vote for this act. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague and my friend that with his vote for this bill, 41,400 people from his congressional district in Pennsylvania will lose their healthcare coverage. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
AR-
SON), who is from an adjacent district and a close friend and a long-time member of the Committee on Ways and Means and an individual who also con-tributed mightily to the development and writing of the Affordable Care Act. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I associate myself with Mr. N
EAL’s remarks, and especially him framing this issue from the outside about the arc of history. As we have witnessed in this Cham-ber time and again, dating back to Franklin Delano Roosevelt, when you look at the impact of 24 million people, you have to look at your colleagues on the other side of the aisle and say: Are you frozen in the ice of your indiffer-ence to what impacts the daily lives of people who have showed up at our fo-rums and the forums that you have conducted? The sheer humanity of what is tak-ing place across this country cries out for a solution. Yet all we have heard, as Mr. N
EALsaid, is the helter-skelter back and forth of who is winning politi-cally, what is happening with the Free-dom Caucus, what is going to—if Trump loses, is R
YANout? The American people don’t care about that. They care about their fami-lies. And this is the institution that we were sent to to work on their behalf. It is up to us to come together and work on behalf of the American people. This is not a healthcare bill. This is a tax bill. We are going to work on that later on, but we shouldn’t start by say-ing that we are going to have a trans-fer of wealth in this Chamber from peo-ple who are begging and pleading and showing up at the townhalls and asking for our help, and our answer is a trans-fer of wealth in a tax bill. Everybody wants to know why we are taking this up first and not taxes. Because it is a tax bill, that is why. b1430 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would remind my friend from Con-necticut that 190,000 residents in Con-necticut, two out of three eligible for ObamaCare, believed it failed them so badly they paid a tax or exempted themselves. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM), who has weighed in in such a key way on health care. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, it is no surprise that the Democrats today are upset, that they are complaining that they don’t like this bill, because their number one goal all along, and I have heard them say it to me in conversa-tions over the years, their number one goal was to go to a single-payer sys-tem. They wanted government-run health care, and we are on the track to that today. In fact, in my home State of South Dakota, at one time, we had 17 options and companies that people could shop for their healthcare policies from. Today we have two. We are well down our road now to giving them exactly what they want. They hate this bill because it puts peo-ple back in control of their own health care. It doesn’t let some bureaucrat in Washington, D.C., decide what treat-ment they can get in the future. It lets people decide that with their doctors. This is a vote, today, for freedom for people who have lived under the bu-reaucracy of the Federal Government not giving them options on how to take care of themselves and their families. Rising costs, shrinking options, in-creasing bureaucracy under ObamaCare has taken healthcare control away from patients, away from people, away from families struggling to pay their bills; and, against their best and own common sense and household budgets, they are forced to pay $10,000, $15,000, $20,000 more per year for health cov-erage, health coverage which has a de-ductible so high that they don’t even utilize it then because they can no way meet the $6,500 deductible, $10,000 de-ductible, $12,000 deductible. So they don’t even use it at all if they do have it. Their stories are reflected in all the data that we have seen. One hundred percent of the healthcare options on healthcare.gov in South Dakota have seen double-digit rate increases. Meanwhile, the number of providers families have to choose from has gotten much, much worse. We have a responsibility to eliminate ObamaCare’s individual and employer mandates, which today’s legislation does. It also abolishes the taxes that were included in ObamaCare, up to $1 trillion of taxes that were put on health care in order to pay for the bill, which will be eliminated as well. If left in place, the health insurance tax alone will raise costs on families up to $5,000 over the next decade. Bipartisan congressional Members have repeatedly opposed taxpayer fund-ing of abortions, and that is fixed in this bill as well. When we talk about health care, we are talking about something very per-sonal, which is why I want patients put back in control. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would re-mind my colleague that her vote for this bill will result in 63,000 people in South Dakota losing their healthcare coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLU-
MENAUER ), a visionary, certainly, a for-ward-looking individual who also helped to write the ACA. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, it has come to this: considering hope-lessly flawed legislation that the Re-publicans have had 7 years to prepare for and still couldn’t do it right. It may still pass, but it is never going to be enacted because most people are fig-uring it out. They don’t like it and they are being heard. That is why this bill has been stalled and the Repub-licans have been forced to twist the legislation in this fashion. But the bottom line remains: TrumpCare will cost more for people who need it the most. It will hurt older and lower-income people in order to create tax cuts for people who need them the least. TrumpCare will desta-bilize health insurance and will slowly but surely destroy Medicaid. It didn’t have to be that way, but as long as people continue speaking out and fighting back with us, it won’t be in the future, and we can have a new era in health care and in politics. With their help, it will be. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I remind my dear friend from Oregon, 153,000 Oregonians eligible for ObamaCare with generous subsidies said thank you, but no thank you. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. R
ICE), my good friend and a key mem-ber of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of the American Health Care Act and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the bill. ObamaCare was built on broken promises. President Obama said you could keep your policy, keep your doc-tor, and it would bring down the cost of the insurance for a family of four by $2,500 per year. It is time for the lies to stop. Let me share with Members the shameful re-ality of ObamaCare in South Carolina. It turns out you couldn’t keep your doctor. In fact, the Medical University of South Carolina is not an accepted provider under ObamaCare in South Carolina. That is right. South Caro-linians cannot go to the Medical Uni-versity of South Carolina if they are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.072 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2430 March 24, 2017 
covered by ObamaCare exchange poli-cies. It turns out you couldn’t keep your policy. It is hard to believe, but more South Carolinians had their plans can-celed by ObamaCare than have enrolled in the exchanges. 237,000 South Caro-linians’ policies were canceled in ObamaCare. It turns out South Carolinians did not see a $2,500 reduction in their healthcare premiums. In fact, pre-miums have increased by double digits every year since the exchange opened; and this year, premiums increased 28 percent and deductibles 26 percent. I submit to you that if you have a health insurance policy with $6,000 in deductibles and copays so high you can’t afford to use your policy, regard-less of the fact that statistics say you are covered, you are not covered. 206,000 South Carolinians have signed up for ObamaCare—4 percent of the population. Ninety-six percent of South Carolinians are not on ObamaCare. Three times as many peo-ple in South Carolina have chosen to pay the mandate penalty rather than to pick up ObamaCare policies. Mr. Speaker, President Obama prom-ised South Carolinians we would have many competitive plans to choose from, but after only 3 years of Obama’s damage to our healthcare system, only one provider remains, and they are threatening to pull out. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. RICE of South Carolina. The CEO of a major hospital in South Carolina stated, the way it is going right now, it is probably going to implode in the next year or two. Our State’s director of insurance, last year, said companies have given their best shot and can’t sustain this business model, can’t make a profit. The Affordable Care Act has not worked, does not work, and cannot work under this structure in South Carolina. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would re-mind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 70,000 people in his congressional district in South Carolina losing their healthcare cov-erage. Mr. Speaker, I now yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. K
IND), who is a thoughtful member of the Ways and Means Committee and lucky enough to have been educated in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, we face a truly historic day today in the United States Congress. For the first time in our Nation’s history, we have a Con-gress working with an administration offering the American people a healthcare reform bill that, instead of reducing the number of uninsured in this country, increases the uninsured by 24 million people, including 431,000 in my home State of Wisconsin. And we understand why. It is a sim-ple explanation. This is a tax cut bill for the most wealthy in the guise of healthcare reform. That is unfortunate because it is a missed opportunity of fixing what isn’t currently working in the healthcare system. If we wanted to be honest with the American people today, we would admit that there are important, good features of the Affordable Care Act that should remain and we should not end. But there are things that need to be fixed, and we have to stay focused on reducing healthcare costs for all Americans. Let’s continue to work on delivery system reform and payment reform so we get better results at a better price. But a bill before us that increases the uninsured by 24 million, that delivers huge tax breaks to the most wealthy, that applies a new older American tax, especially in rural areas like mine in Wisconsin, and that robs money from the Medicare trust fund is not only a missed opportunity, it is bad legisla-tion. I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ We can do better. We must do better. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I remind my good and thoughtful friend that 290,000 Wisconsinites that chose not to get ObamaCare were willing to pay a tax to stay out of a failed healthcare system. I am proud to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ), a new member of our com-mittee who is doing tremendous things in health care. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Amer-ican Health Care Act. Yesterday marked 7 years since the ObamaCare law was signed into law. For 7 years, we have seen the same pat-tern: rising premiums, dwindling op-tions, broken promises, and a col-lapsing system. In the State of Indiana, four insurers left the ObamaCare exchange just this year in the past 3 months, forcing 68,000 Hoosiers to shop for a new plan, making it even harder for them to choose and keep their doctor. But today we have the opportunity to repeal ObamaCare and replace it with a patient-centered system, lowering costs, increasing choices, and providing real protection. This legislation dismantles ObamaCare’s burdensome taxes, man-dates, and the job-killing medical de-vice tax. It gives individuals and families ac-cess to quality, affordable health care through refundable tax credits and ex-panded health savings accounts. It provides resources for States to tailor solutions to the needs of their citizens, protecting women’s health, addressing the opioid crisis. It gives States flexibility to imple-ment innovative reforms. It allows my home State to continue building on its patient-centered Healthy Indiana Plan. It protects patients with preexisting conditions and ensures a stable transi-tion so no one has the rug pulled out from underneath them. With the American Health Care Act, we are delivering on our promise and acting on the policies of President Trump. This bill is just the first step in a three-part effort to repair our Na-tion’s healthcare system. Coupled with administrative actions and additional legislation, the AHCA will lower costs and build a marketplace with real choices instead of a one-size-fits-all plan. Mr. Speaker, 7 years of ObamaCare is long enough. Seven years of families seeing their premiums rise, plans can-celed, and doctors dropped is enough. Today we can deliver on our promise and put our bold solutions into decisive action. The AHCA is a bill 7 years in the making. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting it. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague that her vote for this bill will result in 42,000 people in her congres-sional district in Indiana losing their healthcare coverage and care. I include in the RECORD a letter from Republican Governor Snyder of the State of Michigan raising his concerns about this legislation. 
STATE OF MICHIGAN , E
XECUTIVE OFFICE , Lansing, MI, March 21, 2017. Hon. S
ANDY LEVIN, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE LEVIN: As Congress considers legislation to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act and reform Med-icaid, I want to ensure you are aware of the impact that changes may have on bene-ficiaries in Michigan who rely on these pro-grams for access to care and overall health. I also want to provide my perspective on pri-orities for federal health reform and high-light how they have been utilized at the state level to drive meaningful reform that has increased access to cost-effective care. In its current form, the American Health Care Act (AHCA) shifts significant financial risk and cost from the federal government to states without providing sufficient flexi-bility to manage this additional responsi-bility. The proposed legislation reduces fed-eral resources that our state relies on to as-sist 2.4 million Michiganders enrolled in tra-ditional Medicaid and the Healthy Michigan Plan, our state’s innovative Medicaid expan-sion program. The current federal debate has largely fo-cused on the Medicaid expansion population, including over 650,000 childless adults and parents that are enrolled in the Healthy Michigan Plan. However, half of all children in Michigan are served by traditional Med-icaid each year and roughly 67,000 of them currently reside in your district. Moreover, more than 338,000 individuals with disabil-ities receive their health care and support services through Medicaid and an estimated 22,000 of these individuals reside in your dis-trict. Altogether, there are 1.75 million chil-dren, seniors, pregnant women and disabled individuals served by traditional Medicaid in Michigan, and roughly 119,000 of them reside in your district. As you know, these are our state’s most vulnerable citizens, friends and neighbors. The proposed AHCA will ad-versely impact them. While reforming the nation’s health care system is vital, it is imperative that gains in health coverage and access to care are main-tained. These ideas are not mutually exclu-sive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.074 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2431 March 24, 2017 
In Michigan, innovative approaches to im-proving quality and value are being utilized to support each individuals’ personal respon-sibility for their health. This has resulted in significant reductions of nearly 50% in un-compensated care, a dramatic decrease in the number of individuals using the emer-gency room as a regular source of care, and nearly 85% of enrollees taking part in annual primary or preventive care visits. As drafted, the AHCA would eliminate coverage from the 49,000 individuals enrolled in the Healthy Michigan Plan in your district, as Michigan taxpayers assume responsibility over time for up to $800 million in additional costs. This cost shift will trigger a provision in Michigan law ending the Healthy Michigan program. I believe Medicaid reform is necessary, however, that reform must be approached de-liberately to ensure that state flexibility and innovation are valued, Michigan providers remain strong, and our most vulnerable citi-zens do not fall through the cracks. Ideally, this would be done by removing prescriptive program requirements that require states to seek waivers when implementing innovative ideas. Instead, states would be given per-formance based outcomes with federal in-volvement only when performance is lack-ing. If Congress moves forward in passing the proposed AHCA, which shifts financial risk to state taxpayers, my administration and the Michigan Legislature must possess the flexibility necessary to manage that risk. The Trump Administration may provide ad-ditional flexibility to states, however, I am concerned that federal agencies may encoun-ter limitations in federal statute. Ulti-mately, Michigan cannot rely solely on the promise of future action without seeing all of the tools that will be at our disposal to manage the program. In addition, under the proposed AHCA, I remain concerned about the affordability of insurance coverage in the individual market. I am particularly concerned about the im-pact this legislation may have on older Michiganders who could see significant cost increases. I welcome the opportunity to partner with you to provide greater federal budget pre-dictability and improve health outcomes of Michiganders, which in turn relieves pres-sure on other social programs. I have worked with other Governors to develop a proposal to accomplish these objectives while also preserving coverage for Michiganders, and I hope this can serve as a blueprint for you as we work together to accomplish these goals. I look forward to continuing our partner-ship to help Michiganders lead healthy and productive lives. Sincerely, R
ICKSNYDER , Governor. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ), who is a well- regarded member of the Ways and Means Committee. I think it is fair to say that everybody in this institution looks forward to his time when he gets up to speak. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, the question I get asked is: What the heck were they thinking about? Let me tell you what they are think-ing about. Medicaid is the source of 25 percent of all projected public and pri-vate spending for drug abuse treat-ment. It is about $8 billion. Let’s consider James Suber from my hometown of Paterson, New Jersey. Mr. Suber began seeking treatment when New Jersey expanded its Medi-care program and provided more com-prehensive access to treatment. At least New Jersey got it half right. Each morning Mr. Suber receives treatment at Paterson Counseling Cen-ter, which allows him to go to work as a cleaner at Well of Hope, another treatment center in Paterson serving the homeless. Without the treatment he receives through Medicaid, he wouldn’t be working. He would be using the emer-gency department at St. Joseph’s hos-pital, the most expensive part of the hospital. Or maybe he wouldn’t have survived. So, Mr. Speaker, for the life of me, I don’t understand why we would jeop-ardize treatment for James and the millions of other Americans facing similar challenges. What were they thinking? Will this bill improve Medicaid? Nope. Will this bill increase the number of Americans with health coverage? Nope. Will it lower costs on the exchanges? Nope. Will this bill bolster employer cov-erage? No. Will coverage now provide more ac-cess to care, a promise time and time again by Mr. Trump, himself? No. Will it strengthen Medicare? No. b1445 Mr. Speaker, it is obvious. We know we are trying to change things and make them better. We changed Medicare. We did it to-gether. We changed Medicaid. We did it to-gether. We changed a lot of things together, but you chose the only lonely path. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I remind my good friend from New Jer-sey that 314,000 residents of New Jersey said ‘‘no thank you’’ to ObamaCare be-cause it failed them. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ), a new member of the committee, who dove into this issue with great thoughtful and conscientious work. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of the Amer-ican Health Care Act, and I want to thank the chairman for his leadership on this measure. Mr. Speaker, I came to Washington, D.C., to make a difference. When it comes to health care, it is readily ap-parent that ObamaCare does not work for most Americans. We know for a fact, as we are standing here today, that the current system is collapsing upon itself. Our Nation has endured 7 long years of this mess, and today we have the ob-ligation and the responsibility to act. I have heard many critics of this pro-posal, but I was raised to do what is right, to be a part of the solution, and not sit idly by on my hands as a spec-tator and watch Rome burn. I came to Congress to make a dif-ference, to find solutions to the many issues that vex our country. I came here to reduce the size and scope of an unwieldy government, to get govern-ment out of the way of everyday citi-zens. I came here to address spending, a $20 trillion debt in this country, to bring back free-market principles. I came here to defend the Constitution and our founding principles, and turn power back to the States and to the people. All that said, every single one of these principles can be found in this bill. The American Health Care Act re-duces spending and cuts the taxes that have strangled businesses and individ-uals for the last 7 years. It represents the first real entitlement reform in the 52-year history of Medicaid. It deletes Federal mandates that rob citizens of their individual liberty. Mr. Speaker, this bill may not be per-fect, but it is a dramatic step in the right direction. And before I am lec-tured as to unsubstantiated facts and fear tactics as to how this is going to impact my State, I would suggest to you that 420,000 Michiganders eligible for Medicare said ‘‘thanks, but no thanks’’ to the broken promise of af-fordable health care. And that is why, Mr. Speaker, I am going to vote for this bill, and I would ask my colleagues to support it. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would re-mind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 38,200 people from his congressional district in Michigan losing their healthcare cov-erage, and 313,123 people in the State of Michigan, indeed, did sign up for the Affordable Care Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROW-
LEY), a long-time friend, a very sound member of the committee, and also the well-regarded chairman of the Demo-cratic Caucus. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, this bill is a bad policy built on horrible proc-ess. Twenty-four million Americans will lose their coverage if this bill be-comes law. Premiums and out-of-pock-et expenses will skyrocket, especially for older Americans because of the age tax, as hardworking Americans are forced to subsidize tax cuts for the wealthy. It is no wonder this bill was crafted in the dead of night behind closed doors. It is so bad, even Members of the Republican Party are rejecting this bill, but President Trump and Repub-lican leadership insisted they need to repeal ObamaCare at any cost, even if the price will be making health care out of reach for veterans, for seniors, and many of the hardest-working Americans. So the majority made it worse, and then they made it worse again. Now they have taken away the bare min-imum requirements for insurance like covering emergency room visits or pre-scription drugs. It will crush any pro-tections for preexisting conditions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.033 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2432 March 24, 2017 
There is no guarantee the treatment you need for your condition will even be covered under this bill. Image that: healthcare coverage that doesn’t cover your health. Insurance that insures ab-solutely no peace of mind for what life may bring you. This body blow to critical health pro-tections was done just to win votes, like so many of the other provisions and political favors, like the Empire State kickback, the Buffalo bribe, and the Syracuse sellout. I call it simply a political ploy. That provision, which will cut $2 bil-lion from only New York State, has been blasted by newspapers from The Buffalo News to Newsday on Long Is-land. They have called it a train wreck. They have called it bloody money. Like everything else in this bill, it rep-resents the worst kind of backroom, shady maneuvering. This bill is bad for New York, bad for the democratic system, and bad for America. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle should be ashamed of themselves. I know many of you are. But this bill is appalling, and I urge ev-eryone in this Chamber to vote it down. And, Mr. Chairman, I know that 2.7 million New Yorkers will lose their health care if this bill becomes law. Mr. BRADY of Texas. I remind my friend from New York, nearly four out of five New Yorkers said no to ObamaCare because it failed them. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING), my dear friend. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for yield-ing to me. Seven years ago today, I brought the first repeal of ObamaCare here to this Congress. Forty words, to rip it out by the roots as if such act had never been enacted. I would like to be here today passing the full repeal of ObamaCare. We are not, but this is the first bite at the repeal apple in a process to hope-fully get all of this thing done in one day. If I thought we could do it all in one bite, I would stand for that, but in-stead, here is what we have got. We have got a $1 trillion tax cut. We have got a $1.15 trillion spending cut. We have got a $150 billion deficit reduc-tion. We have got a bill that eliminates the employer mandate, eliminates the individual mandate, and it eliminates Federal mandates in the essential health benefits package of those 10 mandates—that I despise, by the way. It expands health savings accounts— doubles them—it allows for us to pass selling insurance across State lines, and it enables catastrophic health in-surance. That is a pretty good list, and that is the list of things that I am going to support here when this goes up for a vote. Mr. Speaker, I urge its adoption. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 40,900 people from his congres-sional district in Iowa losing healthcare coverage. I also want to thank the gentleman for being the first speaker on the Republican side to ac-knowledge that this is a tax cut. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Chicago, Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS), a distinguished mem-ber of the Ways and Means Committee and my friend. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this draconian, Dracula-inspired health bill. It is not really a health bill at all. As a matter of fact, it is a tax cut for the wealthiest individuals in our coun-try. This bill will decimate all of the public health gains that professional health personnel and activists have fought for the last 50 years. This bill will take out the oppor-tunity for those low- and moderate-in-come individuals who fall between the gap created by Medicaid and nothing. They are the least of those in our soci-ety. And when you take away health care for that group of individuals, his-tory will not regard you well. I believe that the best way to meas-ure the effectiveness of a society is by how well it treats its young, how well it treats its old, and how well it treats those who have difficulty caring for themselves. I will vote ‘‘no.’’ I urge us all to do so. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I remind my good friend from Illinois, half a million Illinoisans have said no to ObamaCare because it failed them. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. S
A´NCHEZ ), the vice chair of the Democratic Caucus, and a very strong performer on the Ways and Means Committee. Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the Republican’s so-called healthcare bill. It pains me to even call it a healthcare bill because it is actually a massive tax cut for insurance CEOs that provides nearly zero healthcare benefits for the American people. In fact, TrumpCare ensures that 24 million Americans will lose their health insurance coverage. Seniors will be charged more, and insurance compa-nies will once again dictate the health of the American people. On the very day that the majority tax cuts for the rich come into effect, on January 1, 2018, at least 40,000 of my own constitu-ents would immediately lose their health care. But that is not all. The Republican idea of health coverage will leave mil-lions of Americans without the basic health services that they expect and that they deserve. That means that the monthly premium you pay won’t cover all of the services you will need to get better if you get sick. The Republican healthcare plan won’t cover your emer-gency room visit, the X-rays, or even the prescription drugs you need to re-cover. Heaven forbid if you need prenatal or pediatric care, too. Basically, under this plan, one illness is enough to bankrupt a family for a lifetime. If you asked anyone on the street, no one in America would call this health insur-ance. Yet, my Republican colleagues hail this as choice—the choice to go bankrupt if you get sick or, God forbid, have an accident. So, Mr. Speaker, I have to ask: How many Republicans are left who actu-ally support the bill? Who wants to kick thousands of people off of Med-icaid, reduce care for the disabled, and strip children of their health care be-cause that is exactly what you are going to do if you vote for this bill. It does the exact opposite of what you, your party, and President Trump have promised the American people. This bill doesn’t provide better, cheaper health care for everyone. And guess what? Everybody knows that. By voting for this bill, you will literally force millions of Americans to pay more for less and jeopardize the health of our country for generations. So if you vote to break all of the promises you made to the American people, then you are going to own it, and you are going to be responsible for whatever happens. Vote down this bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ala-bama (Ms. SEWELL ), a valued member of the Ways and Means Committee. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, for 7 years, our Republican col-leagues have railed against the Afford-able Care Act, but is this the best they can offer now: TrumpCare? The Repub-lican bill, TrumpCare, is a bad deal for Americans, and it is a bad deal for Ala-bamians. By every matrix, cost, coverage, and care, it is a bad deal. On cost, TrumpCare will cost more and give us less. For Alabama hospitals, TrumpCare will mean a $97 million in-crease in uncompensated cost care, and it is an age tax for seniors. Seniors will pay five times more than the young for their health insurance. On coverage, TrumpCare will mean 24 million Americans and 243,000 Alabam-ians will lose their healthcare cov-erage. On quality of care, TrumpCare will mean that essential benefits will be lost: essential benefits like rehabili-tative care, mental health, and preven-tive services. Mr. Speaker, what is clear, TrumpCare is not a healthcare bill. It is a tax-cut-for-the-wealthy bill—$600 billion in tax cuts. So I say to you, my Republican colleagues know what they are against, the Affordable Care Act. But what are they for? What are they for? I ask all of you. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, might I in-quire as to how much time remains? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 5
3⁄4 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.078 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2433 March 24, 2017 
minutes remaining under this com-mittee time allocation. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. C
HU), a new member on the Ways and Means Committee, and a very thoughtful Member of Congress. b1500 Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, my constituent Patty never had to worry about health care. Her husband had insurance through his job. But last year, Patty’s husband passed away suddenly. Overnight, Patty found herself without health coverage for herself and her 20-year-old son, who had a preexisting condition. Even though she was grieving over the sudden loss of her husband, Patty couldn’t afford COBRA and had less than a month to find health care for her family. Thank goodness she was able to get coverage through the ACA. Under TrumpCare, Patty could have her life upended all over again. Patty is 62 years old, and TrumpCare would cause premiums for people over 60 to increase by more than $6,000 a year, making insurance unaffordable. And under the age tax created in this bill, insurance companies could charge Patty five times as much as a young person. She could see skyrocketing costs for her hypertension and doctor’s visits. TrumpCare is a bad deal for Ameri-cans like Patty. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote a resounding ‘‘no’’ to this down-right cruel bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, this so- called health bill is actually just most-ly targeted for tax cuts for the wealthi-est among us. Let’s look at it this way: a million-aire will get a $30,000-a-year tax cut. A 64-year-old senior who earns $30,000 a year—that is all he earns, just the tax cut the millionaire gets—they will see their premium go from $1,700 a year, to $15,000 a year. That is half their in-come. They are going to have a choice: give up their house so they can buy health insurance or don’t buy health insur-ance, pray you don’t have a health emergency, and go bankrupt or die. Those are great choices. This says a lot about the values of the Republican leadership and their ob-session. Instead of fixing the problems with the Affordable Care Act, they want to kill it. It says a lot about their values. They are pathetic. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ). Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the so- called American Health Care Act. I am alarmed at the real consequences this bill will have on rural Arizona and rural America. These communities will be dispropor-tionately harmed by this bill. In Coconino County, a 40-year-old making $30,000 a year will go from a $2,400 pay-ment to a $6,000 payment. Getting away from my script for a second, I spent many years on the west side of Chicago looking at what the core side of poverty looks like night after night, family after family, in our cities and our towns in this wonderful America. I know a little bit about math, and I know that 20 million peo-ple insured is better than 24 million people uninsured. Please vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. COHEN ). Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, this is not a healthcare bill. This is a wealth care bill. Unfortunately, President Trump, when he spoke in Louisville, said we had to pass this bill to get the big tax cuts. It is about wealth care. It is the Ebenezer Scrooge law of this Congress. The insurance you will get with the amendments made will be as worthless as the degree from Trump University. We do not need wealth care, but we need health care. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. In closing, I want to make sure the people of America understand what we are doing here in about 1 hour. We heard during the course of a Presi-dential campaign the promise that ev-erything was going to be covered and we would be tired of winning. If winning means that 24 million Americans are going to lose their healthcare coverage, if winning means imposing an age tax on seniors, if win-ning means higher out-of-pocket costs for working Americans, and if winning means robbing $75 billion from the Medicare trust fund, we don’t want to be part of that victory lap. This isn’t about one person making up alternative facts. Our statements today have been based upon the CBO, the National Rural Health Association, the American Medical Association, the American Association of Retired Per-sons, and the March of Dimes. This bill has fewer covered, weaker protections, and higher costs. Let’s call this what it is today; it is a $1 trillion tax cut for the richest amongst us. The Republicans are now facing the art of the ordeal. They have a bad plan, and they know it. They have scrambled for the last week to try to figure out how to stitch it together, and it hasn’t worked. For those across this country, think of the following: no maternity care, fewer hospital visits, no mental health services for those families who are struggling with a family member who has an opiate addiction, which is the crisis of our time. This is more of the same: tax cuts for the wealthiest amongst us and healthcare cuts for everyone else. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, do you want to know how bad ObamaCare is? Twice as many Americans have ex-empted themselves, have paid a fine, or found another way out of ObamaCare for everyone who took it. I am a conservative, and I am proud of the conservative win in this bill. I am proud of the $1 trillion in tax relief on our small businesses, our patients, and our families. I am proud of the more than $1 trillion of spending cuts that Washington cannot afford nor sus-tain. I am proud of the first reforms in Medicaid since the program was cre-ated in giving States back control of that plan, including the option of a work requirement. I am proud to repeal ObamaCare mandates that have forced Americans into health care they can’t afford and don’t want. I am proud to defund Planned Parenthood once and for all. And I am proud of the $150 billion of deficit reduction. This is a clear choice, and we will stand where we stand today: the choice between President Trump and more freedom or ObamaCare and less free-dom. I stand with President Trump. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I include in the R
ECORD a letter dated March 7, 2017, from Dr. Thomas Price, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, who sent a letter of support for the American Health Care Act to Chairmen Walden and Brady. 
THESECRETARY OF  H
EALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES , Washington, DC, March 7, 2017. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy & Commerce, Washington, DC. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways & Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN AND CHAIRMAN  B
RADY : On behalf of the Trump Administra-tion, I am writing in support of the reconcili-ation recommendations recently released for consideration by your Committees. To-gether, they align with the President’s goal of rescuing Americans from the failures of the Affordable Care Act. These proposals offer patient-centered solutions that will provide all Americans with access to afford-able, quality healthcare, promote innova-tion, and offer peace of mind for those with pre-existing conditions. Your legislative proposals are consistent with the President’s commitment to repeal the Affordable Care Act; provide advanceable, refundable tax credits for Americans who do not already receive such tax benefits through health insurance offered by their employers; put Medicaid on a sus-tainable path and remove burdensome re-quirements in the program to better target 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\MARCH\H24MR7.REC H24MR7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2434 March 24, 2017 
resources to those most in need; empower pa-tients and put healthcare dollars and deci-sions back into their hands by expanding the use of health savings accounts; ensure a sta-ble transition away from the Affordable Care Act; and protect people with pre-existing conditions. Achieving all of the President’s goals to re-form healthcare will require more than what is possible in a budget reconciliation bill, as procedural rules on this type of legislation prevent inclusion of key policies such as sell-ing insurance across state lines, lowering drug costs for patients, providing additional flexibility in Medicaid for states to manage their programs in a way that best serves their most vulnerable citizens, or medical legal reforms. Your proposals represent a necessary and important first step toward fulfilling our promises to the American peo-ple. We look forward to working with you throughout the legislative process, making necessary technical and appropriate changes, and ensuring eventual arrival of this impor-tant bill on the President’s desk. Yours truly, T
HOMAS E. P RICE, M.D., Secretary. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a letter that comes from 24 of our Governors in support of the repeal of ObamaCare, and I would like to read just two quick paragraphs out of the letter: ‘‘We support efforts to Reform the system. ‘‘To provide access to affordable and quality health care, we must reform the system. We support a plan that gives state governments maximum flexibility to reform Medicaid and the system surrounding it. The states are more effective, more efficient and more accountable to the people. What works in one state may not work in another location, and true reform will allow states to recognize and meet the unique needs of the people all across America. ‘‘We recognize that a vote in the House of Representatives is the first step in the Repeal, Replace and Reform process. The members of the United States Senate will undoubtedly make additional improvements before final approval by the President. We also rec-ognize that the Secretary of Health and Human Services is committed to working with state leaders to provide maximum flexibility for true reform.’’ 
MARCH 24, 2017. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR LEADER MCCONNELL AND SPEAKER  R
YAN: Thank you for your service to our country. Please allow us to offer our thoughts about the pending vote on the American Health Care Act. Americans want personalized, patient-centered healthcare that treats them as individuals not a sta-tistic, and that demands we repeal Obamacare, replace it, and reform the sys-tem. 
WE SUPPORT THE REPEAL OF OBAMACARE  Obamacare is collapsing. If we do nothing, people will lose access to health care cov-erage. As it stands now, one-third of the counties nationwide have only a single insur-ance carrier. Americans in these areas have essentially no choices, while they watch their premiums rise dramatically. The Con-gressional Budget Office estimates that 28 million Americans will lose coverage over the next decade if changes are not made to the Affordable Care Act. As the Affordable Care Act continues to deteriorate, and as insurance premiums sky-rocket across the nation, opposition to this failed policy grows. Governor Mark Dayton (D–MN) said, ‘‘the Affordable Care Act is no longer affordable.’’ Similarly, Bill Clinton called ObamaCare, ‘‘. . . the craziest thing in the world.’’, adding that people ‘‘wind up with their premiums doubled and their cov-erage cut in half.’’ The President and Con-gress must act now to repeal the Affordable Care Act to protect the citizens we serve in the states. WE SUPPORT EFFORTS TO REPLACE OBAMACARE  Most Americans receive their health insur-ance coverage through their employer or through Medicare. These individuals will not see a direct change from the repeal of Obamacare. For those Americans who do not receive coverage through their employer, Medicare or Medicaid, we support a refund-able tax credit they can use to obtain afford-able health care coverage within the market-place. 
WE SUPPORT EFFORTS TO REFORM THE SYSTEM  To provide access to affordable and quality health care, we must reform the system. We support a plan that gives state governments maximum flexibility to reform Medicaid and the system surrounding it. The states are more effective, more efficient and more ac-countable to the people. What works in one state may not work in another location, and true reform will allow states to recognize and meet the unique needs of people all across America. We recognize that a vote in the House of Representatives is the first step in the Re-peal, Replace and Reform process. The mem-bers of the United States Senate will un-doubtedly make additional improvements before final approval by the President. We also recognize that the Secretary of Health and Human Services is committed to work-ing with state leaders to provide maximum flexibility for true reform. Governors are pleased to have an adminis-tration and a Congress willing to collaborate with the states to address the legitimate needs of our people. We have compassion for those concerned about the uncertainty sur-rounding the changes. This is why it is im-perative that the Congress act quickly on Repeal, Replace and Reform. This is a multi-stage process. There is much more work to be done, and process can only begin with a vote in the House of Rep-resentatives. With this in mind, we humbly request that you vote to repeal and replace Obamacare and to reform the system going forward. Thank you. Sincerely, Governor Scott Walker, Wisconsin; Gov-ernor Robert Bentley, Alabama; Governor Rick Scott, Florida; Governor C.L. ‘‘Butch’’ Otter, Idaho; Governor Eric Holcomb, Indi-ana; Governor Terry E. Branstad, Iowa; Gov-ernor Sam Brownback, Kansas; Governor Matt Bevin, Kentucky; Governor Paul R. LePage, Maine; Governor Phil Bryant, Mis-sissippi; Governor Eric R. Greitens, Missouri; Governor Pete Ricketts, Nebraska; Governor Christopher T. Sununu, New Hampshire; Governor Doug Burgum, North Dakota; Gov-ernor Ralph Torres, Northern Mariana Is-lands; Governor Mary Fallin, Oklahoma; Governor Henry McMaster, South Carolina; Governor Dennis Daugaard, South Dakota; Governor Bill Haslam, Tennessee; Governor Gary R. Herbert, Utah; Governor Matthew H. Mead, Wyoming. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a list of groups sup-portive of the American Health Care Act. We have many groups, from con-servative groups to pro-life groups, to industry groups; and among those would be several insurance providers, such as Blue Cross Blue Shield, An-them, and others. 
GROUPS SUPPORTIVE OF THE AMERICAN  H
EALTH CAREACT 
CONSERVATIVES  American Legislative Exchange Council Americans for Tax Reform Association of Mature American Citizens Center of the American Experiment Citizens Against Government Waste Independent Women’s Voice Institute for Liberty Log Cabin Republicans Market Institute National Taxpayers Union—Key Vote Obamacare Repeal Coalition Six Degrees Project Small Business & Entrepreneurship Coun-cil Taxpayers Protection Alliance 
PRO-LIFE GROUPS  American Center for Law and Justice Catholic Medical Association Concerned Women for America Faith & Freedom Coalition—Key Vote National Right to Life—Key Vote Susan B. Anthony List 
INDUSTRY  Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed) America’s Health Insurance Plans (AHIP) American Benefits Council American Builders and Contractors American College of Cardiology American Supply Association Anthem Insurance Associated General Contractors of Amer-ica—Key Vote Blue Cross Blue Shield Consumer Healthcare Products Association Corporate Health Care Coalition Employers Council on Flexible Compensa-tion ERISA Industry Committee (ERIC) Food Marketing Institute Health Leadership Council HSA Council International Franchise Association (IFA) Medical Device Manufacturers Association (MDMA) National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) National Association of Wholesale Distributers (NAW)—Key Vote National Business Group on Health National Club Association National Council of Chain Restaurants National Federation of Independent Busi-nesses—Key Vote National Grocers Association National Restaurants Association National Retail Federation—Key Vote National Roofing Contractors Association One Nation Health Self-Insurance Institute of America, Inc. The Association of Chief Human Resource Officers (HR Policy) US Chamber of Commerce—Key Vote 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ), the chair of the Fi-nancial Services Committee. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, tragically, I receive correspondence every week like this. I heard from Rita in east Texas, who writes me: 
Since ObamaCare took effect, my insur-ance no longer covers my colonoscopies as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.032 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2435 March 24, 2017 
preventative care. I now pay $1,000 and more out of pocket versus $100 outpatient fee. 
I heard from Frances in the Dallas area near where I live. A few years ago she was tragically diagnosed with ton-sil cancer. The good news is she had a good policy; $600-a-month premium and a maximum out of pocket of $3,500. But thanks to ObamaCare, her insurance company dropped her twice, and she wrote: 
They dropped me again because they are leaving the Dallas market. 
Her premiums and deductibles dou-bled. She lost her oncologist, and she writes that this is all because of ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act. I heard from Tonya in Van Zandt County, in my district: 
We had five family members covered by in-surance at around $800 a month until ObamaCare. Our insurance premiums sky-rocketed to $1,500 a month, equivalent to a house payment, with a $15,000 deductible, and we cannot see the doctors that know our medical history. Repeal it. I should not be forced to pay for something I cannot use. This has been a nightmare. 
Mr. Speaker, ObamaCare has been a nightmare. It is collapsing as we speak. People are losing their coverages. In-surance plans are pulling out of States and counties. Tens of millions of our fellow countrymen have been forced to buy health insurance plans they cannot afford, they do not want, and that do not work for them. Right here, right now, we have a choice: failed ObamaCare or the Amer-ican Health Care Act that begins the process of providing Americans with guaranteed access to quality, afford-able, patient-centered health care. It clearly advances the cause of free-dom, and all Members should support it and end the nightmare of ObamaCare. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I be al-lowed to manage the balance of the time remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, as we talk about the Af-fordable Care Act, I think it is impor-tant to remind ourselves of the situa-tion before it passed: costs were going through the roof, those with pre-existing conditions could not get insur-ance, women were paying more than men, and every year millions of people were losing their insurance. We passed the Affordable Care Act. Since then, the costs have continued to go up, but at the lowest rate in 50 years. Those with preexisting condi-tions can get insurance at the standard rate. Women are no longer paying more than men. Instead of millions of people losing their insurance every year, more than 20 million more people now have insurance. The full name of the Affordable Care Act is the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. Now your coverage can’t be canceled if your insurance company decides that it has paid too much. Preventive serv-ices, such as cancer screenings, are free with no copays and deductibles. We are closing the doughnut hole. Those under 26 can stay on their parents’ policies. We also funded community health centers, made investments in edu-cation to produce more doctors, nurses, and other professionals. Through all of that, the Medicare trust fund is more solvent than it was before. Still, the law is not perfect. But if we are going to make any changes, we ought to improve the law, not make it worse. Incredibly this bill makes it worse. Now, the CBO has separated promises and press releases from reality. Twen-ty-four million fewer people will have insurance, and the Republicans call this choice in freedom to be uninsured. Most everybody else will pay more and get fewer benefits. All of those con-sequences will occur if the proposal ac-tually works. b1515 A number of States have done what this bill tries to do, and that is cover people with preexisting conditions without universal coverage. All of those attempts failed. So the question we must ask is: Who will be better off if this bill passes? Certainly not older people who will face the bill’s age tax. Certainly not veterans who will lose benefits. Cer-tainly not senior citizens in nursing homes and people with disabilities be-cause Medicaid is cut. Even the sol-vency of the Medicare trust fund will be worse. But millionaires will get tax cuts. Mr. Speaker, we have been hearing a lot of complaints and shortcomings about the Affordable Care Act, but if we are going to make any changes, we should improve it. Unfortunately, this bill makes things worse: 24 million will lose their insurance, most everybody else will pay more and get less. This bill should be defeated. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE ), the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I want to tell you why I am supporting this legislation, the American Health Care Act. Kaye, from Roanoke, contacted me about President Obama’s promise that she could keep her health care. She shared that she received a letter from her insurer stating that her policy was going to increase by $600 per month— increase by $600 per month. Since she wasn’t of age to be on Medicare but wasn’t working because she was at home caring for her sick husband, she was frustrated with her situation. Kaye couldn’t afford the extra money she owed on top of the bills for her hus-band’s medical treatment. She told me: ‘‘So I will now have to pay the fine, drop my insurance, and hope I do not get sick.’’ I told Kay I would vote to repeal and replace ObamaCare. A nurse from Warren County wrote to me: ‘‘The care that I give my pa-tients is founded on their ability to choose their course of care. We advo-cate every day for our patients to have more choices in their care, and it will be very painful for us to deny them those options and to deny them care.’’ She asked me to stand against ObamaCare, and I told her I would. Susan, from Bedford County, told me her health insurance premium in-creased 156 percent and her deductible increased 766 percent in just 2 years. She asked how we could make her pay such high rates. I told Susan I would vote to repeal ObamaCare. Mr. Speaker, I told my constituents that I would stand for them to repeal this law that has hurt their ability to get the affordable care they want and need. Passing the American Health Care Act is the first step in repealing ObamaCare and replacing it with solu-tions that put patients first. I urge my fellow Members to support this bill. ObamaCare has failed far too many in the Sixth District of Virginia. The status quo cannot continue. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I remind my distinguished colleague from Virginia that his vote for this bill will result in 56,100 more people from his congressional district in Virginia losing health care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from the Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ). Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I oppose the American Health Care Act because it fails to increase coverage for 3.8 mil-lion Americans in the insular areas: American Samoa, Guam, the U.S. Vir-gin Islands, Puerto Rico, and my own district, the Mariana Islands. President Trump promised, ‘‘Everybody’s going to be taken care of much better than they’re taken care of now,’’ but that is not happening. In-stead of taking the opportunity to take care of all Americans, the American Health Care Act ignores the insular areas: We are not included in the new Med-icaid per capita funding proposal. As a matter of fact, in a year, we would see our Medicare funding reduced by 68 percent. We are not included in the new Pa-tient and State Stability Fund. And the new tax credit for insurance pre-miums is actually a new cost, an un-funded Federal mandate, imposed by Congress on territorial governments. Everyone in this Chamber wants af-fordable, quality health care for all Americans. This bill fails to do that. So let us begin again. Let us work to-gether on legislation to reach the goal the President has set and many of us share: insurance for everyone, not just the rich. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.085 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2436 March 24, 2017 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN). Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to re-peal ObamaCare by supporting the American Health Care Act. We are here to take health care back from the bu-reaucrats and give it to the people. The previous administration enacted ObamaCare, and we saw its effects: higher premiums, less choice, lost cov-erage, and broken promises. The deductibles are so high it is like not having insurance at all. The people who sent me to Congress sent me with strict orders: End this law. And on the American Health Care Act, I can report, it does. With this bill, the Federal Govern-ment no longer forces you to buy a product you can’t use and don’t want. The individual mandate is gone, so is the job-killing employer mandate. Gone are a host of taxes on prescrip-tion meds, over-the-counter drugs, in-surance premiums, and lifesaving med-ical devices. It ends ObamaCare’s Medicaid expan-sion, and it puts Medicaid on a budget and focuses State efforts on those peo-ple truly in need. This is the biggest entitlement reform in a generation. Of course the bill is not perfect. There is more to do. But I spent 30 years as a surgeon. In medicine, as in life, you do not get to choose the per-fect option. You learn not to make per-fect the enemy of great. With this vote we decide whether ObamaCare is our healthcare future or not. We can live with its failures and broken promises or create a market- based system that actually lowers the cost of health care and serves patients, not bureaucrats. So I support the American Health Care Act, Mr. Speaker, and I urge that all Members do the same. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 63,900 people from his congressional district in Flor-ida losing healthcare coverage and care. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, in a few minutes, the American people will see clearly what each and every Mem-ber of this House is made of. Will we vote to willfully strip healthcare cov-erage for 24 million Americans, older Americans, working Americans, Ameri-cans with chronic illness and develop-mental disabilities and now, incred-ibly, we even know, Americans who wore the uniform of this Nation? In a few minutes, we will see who will vote to raid the Medicare trust fund in order to cut Medicare taxes for the rich, and we will see who will vote to cut Medicaid’s coverage for patients struggling with the curse of opioid ad-diction. Mr. Speaker, this is not just a vote. This is a gut check of who we are as people and whether our purpose, as elected officials, is to serve the public interest or, rather, feckless special in-terests. Show the Nation that we care more about people than politics, that we care more about the long arc of Amer-ican history toward justice rather than the short news cycle of who is up and who is down in Washington. Make no mistake: History is watch-ing this vote. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ), who is a family practitioner and knows a little about medicine. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, as a practicing physician in the Louisiana and Mississippi delta, I have some of the best patients, but some of the poor-est. They can’t afford to see me be-cause they can’t afford ObamaCare, in-creased costs, skyrocketing premiums, high deductibles. I can’t cure a disease if I can’t see the patient. The cost is just too high for ObamaCare. We have heard about Medicaid expan-sion here today. That is a second-class insurance for first-class people. I can’t get my patients to see a specialist. They have to go to the hospital. They have to go to the emergency room. Prices go through the roof. I have heard my colleagues on the other side of the aisle reference the Hippocratic Oath. With all due respect, I don’t think they would know what the Hippocratic Oath says if their life depended on it. Guess what? It does. Google it. Let me educate you. Let me educate our colleagues. It says I will always seek a path to a cure for all diseases. ObamaCare will not let me do that. We have got to do better. We cannot cram people into a healthcare system that has failed just so politicians can thump their chest and have some type of mysterious victory that is hollow and very, very small. We need to pass this American Health Care Act. ObamaCare has failed. It is a sham of an insurance. Americans deserve better. We deserve better as Americans. My patients deserve better. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in 51,700 people in his district losing their coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from the American Academy of Family Physicians, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American College of Physicians, the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gyne-cologists, and the American Osteo-pathic Association in opposition to the legislation. 
[From the American Academy of Family Physicians, American Academy of Pediat-rics, American College of Physicians, The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, American Osteopathic As-sociation, Mar. 7, 2017] A
MERICA ’SFRONT LINEPHYSICIANS EXPRESS  S
ERIOUS CONCERNS WITH THE AMERICAN  H
EALTH CAREACT W
ASHINGTON , DC—After the release of the two budget reconciliation bills today, the physician leaders of our organizations, rep-resenting over 500,000 physicians and medical students, visited with members of the House of Representatives to urge that they ‘‘First, do no harm’’ to our patients by rolling back key coverage, benefits and consumer protec-tions as required under current law, includ-ing the Affordable Care Act. We are con-cerned that by rushing to a mark-up tomor-row in the Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means Committees, there will be insuffi-cient time to obtain non-partisan estimates of this legislation’s impact by the Congres-sional Budget Office, or for medical organi-zations like ours and other key stakeholders in the health care community to offer sub-stantive input on the bill. During our meetings with members of the House of Representatives today, we shared our joint principles for health care reform. They reflect our collective expertise, and represent the health care needs patients present to our members every day. We urge Representatives to utilize these principles to evaluate any legislation to modify current law, and ensure that patients and providers are not adversely affected. While each of our organizations individually are still reviewing the changes proposed by the American Health Care Act, released just hours ago, we share a concern that it will not meet our principles because it will likely result in less access to coverage and higher costs for mil-lions of patients. We urge House Speaker Paul Ryan (R–WI) and the chairs of these two committees to reconsider the decision to move forward with mark-up, and instead allow the time needed for a thorough review of the bill to ensure that it meets our overarching principle, ‘‘First, do no harm’’ to patients. ABOUT THE AMERICAN ACADEMY OF FAMILY  
PHYSICIANS  Founded in 1947, the AAFP represents 124,900 physicians and medical students na-tionwide. It is the only medical society de-voted solely to primary care. Family physi-cians conduct approximately one in five of-fice visits—that’s 192 million visits annually or 48 percent more than the next most vis-ited medical specialty. Today, family physi-cians provide more care for America’s under-served and rural populations than any other medical specialty. Family medicine’s corner-stone is an ongoing, personal patient-physi-cian relationship focused on integrated care. To learn more about the specialty of family medicine, the AAFP’s positions (5 page PDF) on issues and clinical care, and for downloadable multi-media highlighting fam-ily medicine, visit www.aafp.org/media. For information about health care, health condi-tions and wellness, please visit the AAFP’s award-winning consumer website, www.FamilyDoctor.org (www.family doctor.org). 
ABOUT THE AMERICAN ACADEMY OF PEDIATRICS  The American Academy of Pediatrics is an organization of 66,000 primary care pediatri-cians, pediatric medical subspecialists and pediatric surgical specialists dedicated to the health, safety and well-being of infants, children, adolescents and young adults. For more information, visit www.aap.org and fol-low us on Twitter @AmerAcadPeds. 
ABOUT THE AMERICAN COLLEGE OF PHYSICIANS  The American College of Physicians is the largest medical specialty organization in the United States. ACP members include 148,000 internal medicine physicians (internists), re-lated subspecialists, and medical students. Internal medicine physicians are specialists who apply scientific knowledge and clinical expertise to the diagnosis, treatment, and compassionate care of adults across the spec-trum from health to complex illness. Follow ACP on Twitter and Facebook. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K24MR7.086 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2437 March 24, 2017 
ABOUT THE AMERICAN CONGRESS OF  
OBSTETRICIANS AND GYNECOLOGISTS  The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (The College), a 501(c)(3) orga-nization, is the nation’s leading group of physicians providing health care for women. As a private, voluntary, nonprofit member-ship organization of more than 57,000 mem-bers. The College strongly advocates for quality health care for women, maintains the highest standards of clinical practice and continuing education of its members, pro-motes patient education, and increases awareness among its members and the public of the changing issues facing women’s health care. The American Congress of Obstetri-cians and Gynecologists (ACOG), a 501(c)(6) organization, is its companion. 
ABOUT THE AMERICAN OSTEOPATHIC  
ASSOCIATION  The American Osteopathic Association (AOA) represents more than 129,000 osteo-pathic physicians (DOs) and osteopathic medical students; promotes public health; encourages scientific research; serves as the primary certifying body for DOs; and is the accrediting agency for osteopathic medical schools. Visit DoctorsThatDo.org to learn more about osteopathic medicine. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. F
UDGE ). Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, what is a life worth? What does it cost to save the life of a sick child or a senior cit-izen? For all of the rhetoric about freedom and choices, this bill sends a clear mes-sage to every American as to where Re-publican priorities lie. Tax breaks to the wealthy have been deemed more valuable than lifesaving care. They are telling hardworking fami-lies that insurance that only benefits the wealthy, the healthy, and the young is more important than access to nursing homes, to pediatric care, mental health services, substance abuse treatment, and the overall peace of mind that, if you get sick, you can afford care. Speaker R
YAN calls this ‘‘an act of mercy.’’ This is by no means merciful, Mr. Speaker. Mercy is caring for the sick, the poor, for our elders. Mercy is extending a hand to those in need. This is heartless. Human decency demands a ‘‘no’’ vote on TrumpCare. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ), the chairman of the Agriculture Committee. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, we are faced with an unenviable choice of the fact that there is infinite demand for health care. There is no top on the amount of healthcare cost necessary to provide all the health care that we want for everybody in this country, and we have limited resources within which to do that. The real question is: Does ObamaCare take up that task by ask-ing government to make those hard choices, or do we as individuals and families and caregivers make those harder choices for ourselves? I believe that the bill that we will get to vote on today moves us toward that direction. This isn’t about health care, per se; this is about how do you pay for it. Insurance is not a magic bullet any-where across the spectrum. Insurance is simply a scheme in which we risk- manage together. We put a certain amount of money into a bucket, as-suming not all of us will suffer the risks that we want to cover. If we do, we have got to put more money in; if we don’t, then the system works. This is about having to confront that choice that there is way too much cost for the amount of resources that are available in any of these cir-cumstances, and it is hard. Many of my constituents ask: Why did Republicans spend 6 years railing against ObamaCare and not have the fix available on Inauguration Day? Well, this is Exhibit A. This is hard stuff. Even among Republicans, we have got more than 218 votes among us, and we can’t agree among ourselves necessarily what ought to go forward. But I do know this, that we are down to the final choice: Do we keep ObamaCare and the failure that is con-fronting us and will continue to be there, or do we take a chance on mov-ing toward something different, mov-ing toward freedom, moving toward choice, giving States back the oppor-tunity to decide for their indigent pop-ulation how they should take care of them? I don’t think anybody in Washington, D.C., can come up with a plan that fixes that for all 50 States. I trust my colleagues in Austin to make that hap-pen far better than anybody I would trust in D.C., and this bill moves that direction, and that is the right direc-tion for us to go. This is a hard choice, but for me it is relatively straightforward. You keep ObamaCare with a ‘‘no’’ vote. You move toward a brighter future for health care in this country and the way we pay for it, who pays for it, and how we get that done by a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I en-courage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleague that his vote for this bill will result in making things worse by 58,600 people in his district losing their healthcare coverage and care. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
IL-
SON). Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by asking my Re-publican colleagues one simple ques-tion: Don’t you have constituents who get sick and need insurance? Everyone gets sick, rich and poor, Black and White, men, women, and children. Having insurance gives us peace of mind. It helps ensure that a medical crisis is not exacerbated by a financial crisis. It often makes a difference be-tween life and death. If the Affordable Care Act is repealed, your constituents and millions of people will be kicked off the insurance roll, and that is a shame. They will suffer, and their fam-ilies will suffer. I have health insurance, and so does every Member of Congress. We even have a clinic and doctors at our dis-posal right here in this Capitol. Doesn’t every American deserve the same treatment as Members of Con-gress? Instead of moving backwards, Repub-licans should partner with Democrats to amend and strengthen the existing law. By working together, we can cre-ate a plan that works for all Ameri-cans, not just the Members of Con-gress. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Vote ‘‘no.’’ Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, the Affordable Care Act needs to be repaired, not repealed. In 2010, Democrats passed health care reform in an effort to move toward health insurance for all Americans. Though we have made progress and more work to do, we cannot move America backward. Tens of thousands of people in northern Ohio and millions across America will lose insurance if TrumpCare be-comes law. This bill is cruel. It will take away care from some of our most vulnerable citizens like those who suffer from opioid addiction, mental illness or have disabilities. This bill will under-mine Medicare and cut $28 billion from Ohio’s Medicaid program, the majority of which is spent on nursing home care. If Republicans succeed in repealing the Medicaid expansion, one in four Ohio hospitals would close accord-ing to the Ohio Hospital Association. Our goal should be to make our health care system better, not worse. This merciless bill is not a health care bill. This bill is an $800 bil-lion tax cut for corporations and the very rich. How that giveaway provides better health care to working and middle-class families is beyond me. For Lent I gave up chocolate, I recommend the Republicans try giving up tax cuts to the rich! Let me share a story about a young man in Ohio who was diagnosed with an extremely rare form of cancer one month before his 26th birthday. Once he turned 26 he lost coverage under his parent’s health care policy. But after visiting an Ohio Jobs and Family Services office, he learned about his eligibility for the Ohio Medicaid expansion, which al-lowed him to receive the cancer treatment he needed to survive. Frankly, without the Affordable Care Act’s multi-layered protections, he would be dead. The Affordable Care Act and its Medicaid expansion has allowed him to return to finish law school. This bill shifts the burden of health costs to the working and middle class, all so the rich can have a trillion dollar tax cut. A tax cut for the super rich doesn’t help working people and seniors pay for health care. Astoundingly, the falsely labeled, so called ‘‘health’’ bill actu-ally rewards billionaires and corporations with hundreds of billions in tax giveaways. This bill does nothing to control costs for health insurance. Millions will lose coverage. It will actually result in higher costs too all while undermining Medicare and slashing Medicaid. Congress ought to repair not repeal the ACA. We cannot move backward. This GOP bill is cruel and some of our most challenged 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.036 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2438 March 24, 2017 
citizens like the mentally ill or disabled will lose care. Premiums for those over 50 could increase by 5 fold. As the old saying goes; ‘‘this dog won’t hunt.’’ Ohio embraced the ACA and 866,000 peo-ple were finally able to receive health care coverage. What will this poorly conceived Re-publican tax giveaway bill do to Ohio: 1. About 47,000 people will lose health in-surance because they are insured through the ACA in Ohio’s 9th district. 2. The district’s uninsured rate has gone from 13.3% to 7.0% since the ACA was imple-mented. This 6.3 percentage point drop in the uninsured rate could be reversed if the ACA is entirely or partially repealed. 3. 318,900 individuals in the district who now have health insurance that covers pre-ventive services like cancer screenings and flu shots without any co-pays, coinsurance, or deductibles stand to lose this access if the Re-publican Congress eliminates ACA provisions requiring health insurers to cover important preventive services without cost-sharing. 4. 370,700 individuals in the district with em-ployer-sponsored health insurance are at risk of losing important consumer protections like the prohibition on annual and lifetime limits, protection against unfair policy rescissions, and coverage of preexisting health conditions, if the ACA is entirely or partially repealed. This Republican bill, hastily prepared, should be defeated. It is cruel, will leave mil-lions of our fellow citizens bankrupt and des-titute, and if implemented, will be responsible for more death and illness coast to coast. Vote no on TrumpCare. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, I have received countless vis-its, calls, letters and emails from constituents about this bill. I have heard from hospitals, doctors, patients, nurses, parents of children with serious illnesses, researchers and the list goes on. They have one thing in common: they are afraid of what TrumpCare could do to their patients and to their families. H.R. 1628 will not bring down health care costs or improve access. Indeed, by slashing Medicaid by $880 billion, it will force States to ration care for our most vulnerable popu-lations. In Massachusetts, this cut will put the health of 1.9 million people at risk, including 650,000 children, 170,000 seniors and 280,000 people with disabilities. My state is also being hit hard by the opiate addiction cri-sis and cutting Medicaid will cripple our ability to address that problem. It is also a disgrace that the funding being cut out of Medicaid is being handed over to insurance companies and the wealthiest Americans in a $1 trillion tax break for the rich. TrumpCare slashes $175 billion from the Medicare Trust Fund, cutting its solvency by three years and hurts seniors by letting insur-ance companies charge older Americans five times more than they do young ones. The yearlong bar on reimbursements to Planned Parenthood for non-abortion services means that women will have to go without health screenings, pre-natal care and well-woman visits. And according to the C.B.O., 24 million Americans will no longer have health insur-ance coverage. All this begs the question, how does this bill provide better care for Americans? But you do not have to take my word for it when I say that this bill will hurt Americans. Groups like the American Medical Association, the American College of Physicians, the Amer-ican Academy of Pediatrics and the American Nurses Association, just to name a few, are urging Congress to stop TrumpCare. These are the men and women who are out there on the front lines everyday treating and healing our fellow Americans. To make things worse, TrumpCare is being rushed to the floor with minimal deliberation. It was introduced less than three weeks ago and we have not held a single hearing or heard from a single expert witness on it. Now we are being asked to vote on it despite receiving the newest version of the manager’s amendment late last night. This is not the regular order and transparency that the Republicans prom-ised. Mr. Speaker, this bill pushes the cost of health care onto those who can least afford it while providing massive tax cuts for the wealthy. I urge my fellow members to defeat this misguided bill and let us begin the serious work of making real improvements in the Af-fordable Care Act for all Americans. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my opposition to TrumpCare and my strong support for the Affordable Care Act. Since the ACA was enacted seven years ago, more than 20 million Americans have gained access to affordable and high quality health insurance, including nearly one million Ohioans. We thought 129 million Americans with pre- existing conditions would be able to keep their health care coverage. We thought 105 million Americans would no longer have to worry about annual or lifetime limits. Yet, we are here today winding back the clock on all the progress we have made based on a bill that wasn’t released to the public until last night. What’s the rush to pass a bill that affects so many people without letting the public view it? What’s the rush to pass a bill that affects so many people without a new CBO score? Mr. Speaker, we know that TrumpCare will cause Americans to pay more for less cov-erage. We know that TrumpCare will provide a massive tax cut to the super rich 400 fami-lies and leave the other 99.9 percent of people behind. We know that TrumpCare will cause 24 million Americans to lose their health insur-ance, including tens of thousands of my con-stituents in the Third Congressional District of Ohio. We know that TrumpCare will slash Medicaid funding by $880 billion. We also know that TrumpCare will put 13 million chil-dren, people with disabilities and adults just one emergency visit away from financial ca-tastrophe. Mr. Speaker, these cuts hurt people all across the country. TrumpCare will not make healthcare more affordable. Democrats believe healthcare is a right, not a privilege. I join my colleagues in fighting for affordable healthcare for all Americans. I will vote no, and urge all my colleagues to vote no as well. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, while the Affordable Care Act has been in ef-fect since 2010, it has only provided actual ac-cess to health insurance benefits through the exchange and Medicaid expansion for a little over 3 years—beginning in 2014. In that short period of time, however, seri-ous problems and flaws have been exposed, yet in recent months the law’s systemic prob-lems have been trivialized or ignored by many. Today, buying an insurance policy on the exchanges with high premiums, high copays, and most importantly, exceedingly high deductibles make the actual utilization of health benefits far costlier than originally ad-vertised. Americans were told repeatedly that the ACA would save up to $2,500 in premium payments per family per year. President Obama said: ‘‘I will sign a universal health care bill into law by the end of my first term as president that will cover every American and cut the cost of a typical family’s premium by up to $2,500 a year.’’ That didn’t happen—not even close. Nationwide, since 2016, gross premiums be-fore subsidies in the Bronze-priced tier rose a whopping 27 percent, silver 24 percent and gold 32 percent. That should come as no surprise. As early as August 2012, Politifact found President Obama’s promise to be untrue and labeled the statement a ‘‘promise broken’’ in a Politifact report entitled: NO cut in premiums for typical family. Health insurance consumers were promised they could keep their insurance plan if they liked it and keep their trusted doctors as well. That didn’t happen either. As a matter of fact, several million were kicked off insurance plans they were very sat-isfied with—like my wife and I—only to be forced into an Obamacare plan that we didn’t want and was more expensive. Also, in New Jersey—like much of the na-tion—insurance companies are pulling out of the exchanges. Insurers continue to exit the individual market and the exchange has expe-rienced a net loss of 88 insurers. Today, five states only have one insurer option. At home, last year five insurance carriers offered plans on the New Jersey exchange, today only two remain. The exodus of insurance companies from the individual market is an unsustainable and ominous trend. Mr. Speaker, almost twice as many Ameri-cans have paid the financial penalty—pursuant to what is euphemistically called the ‘‘indi-vidual mandate’’—for not buying a health in-surance plan—or have received an exemption from the individual mandate as those who have actually purchased a plan through the exchange. By the numbers that means 19.2 million taxpayers either paid the individual mandate penalty or claimed an exemption, compared to 10.3 million individuals who paid for plans on the Obamacare exchanges. Obamacare also increased taxes by about one trillion dollars. For example, beginning in 2020, a new 40% excise tax on employer provided comprehen-sive health insurance plans is scheduled to take effect. Any plan provided by an employer exceeding $10,200 for individuals and $27,500 for families will be taxed at 40 percent for each dollar above those numbers. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation this so-called Cadillac tax will hit 26 percent of employers by 2020. According to the IRS, approximately 10 mil-lion families took advantage of the chronic care tax deduction which is now been rede-fined out of reach for many. New taxes com-bined with skyrocketing premiums, copays and deductibles underscores the need for serious review, reevaluation and reform. That said Mr. Speaker, I remain deeply con-cerned—and will vote no today—largely be-cause the pending bill cuts Medicaid funding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.037 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2439 March 24, 2017 
by an estimated $839 billion over ten years according to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), rolls back Medicaid expansion, cancels essential health benefits such as maternity and newborn care, hospitalization, pediatric services, and mental health and substance use treatment, and includes ‘‘per capita caps’’—all of which will likely hurt disabled persons, the elderly and the working poor. For years, I have supported Medicaid ex-pansion as a meaningful way of providing ac-cess to health care for struggling individuals and families living above the poverty line but still poor despite being employed—80 percent of all Medicaid enrollees in New Jersey are families with at least one working adult in 2017. Although more than 800,000 children are served by Medicaid in my state, the bulk of Medicaid funds are spent assisting the dis-abled and the elderly. In New Jersey approxi-mately 74 percent of all Medicaid spending goes directly to assist persons with disabilities and senior citizens. Two out of every five peo-ple in nursing homes are on Medicaid. According to the New Jersey Department of Human Services, in New Jersey total enroll-ment in Medicaid in February 2017 was 1.77 million people. Of that a significant number are newly enrolled under Medicaid expansion— 663,523 ‘‘newly eligible.’’ These people are in need and deserve our support. Current law provides states that opted to embrace Medicaid Expansion—like New Jersey—95 percent of the costs for the ‘‘newly enrolled.’’ The federal share drops to 90 percent by 2020. The proposed American Health Care Act continues Medicaid expansion however only until 2020. Those enrolled before December 31, 2019 would be grandfathered in at the 90 percent match rate but the federal-state match formula would then be reduced to a range be-tween 75 percent–25 percent to 50 percent– 50 percent or any new enrollee. What does that mean? The United State Conference of Catholic Bishops wrote each of us on March 17th: ‘‘. . . it is our assessment that some provi-sions are commendable (and they reference the pro-life safeguards and other noteworthy provisions in the bill) . . . while others present grave challenges that must be addressed be-fore passage . . . millions of people who would be eligible for Medicaid under current law will be negatively impacted due to reduced funding from the per capita cap system pro-posed in the legislation, according to the CBO. Those struggling families who currently re-ceive Medicaid coverage from the recent ex-pansion will see dramatic changes through the AHCA as well, without clear indication of af-fordable, adequate coverage to replace their current options. Many states begin their legis-lative sessions every cycle by attempting to overcome major deficits. State and local re-sources are unlikely to be sufficient to cover the gaps that will be created in the health care system as financial responsibility is further shifted to the states. Congress must rework the Medicaid-related provisions of the AHCA to fix these problems and ensure access for all, and especially for those most in need.’’ A letter led by the Consortium For Citizens with Disabilities, and signed by over 60 organi-zations states: ‘‘Dramatic reductions in federal support for Medicaid will force states to cut services and/ or eligibility that puts the health and wellbeing of people with disabilities at significant risk. In fact, people with disabilities are particularly at risk because so many waiver and home- and community-based services are optional Med-icaid services and will likely be the first serv-ices cut when states are addressing budgetary shortfalls. The health, functioning, independ-ence, and wellbeing of 10 million enrollees liv-ing with disabilities and, often, their families, depends on funding the services that Medicaid provides. Likewise, Medicaid Expansion pro-vides coverage for millions of people with dis-abilities and their caregivers who previously fell into healthcare coverage gaps. For many people with disabilities, being able to access timely, needed care is a life or death matter. The drastic cuts to Medicaid that will result from per capita caps and the ultimate elimi-nation of Medicaid Expansion will endanger millions.’’ Autism Speaks, a leading autism aware-ness, science, and advocacy group, further ar-ticulated another concern, that ‘‘the choice of 2016 as a baseline year for per capita caps may prevent states from addressing the needs of children with autism. In July 2014 the Cen-ter for Medicaid and CHIP Services issued an informational bulletin clarifying Medicaid cov-erage of services to children with autism, in-cluding benefit requirements for the Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic, and Treatment (EPSDT) program. Although EPSDT is a man-datory Medicaid program, few states in 2016 funded autism services at the required stand-ard of care. Locking in 2016 as a baseline year can only perpetuate this historic under-funding of EPSDT benefits.’’ Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, for my constituents and all Americans, Trumpcare would result in higher costs, less coverage, a crushing age tax for persons 50 to 64, a short-er Medicare life span, and the ransacking of the Medicaid funds that enable seniors to get the long term care they need. And last night, Republicans added a provision that would pro-hibit our veterans who are eligible to receive VA care from receiving any tax credits to help pay for their care outside the VA, even if they are not enrolled in the VA. In my congressional district, the uninsured rate dropped from 31.7 to 17.5 percent due to Obamacare. Among my constituents who benefited are a young mother from Bell Gardens, California, and her 15-month-old daughter, Olivia, who was born with Down Syndrome. Because of Obamacare’s Medicaid expan-sion in California, Olivia was able to have her congenital heart defect repaired shortly after birth. She is now being followed by a cardiolo-gist to ensure her ongoing care for a healthy heart. Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion also makes it possible for baby Olivia to receive early intervention and physical therapy serv-ices to enhance and accelerate her develop-ment. Olivia’s mom is terrified that if Trumpcare passes, her daughter may not be able to re-ceive these services, which help her remain healthy and make it possible for her to reach critical developmental milestones. Republicans like to call Obamacare a failed disaster. That is simply one more example of their ‘‘alternative facts.’’ The Republican Trumpcare bill before us is the disaster waiting to unfold for countless families like Olivia’s, and millions of Americans across our country. I urge my colleagues to vote no on behalf of the American people. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act, which not only seeks to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, but reform entitle-ments, redistribute wealth, and strip coverage from millions of people. The American Health Care Act would re-duce coverage for Americans while increasing out-of-pocket costs for the sickest and the el-derly. Health plans would fail to meet the needs of Americans with chronic or complex conditions. The bill also eliminates protections against annual and lifetime caps. With a last- minute manager’s amendment to repeal the Essential Health Benefits, the ten coverage rules set up by the Affordable Care Act, this ruthless bill has gotten even worse. The Affordable Care Act required insurers to cover ten ‘‘Essential Health Benefits’’ from ma-ternity care, mental health, and prescription drugs, to hospitalization and outpatient care. If this is repealed, comprehensive health insur-ance will become virtually unavailable in the individual market. This means that individuals with pre-existing conditions would not be pro-tected. Younger and healthier people benefit, older and sicker people suffer. While the new additions to this measure are startling, the original bill is just as shocking. Slashing and capping the Medicaid program will ration care and give tax breaks to the wealthy. This bill cuts $880 million from Med-icaid and then caps the program so that it cannot expand and contract as needed. By the end of 2019, the Medicaid expansion pro-gram will freeze and this bill will shift costs to states for the elderly, children, individuals with disabilities, and low-income adults. This bill will kick 24 million people off their health insurance by 2026, and 7 million people will lose their employer-based coverage. While the Affordable Care Act subsidies were based on income and when premiums rose, the fed-eral subsidy also rose to pay for premium costs, the American Health Care Act replaces those subsidies with a fixed credit amount. The age-based tax credits are a refundable tax credits that is larger for older individuals, however, it allows insurers to charge older en-rollees five times more than a younger en-rollee. Mr. Speaker, the public has spoken about this so-called ‘‘replacement’’ bill. People will live or die as a result of this legislation. This bill will force Americans to pay more for their premiums, more for their care, more on out-of- pocket expenses and deductibles; all the while giving tax breaks directly to the wealthy. The Republican leadership has rushed this bill to the floor without any consideration and I urge you all to consider its harmful effects. Your constituents are asking you to work with us to repair the Affordable Care Act. Work with us. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, al-though Trumpcare is a terrible Healthcare plan, it is a terrific Wealthcare plan. Trumpcare is terrific Wealthcare because in the final analysis, it allows the 400 richest families to get $7 million a year ad infinitum, $7 million a year forever. In the final analysis, 79% of the cuts be-come Wealthcare dollars for the very rich, not healthcare dollars for the very poor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.043 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2440 March 24, 2017 
In the final analysis, it sacrifices $1 trillion from Medicare and Medicaid to enrich the lives of millionaires and billionaires. In the final analysis, it provides more money for Wealthcare and less money for Healthcare. Mr. Speaker, Trumpcare is more Wealthcare and less Healthcare. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I’ve been here a while and it’s hard for me to recall a time when we’ve voted on something so obviously and willfully harmful to children, seniors and working Americans. This bill strips healthcare from 24 million people. It requires some seniors to pay 100 percent or more of their income in premiums. This legislation dramatically cuts Medicaid, directly contradicting President Trump’s claim not to. In Michigan, HALF of all children rely on Medicaid. In my district alone, 56,000 people will lose coverage, including 16,000 children. Let’s be clear: if we pass this bill, children, seniors, and working people will suffer and some will die, so that the wealthy can get a tax cut. Healthcare is a right, not a privilege. That’s why I support a single-payer, Medicare-for-All plan, and why I will be voting ‘‘no’’ on this mean spirited legislation. Mr. Speaker, as Ranking Member on the House Judiciary Committee, I include in the R
ECORD a legal analysis prepared by com-mittee staff that concludes that the provision of H.R. 1628 that requires New York State to change how its counties fund the State’s por-tion of Medicaid expenses is not related to a legitimate Federal interest, that no rational Federal purpose has been proffered for the provision, and that it would severely intrude on traditional state prerogatives. As such, this provision would violate Constitutional limits on the Federal Spending Power, the Due Process and Equal Protection Clauses and the Tenth Amendment (reserving all undelegated powers to the States) and would likely be held uncon-stitutional if challenged in court. 
MEMORANDUM  To: Interested Members. From: House Judiciary Committee Demo-cratic Staff. Re: Constitutionality of Faso-Collins Amendment. Date: March 24, 2017. The Faso-Collins amendment, incorporated into the Manager’s amendment, would vio-late Constitutional limits on the Federal Spending Power, the Due Process and Equal Protection Clauses and the Tenth Amend-ment (reserving all undelegated powers to the States). Requiring New York State to change how its counties Fund its portion of Medicaid expenses is not related to a legiti-mate Federal interest, no rational Federal purpose has been proffered for the provision, and it would severely intrude on traditional state prerogatives. If the Faso-Collins amendment were ever enacted, it quickly would be invalidated by the Federal courts. The irony of this ‘‘buyout’’ is that the ‘‘payment’’ supposedly being delivered in exchange for votes—the unconstitutional provision—is the legisla-tive equivalent of a check on a closed bank account, which will never deliver the prom-ised benefits. For the last 51 years, New York State has chosen to fund a portion of its share of the Medicaid Program by using funds from coun-ty property taxes. Fifteen other States structure Medicaid funding through a simi-lar legally authorized system. The Faso-Collins amendment specifies that any State that had an allotment of Dis-proportionate Share Hospital (DSH) funds that was more than 6 times the national av-erage, and that requires subdivisions with populations of less than 5,000,000 to con-tribute toward Medicaid costs, shall have its reimbursement reduced by the amount of contributions by such subdivisions. (This ef-fectively limits the application to New York State, and carves out New York City.) Under the amendment, New York State is at risk of losing $2.3 billion of its $32 billion in Federal Medicaid funds. This provision is unconstitutional, and could be struck down for several reasons: Violation of Limits on Spending Power— Article I of the Constitution grants Congress spending power to ‘‘provide for the . . . gen-eral Welfare.’’ In South Dakota v. Dole, 483 U.S. 203 (1987), the Supreme Court held that any spending condition imposed on the States must be related to the Federal inter-est in that particular project or program and that Congress cannot coerce the States into compliance with the Federal government’s objectives. In NFIB v. Sebelius, 132 S. Ct. 2566 (2012), the Supreme Court found provi-sions of the Affordable Care Act which re-quired all States to comply with the law’s Medicaid expansion violated this spending authority, noting the ‘‘Constitution has never been understood to confer upon Con-gress the ability to require the States to govern according to Congress’ instructions.’’ The Faso-Collins language does not appear to be related to any Federal interest in the use or allocation of Federal Medicaid funds: it does not further Medicaid’s purposes and has nothing to do with ensuring the proper disbursement of Federal funds. Indeed, be-cause the provision applies to counties in a single State—and leaves the very same sys-tem undisturbed in 15 other States—it could not possibly be justified by any legitimate Federal interest. An additional line of Supreme Court cases, including New York v. United States, 505 U.S. 144, 167, 172 (1992), has held that conditions on Federal grants must be ‘‘reasonably re-lated to the purpose of the [Federal] expendi-ture’’ because otherwise ‘‘the spending power could render academic the Constitution’s other grants and limits of Federal author-ity.’’ Likewise, in Massachusetts v. United States, 435 U.S. 444, 461 (1978), the Supreme Court noted that it has ‘‘repeatedly held that the Federal Government may impose appropriate conditions on the use of Federal property or privileges and may require that State instrumentalities comply with condi-tions that are reasonably related to the Fed-eral interest in particular national projects or programs.’’ Under these precedents, the Faso-Collins language would be held to be an arbitrary exercise of Federal power which in-trudes on only one particular State’s sov-ereign tax powers, and is unrelated to any Federal interest or purpose in the Medicaid Program. As Yale Law School Professor Abbe Gluck wrote in a post on the Balkinzation blog today, the Faso-Collins ‘‘amendment is like-ly unconstitutional. The protection from fed-eral interference of the internal functions of a state government is one of the bedrocks of state sovereignty protected by the limita-tions on Congress’s powers in Article I of the Constitution and the reservation of power to the states in the Tenth Amendment.’’ She further reasoned that ‘‘Even if one could argue that this is an exercise of the federal spending power under Article I, for Congress to legally use that power, the conditions on a state’s use of federal funding have to be tied to a reasonable federal propose . . . It is hard to see a reasonable federal purpose here other than garnering more GOP votes for the struggling repeal bill.’’ (available at https:// ballkin.blogspot. com/2017/03/ is-gop-aca- repealer- unconstitutional- on.html?m=1) Violation of Due Process and Equal Protec-tion—Under the Fifth Amendment, the Fed-eral government is not permitted to deprive its citizens of equal protection or due process of law. Those clauses have been interpreted on numerous occasions to prevent the gov-ernment from discriminating between the treatment of the sovereign States absent a rational basis. For example, in Helvering v. David, 301 U.S. 619, 640 (1937), the Supreme Court warned that Congress does not possess the right to demonstrate a ‘‘display of arbi-trary power’’ in its treatment of the various States. In this regard, in 2009, when an ear-lier Senate version of the Affordable Care Act sought to provide special treatment for Nebraska with respect to Medicaid reim-bursements, 13 Republican State attorneys general wrote to Congress (available at http://www.law. columbia.edu/sites/ default/ files/microsites/ career-servicesifiles/ Letter%20to% 20the%20 Honorable%20Nancy %20Pelosi%20 and%20the %20Honorable%20Harry %20Reid.pdf) assert-ing the provision was unconstitutional (the provision was ultimately dropped). In the case of the Faso-Collins language, there is no legitimate policy justification for developing a special rule limiting Medicaid funds for New York as compared to all other States, including 15 States which have sharing agreements with their counties. Nor has a justification been offered for why New York City should be excluded from the application of the special rule. As such, it is clear that the provision is discriminatory, ‘‘arbitrary’’ and has no rational basis. Abrogation of Tenth Amendment Prin-ciples—The Tenth Amendment provides in relevant part that powers not delegated to the Federal government or prohibited to the States are reserved for the States. This has been read to prevent the federal government from ‘‘commandeering’’ the states to serve its own purposes. In Printz v. United States, 521 U.S. 898 (1997), the Supreme Court held that Congress cannot commandeer State of-ficers to implement Federal policy—in that case requiring criminal background checks for handgun purchases pursuant to the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act. The Faso- Collins language commandeers New York State government to facilitate the partisan political ends of a faction in the U.S. Con-gress, which would seem well outside the proscriptions of Printz. In fact, by essen-tially ordering New York to reorganize its internal affairs, the Faso-Collins amendment may run even further afoul of Tenth Amend-ment principles than was the case in Printz given the lack of a Federal purpose and the interference with the core sovereign function of how a State chooses to use its taxing power. It is of particular constitutional concern that the Faso-Collins provision directly interferes with New York’s internal deci-sions about how to structure its own tax and spending policies, and how to allocate those responsibilities between the State and its subdivisions—which is a core function of a sovereign entity protected by the Tenth Amendment (and potentially Article IV §4 of the Constitution, which provides that the ‘‘United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government.’’). This is constitutionally sig-nificant because in Reynolds v. Sims, 377 U.S. 533, 575 (1964), the Supreme Court held that political subdivisions such as counties and cities ‘‘have been traditionally regarded as subordinate governmental instrumentalities created by the State to assist in the carrying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.040 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2441 March 24, 2017 
out of State governmental functions.’’ In Hunter v. City of Pittsburgh, 207 U.S. 161, 178 (1907), the Court noted that these subdivi-sions are ‘‘created as convenient agencies for exercising such of the governmental powers of the state, as may be entrusted to them’’ and that the ‘‘number, nature, and duration of powers conferred upon these [entities] and the territory over which they shall be exer-cised rests in the absolute discretion of the state.’’ The Faso-Collins amendment pur-ports to invoke Federal power to displace New York’s sovereign exercise of this ‘‘abso-lute discretion’’ and, for that reason, vio-lates the Constitution. As Chief Justice John Marshall long ago explained in Gibbons v. Ogden, 22 U.S. 1, 198–200 (1824), the States’ ‘‘power of taxation is indispensable to their existence. . . . In imposing taxes for State purposes, [States] are not doing what Con-gress is empowered to do. Congress is not empowered to tax for those purposes which are within the exclusive province of the States.’’ 
OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL , S
TATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA , December 30, 2009. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. H
ARRY REID, Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. The undersigned state attorneys general, in response to numerous inquiries, write to express our grave concern with the Senate version of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (‘‘H.R. 3590’’). The current iteration of the bill contains a provision that affords special treatment to the state of Ne-braska under the federal Medicaid program. We believe this provision is constitutionally flawed. As chief legal officers of our states we are contemplating a legal challenge to this provision and we ask you to take action to render this challenge unnecessary by striking that provision. It has been reported that Nebraska Sen-ator Ben Nelson’s vote, for H.R. 3590, was se-cured only after striking a deal that the fed-eral government would bear the cost of newly eligible Nebraska Medicaid enrollees. In marked contrast all other states would not be similarly treated, and instead would be required to allocate substantial sums, po-tentially totaling billions of dollars, to ac-commodate H.R. 3590’s new Medicaid man-dates. In addition to violating the most basic and universally held notions of what is fair and just, we also believe this provision of H.R. 3590 is inconsistent with protections af-forded by the United States Constitution against arbitrary legislation. In Helvering v. Davis, 301 U.S 619, 640 (1937), the United States Supreme Court warned that Congress does not possess the right under the Spending Power to demonstrate a ‘‘display of arbitrary power.’’ Congressional spending cannot be arbitrary and capricious. The spending power of Congress includes au-thority to accomplish policy objectives by conditioning receipt of federal funds on com-pliance with statutory directives, as in the Medicaid program. However, the power is not unlimited and ‘‘must be in pursuit of the ‘general welfare.’’’ South Dakota v. Dole, 483 U.S. 203, 207 (1987). In Dole the Supreme Court stated, ‘‘that conditions on federal grants might be illegitimate if they are un-related to the federal interest in particular national projects or programs.’’ Id. at 207. It seems axiomatic that the federal interest in H.R. 3590 is not simply requiring universal health care, but also ensuring that the states share with the federal government the cost of providing such care to their citizens. This federal interest is evident from the fact this legislation would require every state, except Nebraska, to shoulder its fair share of the in-creased Medicaid costs the bill will generate. The provision of the bill that relieves a sin-gle state from this cost-sharing program ap-pears to be not only unrelated, but also anti-thetical to the legitimate federal interests in the bill. The fundamental unfairness of H.R. 3590 may also give rise to claims under the due process, equal protection, privileges and im-munities clauses and other provisions of the Constitution. As a practical matter, the deal struck by the United States Senate on the ‘‘Nebraska Compromise’’ is a disadvantage to the citizens of 49 states. Every state’s tax dollars, except Nebraska’s, will be devoted to cost-sharing required by the bill, and will be therefore unavailable for other essential state programs. Only the citizens of Ne-braska will be freed from this diminution in state resources for critical state services. Since the only basis for the Nebraska pref-erence is arbitrary and unrelated to the sub-stance of the legislation, it is unlikely that the difference would survive even minimal scrutiny. We ask that Congress delete the Nebraska provision from the pending legislation, as we prefer to avoid litigation. Because this provi-sion has serious implications for the country and the future of our nation’s legislative process, we urge you to take appropriate steps to protect the Constitution and the rights of the citizens of our nation. We be-lieve this issue is readily resolved by remov-ing the provision in question from the bill, and we ask that you do so. By singling out the particular provision re-lating to special treatment of Nebraska, we do not suggest there are no other legal or constitutional issues in the proposed health care legislation. Please let us know if we can be of assist-ance as you consider this matter. Sincerely, Henry McMaster, Attorney General, South Carolina; Rob McKenna, Attorney General, Washington; Mike Cox, Attorney General, Michigan; Greg Abbott, Attorney General, Texas; John Suthers, Attorney General, Col-orado; Troy King, Attorney General, Ala-bama; Wayne Stenehjem, Attorney General, North Dakota; Bill Mims, Attorney General, Virginia; Tom Corbett, Attorney General, Pennsylvania; Mark Shurtleff, Attorney General, Utah; Bill McCollum, Attorney General, Florida; Lawrence Wasden, Attor-ney General, Idaho; Marty Jackley, Attorney General, South Dakota. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, for seven years, the Republicans have tried and failed to repeal the Affordable Care Act. So now, with a Re-publican-controlled House, a Republican-con-trolled Senate, and a Republican in the White House, what have they presented us to vote on today? Republicans complained that pre-miums were skyrocketing, so they offer a bill that raises premiums. They complained that deductibles were too high, so they propose al-lowing insurance companies to charge more. They complained that too many people were losing their insurance, so they have embraced a plan that will take away health care from 24 million Americans. This bill imposes a devastating age tax on older Americans and does next to nothing to protect Americans with pre-existing conditions. It gives nearly $900 billion in tax cuts to the insurance companies and the wealthy, while refusing coverage for services as basic as hospitalization. It’s simple: Americans will pay more and get less under this bill. In New York, 2.7 million people will lose in-surance and the state will lose $4.6 billion in Medicaid funding. Compounding those cuts is a cynical so-called deal several upstate Mem-bers made to secure their votes on this bill. Under the bill, New York State, and ONLY New York State, will no longer be allowed to ask counties to provide a portion of state Med-icaid funding. Don’t be fooled—this is no deal at all for New York and will actually gut the State’s Medicaid program, forcing hundreds of hos-pitals to close and rationing health care for millions of New Yorkers. But my colleagues who have traded their vote for this provision have made an empty bargain. This provision is flatly unconstitutional and will never be enacted. They are giving away health insurance for millions of New Yorkers for an empty promise. My Republican colleagues claim we need to pass this bill to give people ‘‘freedom’’ to buy health insurance. Let me tell you, freedom to buy health insurance and actually being able to afford health insurance are two very dif-ferent things. They keep talking about ‘‘access’’ to health care. Access is not coverage. When they talk about access and freedom, they are con-ceding that this bill does nothing to ensure that Americans have affordable, comprehen-sive health insurance to cover them no matter what their health care needs are. The Republicans so clearly believe that Americans just need freedom to buy insur-ance, that when asked what a pregnant woman should do if her state no longer re-quires insurance companies to cover maternity care, OMB Director Mick Mulvaney said she can ‘‘figure out a way to change the state [she] lives in.’’ How callous are my Republican colleagues to believe that is a real option for Americans? This bill is a cowardly, cynical effort to lower taxes on the rich and dismantle Medicare and Medicaid as we know it. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of H.R. 1628 is postponed. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 31 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1630 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 4 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
TERRORIST AND FOREIGN FIGHT-ER TRAVEL EXERCISE ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the question on sus-pending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 1302) to require an exercise re-lated to terrorist and foreign fighter travel, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.046 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2442 March 24, 2017 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 2017, TO MONDAY, MARCH 27, 2017 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, March 27, 2017, when it will convene at noon for morning- hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. PAYNE (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for March 23 on account of medical condition. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY MATERIAL 
AGGREGATES , ALLOCATIONS , AND OTHER BUDG -
ETARY LEVELS OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2017  
BUDGET RESOLUTION RELATED TO LEGISLA -
TION REPORTED BY THE COMMITTEE ON THE  
BUDGET  H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC, March 24, 2017. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to section 4001(b)(2) of the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2017 (S. Con. Res. 3, 115th Congress), I hereby submit for printing in the Congressional Record the 302(a) alloca-tions to the authorizing committees of the House consistent with that concurrent reso-lution. Section 4001(b)(2) of S. Con. Res. 3 author-ized the House Committee on the Budget to file 302(a) allocations consistent with the budgetary levels established in S. Con. Res. 3. This filing authority was necessary be-cause there was no joint statement of man-agers accompanying S. Con. Res. 3. Under section 301(e)(2)(F) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the allocations are to be included in the report accompanying the budget resolution. These allocations are enforced by section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, which prohibits the consideration of legislation that would cause the applicable allocation of new budget authority to be ex-ceeded for the budget year, fiscal year 2017, or for the total period of fiscal years 2017 through 2026. These aggregates, allocations, and other budgetary levels apply to bills, joint resolu-tions, and amendments thereto or conference reports thereon, considered by the House subsequent to this filing. Associated tables are attached. If there are any questions on these aggregates, alloca-tions, and other budgetary levels in the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017, please contact Jim Bates, Chief Counsel of the Budget Committee. Sincerely, D
IANE BLACK , Chairman, Committee on the Budget. 
FISCAL YEAR 2017 BUDGET TOTALS 
(On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars) FY 2017 2017–2026 
Appropriate Level Budget Authority ....................................... 3,308,000 n.a. Outlays ...................................................... 3,264,662 n.a. Revenues ................................................... 2,682,088 32,351,660 
n.a. = Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 2019–2026 will not be considered until future sessions of Congress. 
SPENDING AUTHORITY FOR HOUSE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES 
(On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars) FY 2017 2017–2026 
Agriculture: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA OT 17,118 16,788 716,540 707,615 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA 17,118 716,540 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... OT 16,788 707,615 Armed Services: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA 158,746 1,842,682 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 159,079 1,839,456 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA OT 158,746 159,079 1,842,682 1,839,456 Financial Services: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA 13,125 100,422 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 1,652 ¥47,968 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA 13,125 100,422 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... OT 1,652 ¥47,968 Education & Workforce: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA 383 49,072 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT ¥5,026 18,899 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA 383 49,072 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... OT ¥5,026 18,899 Energy & Commerce: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA 457,733 6,015,424 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 447,493 6,015,912 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 ¥1,000 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 ¥1,000 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA 457,733 6,014,424 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... OT 447,493 6,014,912 Foreign Affairs: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA 36,154 310,990 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 30,599 295,396 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA 36,154 310,990 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... OT 30,599 295,396 Oversight & Government Reform: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA 118,066 1,359,052 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 116,351 1,324,818 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA 118,066 1,359,052 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... OT 116,351 1,324,818 Homeland Security: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA 2,392 24,890 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 2,217 25,797 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jun 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\MARCH\H24MR7.REC H24MR7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2443 March 24, 2017 
SPENDING AUTHORITY FOR HOUSE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—Continued 
(On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars) FY 2017 2017–2026 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA 2,392 24,890 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... OT 2,217 25,797 House Administration: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA 38 341 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 9 106 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA 38 341 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... OT 9 106 Natural Resources: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA 5,503 60,044 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 5,826 62,006 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA 5,503 60,044 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... OT 5,826 62,006 Judiciary: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA 27,330 134,953 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 13,561 142,304 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA 27,330 134,953 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... OT 13,561 142,304 Transportation & Infrastructure: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA 74,386 733,930 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 16,301 175,727 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA 74,386 733,930 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... OT 16,301 175,727 Science, Space & Technology: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA 101 1,017 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 101 1,017 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA 101 1,017 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... OT 101 1,017 Small Business: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 Veterans Affairs: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA 1,217 109,461 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 7,017 117,667 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 0 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 0 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA 1,217 109,461 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... OT 7,017 117,667 Ways & Means: Current Law .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ BA 1,058,819 15,224,020 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 1,057,533 15,218,580 Resolution Change .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... BA 0 ¥1,000 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. OT 0 ¥1,000 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... BA 1,058,819 15,223,020 ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... OT 1,056,533 15,217,580 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY MATERIAL 
REVISIONS TO THE AGGREGATES AND ALLOCA -
TIONS OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2017 BUDGET RESO -
LUTION  H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC, March 24, 2017. Mr. Speaker, I hereby submit for printing in the Congressional Record revisions to the budget allocations and aggregates estab-lished by S. Con. Res. 3, the Concurrent Res-olution on the Budget for fiscal year 2017. S. Con. Res. 3 permits the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget to adjust the ap-propriate allocations, aggregates, and func-tional levels established by that resolution for legislation related to health care by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose. These adjustments are designated for H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act of 2017, as reported by the Committee on the Budget on Monday, March 20, 2017. These revisions represent an adjustment for purposes of budgetary enforcement. These revised allocations and aggregates are to be considered as the aggregates and allo-cations established in the budget resolution, pursuant to S. Con. Res. 3. Pursuant to sec-tion 4003 of S. Con. Res. 3, the adjustments apply only while H.R. 1628 is under consider-ation or upon its enactment. Sincerely, D
IANE BLACK , Chairman, Committee on the Budget. TABLE 1—REVISION TO ON-BUDGET AGGREGATES 
[Budget aggregates—(On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars)] Fiscal year 2017 2017–2026 
Current Aggregates: Budget Authority .......................... 3,308,000 
1 Outlays ......................................... 3,264,662 
1 Revenues ...................................... 2,682,088 32,351,660 Adjustment for H.R. 1628: Budget Authority ..........................¥6,300 
1 Outlays .........................................¥6,700 
1 Revenues ......................................¥6,600 ¥893,500 Revised Aggregates: Budget Authority .......................... 3,301,700 
1 Outlays ......................................... 3,257,962 
1 Revenues ...................................... 2,675,488 31,458,160 
1Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 2019–2026 will not be considered until future sessions of Congress. 
TABLE 2—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS * 
[Authorizing committee 302(a) allocations—(On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars)] House Energy and Commerce 2017 2017–2026 Total Budget authority Outlays Budget authority Outlays 
Current Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 457,733 447,493 6,014,424 6,014,912 Adjustment for H.R. 1628 ....................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. ¥6,300 ¥6,700 ¥1,202,800 ¥1,216,600 Revised Allocation ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 451,433 440,793 4,811,624 4,798,312 
* The score for H.R. 1628 does not allocate the changes in direct spending by committee. For purposes of this adjustment, the ch anges to direct spending are allocated to the House Energy and Commerce Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.050 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2444 March 24, 2017 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on March 23, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 1228. To provide for the appointment of members of the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance to replace members whose terms expire during 2017, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 4 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, March 27, 2017, at noon for morning-hour de-bate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
914. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s final rule — Minority and Women Outreach Program (RIN: 2590-AA87) received March 23, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 915. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Man-agement Area [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648-XE878) received March 23, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 916. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2016 Commercial Accountability Measures and Closure for South Atlantic Greater Amberjack [Docket No.: 100812345-2142-03] ) (RIN: 0648-XE896) received March 23, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 917. A letter from the Acting DDA for Reg-ulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Pro-tected Resources, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Taking and Importing Marine Mammals; Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to Russian River Estu-ary Management Activities [Docket No.: 160929897-7222-02] (RIN: 0648-BG37) received March 23, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 228. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1628) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017 (Rept. 115–58). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1430. A bill to prohibit the Environmental Protec-tion Agency from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible (Rept. 115–59). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 1718. A bill to repeal the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, Natural Resources, the Judici-ary, House Administration, Rules, and Ap-propriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER (for himself, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. B EYER , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. G
ARAMENDI ): H.R. 1719. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself and Mr. P
ASCRELL ): H.R. 1720. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the rules applica-ble to length of service award plans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 1721. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to designate at least one city in the United States each year as an ‘‘American World War II City’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia (for himself, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Caro-lina, Mr. G
OSAR , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. F
LORES , Mr. Y OHO, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. F
ERGUSON , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. O LSON , and Mr. A
LLEN ): H.R. 1722. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to modify the authority of the National Labor Relations Board with respect to rulemaking, issuance of com-plaints, and authority over unfair labor prac-tices; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself and Mr. CONYERS ): H.R. 1723. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to provide for a limitation on the time for the use of con-tributions or donations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. E
LLI-
SON, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. M OORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. N AD-
LER): H.R. 1724. A bill to amend title V of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to prohibit Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grants from being made available to a State or unit of local govern-ment that has a contract with a person that charges a fee to pay-only probationers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WALZ (for himself, Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire): H.R. 1725. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the treatment of medical evidence provided by non-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs medical profes-sionals in support of claims for disability compensation under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. firm. 
By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 1718. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 1719. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 1720. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 1721. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, of the US Constitution By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 1722. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 1723. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.049 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2445 March 24, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 1724. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. WALZ: H.R. 1725. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. A RRINGTON . H.R. 44: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 80: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 82: Mr. A
RRINGTON and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 112: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 136: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 175: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 299: Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. C
RIST, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, and Mr. R ICH-
MOND . H.R. 305: Mr. A
MASH . H.R. 402: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 489: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 502: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 579: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 580: Mr. R
USH, Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. L EE, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. K ILDEE , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 749: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 786: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 804: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 825: Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 828: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 846: Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. S
MUCKER , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 849: Mr. C
OOKand Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 873: Mr. O’R
OURKE and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 896: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 909: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 918: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 1002: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 1017: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 1057: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. B ISHOP of Geor- gia, Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 1090: Mr. S
TIVERS and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 1098: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 1111: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1154: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. R
OKITA , and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 1155: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 1159: Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 1168: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1169: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1223: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1239: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 1279: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 1299: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 1317: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 1318: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. S
PEIER , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 1334: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia and Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 1370: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1405: Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1407: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 1421: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 1438: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 1452: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 1465: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 1481: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1511: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1513: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 1552: Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 1562: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1569: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1596: Mr. W
ELCH and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 1600: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1614: Ms. L
EEand Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 1626: Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1661: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. M
ARCHANT , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1676: Mr. K
INZINGER . H.R. 1697: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER and Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania. H.J. Res. 74: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H. Res. 15: Mr. R
ENACCI , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. C APUANO , and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H. Res. 90: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H. Res. 92: Mr. Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. F ERGUSON , Mr. S
CHIFF , and Mr. P ETERS . H. Res. 128: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. L EE, Mr. B EYER , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. W OODALL , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali- fornia, and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 178: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 184: Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. M
CEACHIN . H. Res. 202: Mr. B
ARRand Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H. Res. 206: Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. H. Res. 219: Mr. N
OLAN . H. Res. 220: Mr. C
ROWLEY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:47 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR7.008 H24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE379 March 24, 2017 
COMMEMORATING THE RETIREMENT OF BOB EPLING 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the retirement of Bob Epling. Mr. Epling began his career as an assistant bank examiner with the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation in Washington, D.C. From there, he moved to South Florida, where he would spend most of the next fifty years. Mr. Epling worked for several banks in South Flor-ida, and has served as the President and CEO of Homestead/Community Bank of Flor-ida for the last forty years. Through his work at the bank, Mr. Epling has consistently prov-en himself to be an honorable, ethical man. Mr. Epling has also been an active member of the South Florida community. He has served as the Chairman of the International Hurricane Center for the past twenty years, serves on the executive board of the South Florida Council of Boy Scouts of America, and is a member of the Military Affairs Committee of the Greater Homestead/Florida City Cham-ber of Commerce, among many other activi-ties. Mr. Epling is also a Senior Advisor to the Orange Bowl Committee, after serving as its President in 1993. In his work with the Orange Bowl Committee, Mr. Epling was able to break ground on a renovation of the football stadium and field at Harris Field Park in Homestead. This project is just one example of Mr. Epling’s continuing commitment to making life better for his neighbors in South Florida. I have known Bob for several decades, and have been consistently impressed with the breadth of his involvement with the commu-nity. Bob has been a loyal friend, and is an honest voice who can speak to the positive qualities of his community as well as the chal-lenges it faces. I congratulate Bob on a re-markable career and a lasting impact made. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to Bob Epling for his tremendous service to the South Florida community, and I ask my col-leagues to join me in recognizing this remark-able individual. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. NIKI TSONGAS 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, on March 22, 2017, I missed a vote on H.R. 372 due to a family medical emergency. Had I been present for this vote, I would have voted Yea because this bill would subject the health insurance in-dustry to the same antitrust laws that other in-dustries face. On the same day, I missed a vote on H.R. 1101 because of the same family medical emergency. Had I been present for this vote, I would have voted Nay on this bill because it would allow association health plans to create and set their own health insurance standards, exempting them from most state laws and reg-ulations. I believe this bill would threaten the soundness of insurance markets and result in inadequate health insurance coverage, putting consumers at risk. f 
TRIBUTE TO SLOSTRINGER MATTHEW FRANK 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge a tragedy and recognize a young man whose contributions were anonymous but were felt by the residents and the entire fire-fighter and law enforcement community of San Luis Obispo County. Matthew Frank, known to all as the SLOStringer, died in a car accident Tuesday morning, while responding to a house fire. He was an independent photographer and reporter who was followed by thousands on social media for his reporting on fires, floods, accidents, rescues, landslides, break-ins and arrests. The San Luis Obispo High School graduate was the eyes and ears for the community when news happened. His goal, ‘‘My hope is that these sights make someone reconsider their (potentially fatal) actions.’’ He said that public safety doesn’t get a fair shake, and he ‘‘wanted to set the record straight.’’ I would like to draw attention to how much he cared for his com-munity. During one of the many disastrous wildfires we experienced on the Central Coast last year, Matthew put his life at risk to help the victims of the Chimney Fire. While covering the fire from the frontlines, he met evacuees whose pets, medications and other items were left behind in the rush to escape the fast-mov-ing fire. He used his credentials to return to the fire lines and recover those items he could for the victims. As our state’s fire agency, CalFire, stated ‘‘(Matthew) was quite often the first reporter with breaking news around the county, pro-viding details and pictures. He was an advo-cate for public safety with a great deal of re-spect for the jobs performed by our firefighters and police officers.’’ Matthew Frank, the SLOStringer, was a re-spected journalist, a businessman and an ad-vocate for public safety who will be missed for his contributions to the first-responder commu-nity and residents of San Luis Obispo County. RECOGNIZING JUSTICE JOSEPH J. MALTESE HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Justice Joseph J. Maltese for his contin-ued dedication to the judicial system. After receiving his Juris Doctor from New York Law School in 1973, Justice Maltese served as a law clerk for Judge John J. Kelly. Soon after, he started his own successful law firm, Joseph J. Maltese & Associates, which he ran from 1976 to 1992. During that same time, he was serving his country as a Legal Officer in the Judge Advocate General’s Corps of the Army. Additionally, it should be also noted that he has served in the Army as an Armor Office and an Intelligence Staff Officer. This commitment to his country goes to show just how devoted he has been to public serv-ice. With three master’s degrees, including one in Judicial Studies, and a Ph.D. in Philosophy, it is easy to say that Justice Maltese has a brilliant legal mind. Throughout his career as a judge, he has put that mind to work. He has served on the New York City Civil Court, New York City Criminal Court, and Court of Claims for Richmond County on the New York Su-preme Court. Currently, Justice Maltese serves as an Associate Justice for the Appel-late Division, Second Department, and the Presiding Justice for the New York Litigation Coordinating Panel, where he continues to issue impartial rulings based on the letter of the law, as a justice always should. Despite his busy schedule, Justice Maltese also contributes his time educating future legal minds. He serves as an Adjunct Professor of Law at New York Law School, his alma mater, and he regularly gives lectures to various legal associations. Recently, he was awarded the Charles A. Rapallo and Justice Antonin Scalia Award by the Columbian Lawyers Association for his stellar record in the judiciary. Mr. Speaker, Justice Joseph J. Maltese’s commitment to the judiciary and the rule of law is nothing short of admirable. I thank him for his lifetime of public service, and I wish him nothing but the best. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, due to the recent birth of my first grandson, Walker Ross Marchant on March 21, 2017, I missed the fol-lowing votes on March 20th and 21st, 2017: Roll Call Vote No. 173: Reducing DHS Ac-quisition Cost Growth Act, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K24MR8.001 E24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE380 March 24, 2017 
Roll Call Vote No. 174: DHS Multiyear Ac-quisition Strategy Act of 2017, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Roll Call Vote No. 175: DHS Acquisition Au-thorities Act of 2017, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Roll Call Vote No. 176: On ordering the pre-vious question, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Roll Call Vote No. 177: Providing for consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 372) to restore the ap-plication of the Federal antitrust laws to the business of health insurance to protect com-petition and consumers, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Roll Call Vote No. 178: Transparency in Technological Acquisitions Act of 2017, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Roll Call Vote No. 179: On ordering the pre-vious question, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Roll Call Vote No. 180: Providing for consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 1101) to amend title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to improve access and choice for entrepreneurs with small businesses with re-spect to medical care for their employees, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Roll Call Vote No. 181: Quadrennial Home-land Security Review Technical Corrections Act of 2017, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE AMERICAN RED CROSS OF NORTHEASTERN PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the American Red Cross of Northeastern Pennsylvania which celebrates 100 years of service on March 23, 2017. Northeastern Pennsylvanians have a long his-tory of helping our neighbors in need. For the past 100 years, the American Red Cross has been there for the residents of Northeastern Pennsylvania. Founded in 1917, the Red Cross chapters across Northeastern Pennsylvania have been there through wars, epidemics, coal mine acci-dents, fires, floods, tornadoes, hurricanes and more. Red Cross volunteers and donors have given of their time and resources to help com-munity members. Members of the Red Cross help families find shelter after a home fire. They give blood to help trauma victims and cancer patients. They deliver comfort items to military mem-bers in the hospital. They use their lifesaving skills to save someone from a heart attack, drowning, or choking. Red Cross volunteers have responded to 130 disasters in North-eastern Pennsylvania. They’ve supported more than 200 families in a time of crisis, some who had lost everything they owned. Di-rect financial assistance was given to some 535 residents. The Red Cross is committed to make our communities safer. Volunteers installed more than 4,000 smoke alarms in Northeastern Pennsylvania homes and trained nearly 3,700 children to deal with emergency situations. An-other 10,000 adults were trained to perform life-saving techniques such as First Aid and CPR. The Red Cross of Northeastern Penn-sylvania has delivered 365 various services to our military members, veterans, and their fami-lies through its Services to Armed Forces Pro-gram. I am grateful to all those who support the American Red Cross mission of preventing and alleviating human suffering in the face of emergencies. It is an honor to recognize them for their century of service. May they continue to fulfill their humanitarian mission. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF TAYLOR DAILY 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and bid farewell to a valued and trusted member of my team here in Wash-ington, D.C., Taylor Daily. Taylor has risen through the ranks to become a Legislative Aide in my office and will soon be departing the Capitol to prepare for law school. I extend my deepest and most heartfelt con-gratulations to Taylor, who I know will thrive in law school and later as an attorney just as she did at Spring-Ford High School, later at Loyola University in Baltimore, and most recently in my office. Taylor has become not just a capable mem-ber of our legislative team—she’s become a good friend. I am confident that she will con-tinue to make everyone who knows her proud. Her parents, Rob & Wendy, deserve rec-ognition for raising such a remarkable daugh-ter destined to achieve remarkable things. I congratulate Taylor and wish her the best as she embarks upon an important milestone in her education and her life. 
f 
HONORING DELTA INDUSTRIAL INSTITUTE HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize The Delta Indus-trial Institute High School of Sunflower County. Attorney William Franklin Reden was from Illinois. In 1908 he graduated from The Univer-sity of Iowa with his Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) degree. He arrived in Mississippi in 1910 and taught school for two years at Utica Institute in Rankin County, Mississippi. In 1914, he estab-lished ‘‘The Vocational Experimental School for Negroes’’ in the Mississippi Delta, just 1
1⁄2 miles northeast of Doddsville. It was initially founded as an educational pilot program to teach the children of sharecropper’s in the Mississippi Delta. The idea evolved from there to become ‘‘The Delta Industrial Institute High School’’ in 1917 when it was incorporated. The Delta Industrial Institute (DII) High School was a private institution similar to the concept of the Piney Woods Country Life School in Rankin County, Mississippi. DII was a boarding school on 80 acres of State leased land. It brought hope, a renewed and change in the delivery of education in the Delta. Prior to the opening of the Institute most of the chil-dren received their education inside of church schools. It operated during the off season of harvesting, which was mainly in the winter months. The schools curriculum focused on Morals, Religion, Literary, and Industrial Education with classes in agriculture, home economics, academics and the development of lifelong skills. Students from different grade levels at-tended the school. There were no buses or automobiles to transport the children to and from school. Many of them walked for miles and some were barefoot without adequate clothing for the walk to school during the win-ter months. The Delta Industrial Institute High School was like home and family to students. They thought of it as a ‘‘community’’ because of the caring and sharing among teachers to students, in an effort to make the best of things given the era and lack of available re-sources. Their text books were often outdated and passed down from the white schools. So was equipment (e.g., home economics), and other materials. In a 1924 newspaper article written by Hor-ace Sylvan Stansel, published in the Ruleville Record, the Mississippi Department of Edu-cation received its’ accreditation approval as an accredited agricultural high school. This made it the first African American school in the nation to receive this accreditation. The Delta Industrial Institute High School was in-corporated in 1917 and educated students for 45 years of their 50 year lease on land from the State of Mississippi. The school closed its doors in 1959 at the time when talks of con-solidating the school were going on. Ms. Hazael Willis Barney, a graduate of the school along with other graduates started the Delta Industrial Institute High School (DII) alumni association. She is also the historian for the school. The Delta Industrial Institute School has educated doctors, lawyers, teach-ers, and politicians. In fact, Ms. Blanche Smith a graduate of DII went on to become the first Black female Mayor of Muskegon, Michigan. In a 2011 article by Andrea Hall, printed in the Commonwealth Greenwood newspaper, Ms. Barney commented on her inspiration for pre-serving the history of the Delta Industrial Insti-tute High School by saying, ‘‘We are all only here for a short time, so each generation must leave an imprint . . . The DII is an important part of each black student’s history in this state.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Delta Industrial Institute High School located 11⁄2miles northeast of Doddsville, MS located in Sunflower County inside of the Second Congressional District of Mississippi. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, on Thurs-day, March 23, 2017, I was unable to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted as fol-lows: On roll call No. 189, YEA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR8.001 E24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE381 March 24, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, due to a medical emergency, I was unable to vote on roll call votes 173 through 187. I would like to reflect that if present, I would have voted: aye on roll call number 173; aye on roll call number 174; aye on roll call number 175; nay on roll call number 176; aye on roll call number 177; aye on roll call number 178; nay on roll call num-ber 179; nay on roll call number 180; aye on roll call number 181; nay on roll call number 182; aye on roll call number 183; aye on roll call number 184; aye on roll call number 185; aye on roll call number 186; and aye on roll call number 187. 
f 
HONORING DWAYNE K. PICKETT, SR. 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Dr. Dwayne K. Pickett, Sr. A native of the small town of Itta Bena in the Mississippi Delta, Dr. Pickett graduated from Terry High School in Terry, MS. He earned a Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education from the University of Southern Mis-sissippi in May, 1994; a Master of Education in Administration from the University of South-ern Mississippi in May, 1995; a Master of Arts in Christian Education from Reformed Theo-logical Seminary (Jackson, MS) in 2000; and a Doctor of Philosophy in Christian Education from New Orleans Baptist Seminary in May, 2011. Dr. Pickett has five sons: Julian (Elyane Alexander), Kendedrick, Malcolm, Dwayne, Jr., and Keishun. In addition to preaching on Sundays at New Jerusalem, Pastor Pickett has been a guest preacher nationally and internationally. Past service includes his roles as Executive Direc-tor of the General Missionary Baptist State Convention Youth Department and Director of Christian Education for the Southern Regional Youth Conference. He has a monthly weekend men’s retreat where he teaches a Bible study along with Dr. John Perkins that is designed to develop and encourage vital African-American male evangelical leaders in Mississippi, and he is commissioned by the Christian Men’s Network to train men worldwide. Pastor Pickett’s civic service includes suc-cessfully chairing the steering committee for a Hinds County Bond Issue of $21.5 million; en-listment in the Army National Guard, including a tour of duty in Desert Storm/Desert Shield (Sept. 1990 to Dec. 1991); and serving as as-sistant principal at Brinkley Middle School in Jackson. He believes that an effective king-dom church is active in its local community through education, through ministry outside the church’s ‘‘four walls’’, through breaking the curse of poverty and its social damage, and through offering experiential immersion in God’s demonstrated operations of the Spirit in His church. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. Dwayne K. Pickett, Sr. for his dedication to serving others. f 
ST. ANTHONY HIGH SCHOOL 2016–17 BOYS’ BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge the Effingham St. Anthony High School boys’ basketball team upon winning its first state championship. This is a remarkable achievement for the Class 1A school and re-flects the hard work, determination, and talent this year’s team possessed. The Bulldogs’ season started and ended in exciting fashion. They opened with the annual St. Anthony Turkey Tourney and beat a Class 3A opponent for third place, beginning a 19- game winning streak. The Bulldogs later took home the titles in the Vandalia Holiday Tour-nament and the National Trail Conference Tournament. Although the Bulldogs hit a rough patch when they lost four of six games, lone senior and all-state selection Drew Gibson coined St. Anthony’s 1,000-point club, and the team com-pleted a perfect 8–0 conference season. In the state championship game, St. An-thony matched up with the highly ranked Okawville Rockets, who forced overtime, but the Bulldogs would find a way to close out a 49–46 victory to conclude a 30–5 campaign, the most wins in school history. In addition to being the school’s first state title, it also marked the first for the city of Effingham. Led by Coach Cody Rincker, team members were Gibson, Alex Beesley, Adam Levitt, Jack Nuxoll, Alex Deters, Cade Walsh, Wyatt Law-rence, Brandon Runge, Luke Ludwig, Bryson Wall, Ben Strullmyer, Quinton Milleville, and Jaccob Dust. I look forward to watching their future suc-cesses in both their academic and athletic pur-suits and wish them all the best in these en-deavors. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the St. Anthony Bulldogs on a job well done. 
f 
HONORING MR. CHARLES W. PENNY ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT AS CITY MANAGER FOR THE CITY OF ROCKY MOUNT, NORTH CAROLINA 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize my longtime friend and constituent, Mr. Charles W. Penny as he retires at the end of this month after serving 35 years in a vari-ety of positions with local governments across North Carolina—most recently as Rocky Mount City Manager. Charles Penny is a dedi-cated public servant and very active in the City of Rocky Mount. A native North Carolinian, Charles Penny was born on December 25, 1957 in the City of Fayetteville. He and his six siblings were born to the late Necho Penny and the former Eva Dell. He attended Ferguson Elementary School and Washington Drive Junior High School in Fayetteville and is a graduate of his-toric E. E. Smith High School. Mr. Penny attended my alma mater North Carolina Central University in Durham, North Carolina where he graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Political Science, with a concentration in Public Administration. In May 1984, he received a Masters of Public Administration from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill where he was the 1980 recipient of the Urban Management Traineeship Award. In July 1981, Charles Penny began his ca-reer in local government in Morganton, North Carolina as Assistant to the City Manager. Four years later, he assumed a similar posi-tion in Kinston. He was appointed Assistant City Manager of Asheville, North Carolina in February 1987 where he served as City Coor-dinator for the 1988 North Carolina League of Municipalities Convention. He and his family then moved to Rocky Mount, and he became the Director of Planning and Development. In January 1995, he was promoted to Assistant City Manager of Rocky Mount. On January 1, 2011, Charles Penny became the first African American City Manager for the City of Rocky Mount where he managed an annual budget of over $210 million. Charles Penny has shown true leadership in his community by improving and positively im-pacting the lives of those who live and work in his community. He served as Past Chair of the Board of Trustees at Elizabeth City State Uni-versity. He is the Former Chair of the Board of Directors for the Lucy Ann Boddie Brewer Boys and Girls Club in Rocky Mount and the American Red Cross in Asheville, North Caro-lina. He also served on the Board of Directors for the Asheville City School Foundation, the Metropolitan Sewage District, the Neighbor-hood Housing Services of Asheville, and the Nash Health Care Foundation. Currently, Charles Penny is on the Board of Directors for the Rocky Mount Community Foundation and is a member of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, In-corporated. Charles Penny is married to the former Edith Allen of Durham, North Carolina. They share two children—a daughter, Eva, and a son, Charles. They are members of Metropoli-tan Baptist Church in Rocky Mount where Mr. Penny is the former Chairman of the Trustee Ministry and currently serves as Co-Chairman of the Deacon Ministry. Mr. Speaker, Charles W. Penny has dedi-cated his entire adult life to public service. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the dedication and selflessness displayed by Mr. Penny for over 35 years as a public serv-ant in North Carolina. While Charles is deserv-ing of far greater accolades from a grateful public, my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in express-ing our sincere appreciation for Charles Pen-ny’s hard work and sacrifice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR8.006 E24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE382 March 24, 2017 
HONORING SGT. ERIC HENRY 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a courageous gen-tleman, Sergeant Eric Henry, Mississippi State Trooper. Eric has shown what can be done through ambition, tenacity and a desire to serve others. Sergeant Eric Henry is a part of the 412th Engineer Tech located in Vicksburg, Mis-sissippi. Sergeant Henry’s civilian works has been with several law enforcement agencies. In 2007, he became a Mississippi State Troop-er. He is stationed at the Jackson Troop C Station located in Pearl. Sergeant Henry began his military services in December 1998. After enlisting, he was sent to Ft. Sill in Oklahoma for basic training. Basic training was followed by an assignment to AIT at Ft. Lenard Wood in Missouri where he was trained to be a construction engineer and heavy equipment operator. Sgt. Henry has served two tours in Iraq, in 2003 and 2011. Sgt. Henry’s experience has given him a great love and respect for the military and law enforcement. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Sergeant Eric Henry for his passion and dedication to serving our great Country, the State of Mississippi, his commu-nity and desire to make a difference in the lives of others. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT GENERAL ROBERT S. FERRELL 
HON. C.A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an exceptional officer in the United States Army, Lieutenant General Robert S. Ferrell, who has served as the Chief Information Officer/G6 of the United States Army, and will be released from active duty after more than 37 distinguished years of ac-tive Federal service on 31 March 2017. Throughout his career, General Ferrell has personified the highest standards of Army pro-fessionalism and the Soldierly virtues of duty, integrity, and selfless service to the Army and our Nation. Many of us on Capitol Hill have enjoyed the opportunity to work with General Ferrell, and it is my privilege to recognize his achievements. General Ferrell, a native of Alabama, was subsequently raised in New Jersey, enlisted in the Army in 1977 and attained the rank of Ser-geant. He then attended Hampton University, enrolled as an ROTC Cadet, and completed his studies as a Distinguished Military Grad-uate, earning a commission as a Signal Corps Officer. Throughout his extraordinary career, Gen-eral Ferrell has served in a variety of com-mand and staff assignments, leading men and women in peace and war, in combat and in humanitarian missions, having commanded Soldiers in Korea, Germany, Bosnia- Herzegovina and at installations throughout the United States to include Fort Bragg, Fort Hood, Aberdeen Proving Ground and at the Headquarters, Department of the Army, Pen-tagon, Washington, D.C. General Ferrell has served in positions of truly global responsibility as the Commanding General, U.S. Army Communications-Elec-tronics Command, the Director of C4 Systems, U.S. Africa Command, the Commander, 2nd Signal Brigade, 5th Signal Command, and the Commander 13th Signal Battalion, 1st Cavalry Division. Of special note, General Ferrell has spent the last 3 years as the Chief Information Offi-cer/G6, responsible for the leadership, over-sight, management and execution of the Army’s information technology enterprise, syn-chronizing the resourcing, development and implementation of Army communications and network capabilities for our 1.1 million person Army, and has proven himself a tremendous leader who has demonstrated unselfish devo-tion to the Nation and our Soldiers and Army Civilians. General Ferrell’s personal efforts have been instrumental in leading the Army and devel-oping an integrated approach to Army Network and communication operations and mod-ernization that significantly enhanced the read-iness and warfighting capability of Army forces worldwide. General Ferrell exemplifies the most impor-tant characteristics of our nation’s finest mili-tary leaders—to include an unwavering sense of duty and tireless devotion to the welfare of our Soldiers, Army Civilians and their Families. He is the proud son of a retired Army Non- Commissioned Officer and for the last seventy consecutive years, a member of the Ferrell family has proudly served in the Armed Forces of the United States. On behalf of Congress and the United States of America, I thank General Ferrell, his wife Monique, a member of Army Senior Ex-ecutive Service herself, his two sons, Robert II and Michael, and their entire family for the commitment, sacrifices, and contribution they have made throughout General Ferrell’s hon-orable military service. Congratulations on completing an exceptional and successful ca-reer. 
f 
HONORING RAYMOND CARTEZ CARTER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor an extraordinary com-munity leader, Raymond Carter. Mr. Raymond Cartez Carter’s life began in Marks, MS. On a small farm plantation to his mother Inell Carter. Raymond has resided in Marks for 45 Years and remains a loyal cit-izen. Raymond Carter is a graduate of Quitman County High School. Shortly after, he joined the U.S. Army Reserve with the 479th ordinance group in Lyon, MS. After attending basic training in Fort Leonard Wood, MO and munitions training in Redstone Arsenal, AL. He returned home to pursue his education in General Psychology. Raymond began his college education at Northwest MS Community College in Senatobia, MS, but before his completion of registration, Raymond received a call at his home in the fall of 1990, stating that his unit had been mobilized and were being called to duty. At the age of 19, Raymond was off to defend his country in the Persian Gulf War, known as Operation Desert Storm. Raymond Carter spent 9 months 21 days of active duty service, before safely returning home with his entire unit. Upon returning home, Raymond took time to reunite with family and friends to restore his family values. In 1995, Raymond was approached by a vi-sionary that helped him launch a Culinary Ca-reer, which has proven to be his calling. Through the apprenticeship of several high profile culinarians Raymond Carter has made his mark as an astounding Chef and Caterer. He has since then appeared on both Fox 13 out of Memphis TN, as well as WREG pro-viding media advertisement for his Casino based jobs. Raymond has also traveled the world competing in culinary cooking competi-tions, in which he won 3rd place in Memphis, TN at The Rajun Cajun Crawfish Festival. Raymond also has published recipes in the 7Stars Cookbook published by Caesars Enter-tainment. He has since gone on to prepare his signature dish, fried portabella mushrooms for The New York City Food and Wine Festival. Raymond has also shared the spotlight with the likes of Sonny Anderson, Robert Irvine, Guy Fieri, and many other Food Network Stars. Raymond most recently settled into a ca-reer, as a Food Service Director for Coahoma Community College through Valley Services Inc. Raymond is a member of Valley Queen Missionary Baptist Church in Marks, MS. Mr. Carter is also a member of Jonestown Ma-sonic Lodge No. 599 and is a 32nd Degree Mason. He also binds with his community as a member of the ‘‘Intruder’s Motorcycle Group,’’ whose endeavors are to help build a strong community for our elders and youths. Mr. Carter is a loving and devoted father of four children. Michelle (wife) Ariane, Rachelle, Douglas, Jasmine (children). He has three grandchildren, Allyson, Janae, Jade. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Raymond Carter for his dedica-tion as a respected community leader. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. JOSEPH SCHMIDT 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Joseph Schmidt for his career and service for over 50 years at Saint Patrick High School in Chicago, IL. Founded in 1861, Saint Patrick High School is the oldest all-boys Catholic school in Chicago and continues to prepare young men for life by instilling in them a sense of vocation, civic responsibility, and strong personal value. Dr. Schmidt began his career at Saint Pat-rick’s High School in 1967 as a business teacher, basketball coach, and tennis coach. In 1974, he was named the dean of students and in 1987, he became principal of the school. In 1997, Dr. Schmidt was inducted into the Saint Patrick’s Hall of Fame and in 2013 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MR8.010 E24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE383 March 24, 2017 
he became the school’s second president and the first lay president. Dr. Schmidt earned a bachelor’s degree in Business Management from Purdue University in 1967. He received a master’s degree from Loyola University Chicago in School Adminis-tration in 1975, and a doctoral degree from Northern Illinois University in School Adminis-tration in 1989. Saint Patrick High School recently awarded Dr. Schmidt with the ‘‘Crystal Shamrock Award,’’ the highest honor one can receive at Saint Patrick High School. The award was cre-ated to recognize individual achievements and commitments to Lasallian education, the ad-vancement of society, and the mission of Saint Patrick’s High School. He served as the Grand Marshall on March 12, 2017 in the Northwest Side Irish Parade in Chicago. Dr. Schmidt has been committed to the stu-dents at Saint Patrick High School since 1967. The current dean of students, Russell Lucas, a 1981 alumnus, said this of Dr. Schmidt, ‘‘. . . He always has time to listen, he is going to work with you and he makes you a better person. I truly want to emulate him. He is truly my mentor.’’ Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in recognizing 50 years of dedication Dr. Joseph has shown in education and serv-ice. Dr. Joseph has changed the lives of many young men by providing them with the tools they need to succeed in their future endeav-ors. He is truly an inspiring figure in our com-munity and I thank him for his years of serv-ice. 
f 
HONORING MS. MADELENE LYON 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Madelene Lyon, whom I have named Woman of the Year in Lake County, California. For more than six decades, Ms. Lyon has selflessly offered both her time and talents to the community. Her leadership serves as an inspiration to many in our community, especially her five children, nine grandchildren and five great-grand-children. After graduating from Kelseyville High School in 1950, Ms. Lyon attended UC Davis, where she studied Home Economics. Fol-lowing a brief period of substitute teaching, Ms. Lyon became the Owner and Operator of Konocti Catering from 1982 until 2014. Since then she has generously used her superb cul-inary skills to help those in need, volunteering at the Kelseyville Food Pantry and at the An-nual Hospice three-day Bereavement Camp where she prepared food for the numerous campers and staff Beginning in the late 1960’s, Ms. Lyon and her late husband, Walt, became active mem-bers in the Lake County agricultural commu-nity. Together they raised walnuts, pears and wine grapes, while also working in the sheds during the harvest. In addition, Mr. and Ms. Lyon actively participated in the planning and construction of the Education Pavilion at Clear Lake State Park. Ms. Lyon has contributed to our commu-nity’s growth through her extensive volunteer work at organizations such as the March of Dimes Lake County, where she served as the Chair and Executive Board Member for eight-een years. She also filled multiple roles for the Redbud Audubon Society, serving as Con-servation Chair and Chair for both the Bird Count Dinner and Annual Dinner. Additionally, Ms. Lyon draws on her extensive experience with education in her seat on the Lake County Board of Education. Mr. Speaker, Madelene Lyon is a commu-nity leader and mentor who continues to con-tribute tirelessly to Lake County’s progress and success. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today. f 
IN HONOR OF MIKE SMITH 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Mike Smith possesses a vision of service that is now celebrating its 20th anniversary. With Bar-bara Knox and Dr. Rose Austin, Mike helped launch the Rotary Club of East Montgomery County. Since its incorporation on February 28, 1997, the Rotary Club of East Montgomery County has experienced many changes. Start-ing as a small breakfast club at the Bentwood Country Club, it increased in size and influ-ence throughout its history. In its 20th year, the Rotary Club’s growth has led it to a new, larger meeting location at the Courtyard Mar-riott in Kingwood. What hasn’t changed is the Club’s commit-ment to service in its local community and around the world. Whether it is funding schol-arships for the students of our local school districts, volunteering with the Salvation Army, building and supporting a school in Guate-mala, providing food relief in Haiti, or sending supplies for infants in Nicaragua, the Rotary Club of East Montgomery County continues to improve lives. On February 28, 1997, Mike was part of the original meeting of the Rotary Club of East Montgomery County. It was twenty years ago when articles of incorporation papers were signed and original officers agreed to serve in the club. The meeting was held at Walter McKeller’s New Caney bank office with Mike, Ike Williams, Eugene Wisenbaker, and Jim Dickson. A local Farmers Insurance agent and busi-ness owner for 29 years, Mike served as the club’s second president. Throughout his time with the club, he witnessed the club’s first presidential citation and the first hosting of a foreign exchange student. Plus, he was the first to make a hole in one at the Rotary Golf Tournament. In addition to serving in the Rotary Club, Mike has served his community in multiple ca-pacities as Chairman of the Board for the Community Chamber of Commerce of East Montgomery County and as a board member of EMCID, Montgomery County United Way, and Lake Houston YMCA. As we congratulate the Rotary Club of East Montgomery County on their 20th anniversary, we thank Mike Smith for his work as a charter member and his service to the community. Mike truly embodies the motto of Rotary: Serv-ice Above Self. IN HONOR OF MRS. MARGARET MOORMAN OF ARKADELPHIA, ARKANSAS HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, the world has changed much over the last 100 years. If you want to know just how much, ask Mrs. Margaret Moorman of Arkadelphia, Arkansas. In 1917, the U.S. faced uncertainty as Presi-dent Woodrow Wilson prepared our nation for World War I. But all was not bleak. 1917 was also when Loretta Walsh became the first fe-male petty officer in the U.S. Navy and women were granted the right to vote in New York state elections. In her 100 years of life, Mrs. Moorman saw America win two world wars and put a man on the moon. She has lived through the adminis-trations of 18 presidents of the United States and experienced the American dream. She worked for 20 years as a food service director, dedicating her life to making sure children had a full stomach in order to learn and grow. At 100-years-old, Mrs. Moorman is sur-rounded by many loved ones, including her three children, six grandchildren, and 13 great grandchildren. As Mrs. Moorman celebrates her 100th birthday on Friday, March 30, 2017, I would like to wish a her a happy birthday. 
f 
HONORING BRIGADIER GENERAL (RETIRED) MARGARETT E. BARNES 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a veteran, Brigadier General (Retired) Margarett E. Barnes of Byram, MS. Brigadier General (Retired) Margarett E. Barnes was commissioned in 1984 as an Army Reserve Officer. She made history being the first African American female from Mis-sissippi to be promoted to the rank of Briga-dier General in the United States Army. She retired from military service in October 2014. Brigadier General (Retired) Barnes served three years as enlisted service prior to obtain-ing a Direct Appointment. A lifelong resident of Mississippi, she earned her bachelor’s degree in political science from the University of Southern Mississippi, a Master of Public Ad-ministration from the University of South Ala-bama, and a Master of Strategic Studies from the Army War College. She began her commissioned career with the 412th Replacement Company in Pascagoula, Miss., where she was Team Leader. She served as Battalion Maintenance Officer for the 845th Signal Battalion, and then she returned to the 412th as Company Com-mander. The 412th was mobilized during Op-eration Desert Shield/Storm, and she served as its commander at the CONUS Replace-ment Center, Fort Benning, Ga. After demobili-zation, she was assigned to the 3d Personnel Command in Jackson, Miss., where she served as Public Affairs Officer, Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MR8.013 E24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE384 March 24, 2017 
the General Staff and Inspector General. BG Barnes was then assigned to the 348th Per-sonnel Group in New Orleans, where she had key developmental positions of S–2/3 and Chief, Personnel Operations Center. She was selected as Commander of the 324th Replace-ment Battalion in Starkville, Miss. During her tenure as 324th Commander, she deployed with her battalion to Camp Wolf, Kuwait, in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. It was during this deployment period that her unit was awarded the Meritorious Unit Commenda-tion. After commanding the 324th, BG Barnes was again selected for command and returned to the 348th Personnel Group in New Orleans to serve as Commander. In August 2007, she began service as the U.S. Army Forces Com-mand Deputy, Assistant Deputy G–1 at Fort McPherson, and served as Commander, U.S. Army Forces Command (FORSCOM) Aug-mentation Unit in Atlanta. Her last assignment before retiring was Deputy Commanding Gen-eral of the U.S. Army Human Resource Com-mand at Fort Knox, Kentucky. Her military education includes Enlisted Basic Training, Advanced Individual training as a 76Y (Unit Supply Specialist) Reserve Course; 75C (Personnel Management Spe-cialist) Reserve Course; NBC Officer Reserve Course; Adjutant General Officer Basic Course; 121st Army Reserve Command (ARCOM) Pre-Command Course; Security Manager Course; Adjutant General Officer Ad-vanced Course; Combined Arms Services Support School; Inspector General Course; In-spector General Site Administrator Course; Command and General Staff Officer Course; Mobilization Officer Course; Middle East Ori-entation Course; Adjutant General Battalion/ Brigade-Level Pre-Command Course; Army Reserve Battalion/Brigade-Level Pre-Com-mand Course; U.S. Army War College; CAP-STONE; and Advanced Joint Professional Mili-tary Education. Her awards and decorations include the Dis-tinguished Service Medal, Legion of Merit, Army Bronze Star, Meritorious Service Medal (2nd Oak Leaf Cluster), Global War on Ter-rorism Expeditionary Medal, Global War on Terrorism Medal, The Army Commendation Medal (with 4th Oak Leaf Cluster), Army Achievement Medal, Army Reserve Compo-nent Achievement Medal (with 4th Oak Leaf Cluster), National Defense Service Medal, Armed Forces Reserve Medal (with Bronze Hourglass and ‘‘M’’ Device and ‘‘2’’ for number times mobilized) Army Service Ribbon, and the Army Re-serve Overseas Training Ribbon (with the Bronze Arabic Number 2). She received a commission as an honorary Kentucky Colonel from the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing a remarkable woman and an honorable veteran of the United States Army, Brigadier General (Retired) Margarett E. Barnes. 
f 
HONORING MS. KAREN CAKEBREAD 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Karen Cakebread whom I have named the 2017 Woman of the Year in Napa County, California. Ms. Cakebread is a civic leader in our community who has contributed her time and talents to many noteworthy causes and events. A native Californian, Ms. Cakebread has a passion for supporting our community’s suc-cess and everyone knows her for her compas-sion and dedication. She works closely with many leaders in our Napa Valley wine com-munity to ensure the success and vitality of the region. Ms. Cakebread has served as chair for the Napa Valley Vintners marketing committee, a co-chair of the group’s signature event Auction Napa Valley and as a board member. When Calistoga Winegrowers sought recognition as an American Viticultural Area (AVA), Ms. Cakebread served as an inaugural board member for the group and was instru-mental in obtaining the AVA designation. Fur-thermore, she has also served as a committee chair for the Napa Valley Grapegrowers’ an-nual Harvest STOMP event. Ms. Cakebread also serves on a number of prominent Napa Valley nonprofit boards in-cluding the St. Helena Hospital Foundation, the Calistoga Chamber, and the Elaine Mackie Charitable Trust. She is also a strong sup-porter of the Canine Companions and Guide Dogs programs that provide for the health needs of some of our community’s most vul-nerable members. Nothing shows Ms. Cakebread’s talents and commitment to her neighbors more than her tireless effort to help people in need after the devastating Valley Fire in 2015. She put her experience in event management to work co-ordinating with volunteers, nonprofits and city and county government officials to organize tens of thousands of meals for those displaced by the fire. Mr. Speaker, Karen Cakebread is a true leader in our Napa community whose gen-erosity and dedication set her apart. There-fore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH AN-NIVERSARY OF SACRAMENTO CITY COLLEGE 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th Anniversary of Sac-ramento City College. As the Sacramento re-gion celebrates one of its most valued edu-cational establishments, I ask all my col-leagues to join me in honoring this historical institution in Sacramento. I know first-hand the positive impact that Sacramento City College has had on our com-munity. I have long been a supporter of this distinguished college and the many programs it provides for its students and the surrounding community. Over the years, Sacramento City College has remained steadfast in its mission to create a learning community that celebrates diversity, nurtures personal growth, and in-spires academic and economic leadership. At the same time, the college has constantly pro-gressed and improved its academic offerings to ensure that its students have access to a wide range of opportunities and services to advance their success. Founded in 1916 as part of Sacramento High School, Sacramento City College is the seventh oldest community college in Cali-fornia. In 1964, the college joined the Los Rios Community College District. Today, Sac-ramento City College provides over 22,000 students a year with exceptional higher learn-ing opportunities through its many academic and vocational programs. Sacramento City College is committed to fostering a diverse learning community and this commitment is re-flected in its investments in students, faculty, and staff. Mr. Speaker, as Sacramento City College celebrates its centennial anniversary with a Centennial Gala, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring this staple of the Sac-ramento community for all it has provided to our region over the last 100 years. f 
IN HONOR OF DR. ROSE AUSTIN 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Rose Austin possesses a vision of service that is now celebrating its 20th anniversary. With Mike Smith and Barbara Knox, Dr. Austin helped launch the first Rotary Club of East Montgomery County and served as the club’s first female president. Since its incorporation on February 28, 1997, the Rotary Club of East Montgomery County has experienced many changes. Start-ing as a small breakfast club at the Bentwood Country Club, it increased in size and influ-ence throughout its history. In its 20th year, the Rotary Club’s growth has led it to a new, larger meeting location at the Courtyard Mar-riott in Kingwood. What hasn’t changed is the Club’s commit-ment to service in its local community and around the world. Whether it is funding schol-arships for the students of our local school districts, volunteering with the Salvation Army, building and supporting a school in Guate-mala, providing food relief in Haiti, or sending supplies for infants in Nicaragua, the Rotary Club of East Montgomery County continues to improve lives. Service is where Rose excels. That is why she received Rotary International’s Four Ave-nues of Service Award and was inducted into District 5910’s Roll of Fame. She is a major donor, benefactor, and member of the Be-quest Society. Rose also served as District Governor from 2010 through 2011. Rose authored a community development grant to empower community leaders to teach New Caney and Splendora ISD students how to help make thoughtful and beneficial life choices. Under her leadership, the club be-came active in The Rotary Foundation and hosted the district’s Foundation Seminar, col-laborated with Lone Star College-Kingwood for Career Day, and held a Reading Hour with area elementary students. During her year as Governor, she hosted the district’s Million Dollar Dinner and travelled to India, where she participated in a National Immunization Day. India was declared polio- free shortly after her visit, and Rose proudly states that she had a part in a polio-free India. Since serving as District Governor, Rose has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MR8.017 E24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE385 March 24, 2017 
been a Rotary President-Elect Training Sem-inar facilitator/discussion leader, and she has received the Trailblazing Women of Rotary award. Through her years of service, by her side for 45 years has been her husband and college sweetheart, Milton. I congratulate the Rotary Club of East Mont-gomery County on their 20th anniversary and thank Dr. Rose Austin for her service as a charter member. Rose truly embodies the motto of Rotary: Service Above Self. 
f 
38TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TAIWAN RELATIONS ACT 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, April 10th will mark the 38th anniversary of the Taiwan Rela-tions Act (TRA). Both the TRA and the subse-quent Six Assurances given by President Reagan in 1982 are the foundation of our suc-cessful partnership with Taiwan. Since 1979, the United States has consist-ently maintained strong commercial ties with Taiwan. Currently, the country is our ninth largest trading partner. In 2015, two-way goods trade between the United States and Taiwan totaled $67 billion and the Department of Commerce estimated that trade with Taiwan supported 217,000 jobs in 2014. Looking ahead, the U.S. should continue to affirm its commitment towards assisting Tai-wan by supporting the cross-Strait policy first articulated by President Reagan that the U.S. will not discuss Taiwan’s defense priorities with the Chinese government. Mr. Speaker, for 38 years, we have enjoyed a special relationship with Taiwan and look forward to continuing this successful partner-ship. 
f 
HONORING MRS. MARGRIT MONDAVI 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of my good friend Margrit Mondavi whom I am posthumously naming Woman of the Year. She passed away on September 2, 2016 at the age of 91, but her legacy will live on as the ‘‘First Lady of Napa Valley.’’ Margrit’s name is synonymous with good food, fine wine and great art. She was a major influence in the development of our wine community, a supporter of the arts, and a true leader in making our Napa Valley a world renowned destination. Margrit Mondavi was born in Switzerland in 1925 and immigrated to America shortly after World War II. She settled in the Napa Valley in 1960 and immediately made an impression on the Valley’s cultural institutions. After volun-teering to organize a successful concert at the Charles Krug Winery in 1966, Margrit earned a position with the winery. Her career blos-somed when she was named the public rela-tions director for Robert Mondavi Winery in 1967, where she set a new course for the in-stitution’s events and support of the arts. In her decades of work at the Robert Mondavi Winery, Margrit put Napa Valley on the map as a cultural destination. The winery hosted many prominent artists to showcase their work and founded the Summer Concert Series in 1969 to bring legendary artists to the Napa region. Margrit also brought new atten-tion to the culinary art by organizing cooking classes which paired great Mondavi wines with the finest French and American food. In 2003, she published a cookbook with her daughter Annie entitled Annie and Margrit: Recipes and Stories from the Robert Mondavi Kitchen. Margrit and her late husband, Robert Mondavi, were lifelong patrons of the arts and education in our community. Margrit was in-strumental in raising support to preserve and renovate the Napa Valley Opera House. The couple also endowed the Robert Mondavi In-stitute for Wine and Food Science and the Mondavi Center for Performing Arts at the Uni-versity of California, Davis. The enology and culinary institute educates the future leaders of our wine community, and the performing arts center hosts both students and world famous performers. Mr. Speaker, Margrit Mondavi was a true pioneer and visionary who brought global ac-claim to our Napa Valley wine community. She taught us to love life a bit more and to em-brace the richness of our culture, and genera-tions to come will benefit from her contribu-tions. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her life and legacy here today. f 
HONORING SAMUEL WOODS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a courageous and re-markable veteran, Samuel Woods. Mr. Woods is a native of Leland, Mis-sissippi, born on February 22, 1944. Mr. Woods attended and finished grade school at Abraham Lincoln School Center then went to high school at Breisch High School in Leland, Mississippi. Growing up Mr. Woods was into baseball and football. In baseball, his position was cen-terfield. However, in football, he played sev-eral positions; fullback, halfback, center line-backer and outside linebacker. In high school, Mr. Woods learned how to weld and lay bricks under Mr. Turnipseed. This trade helped him get his first job in Mem-phis, Tennessee as a brick layer. While there, he received a two year scholarship at Oakton Community College but couldn’t attend be-cause he got drafted into the U.S. Army. How-ever, he didn’t want to go to regular Army so, he went home (Mississippi) to beat the Draft and start school in the Army. Mr. Woods finished basic training at Fort Polk, Louisiana. From there, he went to Fort Benning, Georgia, to Signal School and Air-borne training. Next, he was transferred and assigned to Fort Campbell, Kentucky, home of the 101st Airborne Division. He was granted a team of twelve soldiers. He moved up in rank and became SGT E–5. He joined Pistol and Rifle teams, where he got to travel and make a jump every week. Mr. Woods worked hard with his team and became team chief. In 1967, Mr. Woods’ team got airlifted to Vietnam. They were stationed at Bien Hoc home base, where he got his first Tet offense. When they landed at Bien Hoc Airbase, they were pinned down for a while. Later, they got engaged in combat. Sometime later they made it to their destination, 501 Signal Bat-talion 101st Airborne Division. Mr. Woods installed and operated various equipment; landlines (LL) and radios, set up cables and connected to the Battalion Head-quarters Toc to read out to all the units. Most of Mr. Woods’ work was done in the field. He moved around a lot to various places like Phu Bui and Hue Da Nang, always in combat. He got sprayed twice with Agent Or-ange and had a close encounter with a 122mm rocket, which causes him to have hearing problems today. After he left Vietnam in 1968, he got out of the service. After returning from Vietnam, his first job was in Greenville, Mississippi, at Atkinsaw, where he had to grind and polish saws. On January 13, 2002, Mr. Woods married Ruby Lee and they have one son, Japheth. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Samuel Woods for his time and dedication to serving our country. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANTHONY G. BROWN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 185, NAY on Roll Call No. 186, and YEA on Roll Call No. 187. 
f 
IN HONOR OF LIONS CLUBS INTERNATIONAL 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, while the world was at war in 1917, Melvin Jones, a Midwest businessman, told the members of his local business club, the Business Circle of Chicago, that there was more to life than mon-etary success. Melvin Jones used his re-sources to better the lives in his local commu-nity and around the world. His vision for the world was ordinary people using their talents to improve their local communities. Melvin Jones should be proud that the orga-nization he founded celebrates its 100th year of service. Today, Lions Clubs International is the world’s largest service club organization— with over one million members in more than forty-six thousand clubs. Lions continue their mission of improving communities, creating better places to live, work, and raise families. Melvin’s idea of a civic organization has spread from the Midwest into countries in every corner of the world. There are twenty- five amazing Lions Clubs in the Eighth District of Texas. A common desire to serve unites Lions Club members from around the world as they pro-vide humanitarian assistance, encourage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MR8.020 E24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE386 March 24, 2017 
peace, and promote international under-standing. The Lions are known worldwide for their integrity and resourcefulness as they en-courage their volunteers and empower them to serve in their local communities. Since their founding, the Lions have had a steady vision and a clear mission: to become true ‘‘knights of the blind in the crusade against darkness.’’ Their tireless efforts to aid the world’s visually impaired have set a high standard. For nearly half a century, the Lions Clubs International Foundation has made smaller, local and large-scale international hu-manitarian projects possible. In its twenty- seven year existence, SightFirst has been re-storing sight and preventing blindness on a global scale by targeting and countering the major causes of blindness. Additionally, the Lions’ Leo Program has helped give young people worldwide the op-portunity to learn servant leadership. Today, there are approximately 144,000 Leos and 5,700 Leo clubs in more than 140 countries. I am proud to congratulate all members of Lions Clubs International for their dedication to servant leadership and undying quest to better their communities by bringing millions out of darkness. 
f 
HONORING DR. RHONDA RENFRO 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Rhonda Renfro whom I have named Woman of the Year in Solano County, California. Dr. Renfro is a respected community leader and founder of Club Stride, a nonprofit group that empowers the young people in our community. A native of Los Angeles, California, Dr. Renfro studied Business Administration at San Francisco State University and Leadership at Patton University. She then completed her double doctorate in Theology and Divinity from the Miracle Faith Institute in Pensacola, Flor-ida and is an ordained Pastor. She has nearly two decades of experience in data and sys-tems management at Kaiser Permanente and has worked with numerous corporate boards. Dr. Renfro founded Club Stride, Inc. in 2011 to address the needs of underserved youth. Under her leadership, Club Stride offers young people leadership development programs and the chance to take action through social jus-tice initiatives. Through Club Stride, young people develop their public speaking skills and combat the negative stereotypes. More re-cently, Dr. Renfro launched the Hype 808 Radio internship program that brings together young adults to produce a weekly radio broad-cast. Broadcasters between ages 14 and 19 speak candidly about issues impacting their lives and encourages young people to become advocates from a young age. Dr. Renfro also organizes an annual youth scholarship awards gala to support students between 15 and 24 years old who have dem-onstrated their commitment to community, academics, church and family. The gala pro-vides awards for achievement in leadership, humanitarianism and academics. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Rhonda Renfro is a dedi-cated leader and empowers the young people in our community to be the leaders of tomor-row. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today. f 
HONORING BARBARA J.P. WASHINGTON 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Barbara J.P. Wash-ington, who is an Educator, a Leader and Public Servant. Barbara J.P. Washington holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Mississippi Valley State University and Master of Education de-gree from The University of Mississippi—both in English Education. She joined the Department of English and Foreign Languages at MVSU in 1974 as an in-structor. While at the university, she has held numerous roles such as Honors College direc-tor, Writing Center professional tutor, and stu-dent teacher supervisor. Her professional memberships include the Association for Supervision and Curriculum Development, Mississippi Association for Su-pervision and Curriculum Development, Phi Delta Kappa, National Council of Teachers of English, Mississippi Congress of Parents and Teachers, and Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Inc. Washington has served as an Education Advisory Committee member for the Leflore County School District, adviser for Alpha CM Honor Society, Region IV director of Alpha Kappa Mu Honor Society and head coach and co-coach of the Honda All-Star Academic Team. Over her career, she has earned nu-merous honors including Teacher of the Year, NAFEO Distinguished Alumni, William Winter Faculty Scholar of the Year and SACS Out-standing Services Rendered. She has actively served her community through local, state, regional and national or-ganizations. Washington served as secretary, northern regional coordinator and director for the state Parent Teacher Association; numer-ous roles for the Southern Association of Col-leges and Schools; PTSA president at Leflore County Elementary and High schools; Sunday School teacher and a host of other volunteer efforts. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Barbara J.P. Washington, an Educator, a Leader and Public Servant for her dedication to serving others and giving back to the African American community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANTHONY G. BROWN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 181. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF ALFRED ‘‘AL’’ YSRAEL 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of the late Alfred ‘‘Al’’ Ysrael. Al was a former senator in the Guam Legislature, a business leader and gen-erous philanthropist and humanitarian. He was born on April 10, 1930 and passed away on March 10, 2017 at the age of 86. Al was an icon in our island community. He was a true pioneer in business and paved the way for many on Guam. He made invaluable contribu-tions to our island economy and was instru-mental in developing Guam’s real estate and tourism industries. After finishing college in the Philippines, Al moved to Guam in 1951. He started his career working in a bowling alley, where he later went on to open and operate one of his own. He became a U.S. Citizen in 1958, and his life has been a true example of living the ‘‘Amer-ican Dream.’’ In 1960, Al married my sister Diana, and together they have five children and 15 grandchildren. Al was the founder of Tanota Partners, a family company which today owns numerous valuable real property on Guam, including the Outrigger Guam Resort and Dusit Thani Guam Resort. He was responsible for building Guam’s first hotel and developed many other hotels in Guam’s now vibrant tourist district in Tumon. Many of the modem developments in Guam’s real estate industry can be attributed to Al and his innovativeness. Al’s leadership and entrepreneurship created jobs and ex-panded real estate and development opportu-nities throughout Guam and the region. Al was inducted into the Guam Chamber of Com-merce’s Guam Business Hall of Fame in 2004 and named Guam Business Executive of the Year in 2006. In addition to Al’s success in business, he also gave back to our community as a public servant and philanthropist. Al was elected to the 12th and 13th Guam Legislature from 1973 to 1976, and served as Vice Speaker during the 13th Guam Legislature. He dedi-cated his life to improving our island and com-munity, and he supported many charitable and non-profit causes. In recent years, Al and his family gave millions of dollars to the develop-ment of Guam’s local private schools and other charitable organizations. I am deeply saddened by Al’s passing, and I join the people of Guam in celebrating his life and remembering his contributions to our is-land community. My thoughts and prayers are with his family, loved ones and friends. I espe-cially extend my condolences to his wife of 57 years, Diana; his five children, Michael, Eliza-beth, Mariana, Catherine, and Donna and their spouses; and his 15 grandchildren. He will be dearly missed, and his memory will live on in the hearts of the people of Guam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR8.025 E24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE387 March 24, 2017 
HONORING MS. SYLVIA VILLA- SERRANO 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Sylvia Villa-Serrano whom I have named the 2017 Woman of the Year in Contra Costa County, California. Ms. Villa-Serrano is a civic leader in our commu-nity who supports the small business commu-nity and youth and seniors. A native of San Francisco, California, Ms. Villa-Serrano has lived in Hercules, California since 1989. She led a successful three dec-ade long career in financial services with Wells Fargo Bank, and in her retirement, Ms. Villa-Serrano has dedicated her time and skills to supporting organizations and coordinating fundraising for worthy causes in our commu-nity. Ms. Villa-Serrano has been a true champion for small businesses in our community. She has been active with the Hercules Chamber of Commerce since 2009 and organized the city’s first ever Business and Consumer Expo. She currently serves as the Executive Director of the Bay Front Chamber of Commerce, an organization which she founded to bring to-gether the Pinole, Hercules and Rodeo Cham-bers of Commerce for coordinated develop-ment and business programs. Ms. Villa-Serrano also supports a number of noteworthy organizations that address the needs of seniors and youth in Hercules. She has been a member of the Hercules Lions Club for 15 years where she organizes vision screenings for seniors and an annual Lions Holiday Luncheon for disaster relief fund-raising. Ms. Villa-Serrano was also instru-mental in raising $50,000 to build the Chil-dren’s Garden at the Hercules Library to en-courage kids to learn and love reading. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Villa-Serrano has been a true champion for small businesses and many valuable causes in our Contra Costa commu-nity. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LAVERNE GREENFIELD 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate LaVerne Greenfield for being named a 2017 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning cen-tral Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2017 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 680 past busi-ness leaders and growing. LaVerne serves as a development associate at Greater Des Moines Habitat for Humanity, where his work improving data integrity and automation has allowed more time for staff to fundraise and work with, volunteers. He draws inspiration from his large family, and has served his community in several roles over the years outside of his work, including with the Habitat Young Professionals and the Greater Des Moines Young Professionals Connection. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like LaVerne in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating LaVerne on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2017 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANTHONY G. BROWN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 159, on Roll Call No. 160, and on Roll Call No. 161. 
f 
THE PASSING OF CAPTAIN WILLIAM ‘‘IRON BILL’’ DOWLING 
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the legacy of Captain Wil-liam Ross Dowling. A former fire fighter, Cap-tain William ‘‘Iron Bill’’ Dowling earned his nickname by courageously fighting back from the catastrophic injuries he endured in the 2013 Southwest Inn fire. He equally and re-lentlessly fought for his family, his country, and his faith. Captain Dowling died on Tuesday, March 7th, 2017, surrounded by his loving wife of 23 years, Jacki, and their three children—Forrest, Faith and Foster. He graduated from Klein Oak High School in Spring, Texas, and became a Marine after convincing a recruiting officer that he would succeed in military service. Fulfilling that promise, William Dowling earned the rank of Corporal and provided security for United Na-tions troops in Somalia, also serving in Bah-rain and Saudi Arabia, among other locations. He earned a Combat Action Ribbon, a Good Conduct Medal, a Marine Corps Expeditionary Medal, a National Defense Medal, a South-west Asia Service Medal, and a Sea Service Deployment Medal. After serving his country, Bill joined the fire service to serve his community. He was a member of the Houston Fire Department and the Champions Fire Department where he served for 13 years. He rose through the HFD ranks, and just as he preferred, worked in some of the busiest stations in the city—Stations 12, 19, 25, 48, and finally 68. Captain Dowling was among the brave fire-fighters who raced into the blaze that con-sumed an Indian restaurant and the South-west Inn motel on May 31, 2013. The roof, weakened by a smoldering pocket of fire, col-lapsed on the men with Dowling’s legs being pinned beneath the rubble. His legs had to be amputated, and he suffered brain injuries that left him unable to speak. He passed away on March 7th in Colorado after a bout of pneumonia and cellulitis. Cap-tain William ‘‘Iron Bill’’ Dowling is survived by his loving wife Jacki, and their children, For-rest, Faith and Foster; parents, Mary and Rick Dowling; sister, Mary Harrison and husband Rodney; nephew, Garrett; niece, Hannah; brother, Joseph and wife Toni; niece, Georgia Thormer and husband Michael; niece, Eliza-beth Dowling; nephew, River Dowling; brother, John and wife Sarah; nieces, Abigail and Mad-eline; and nephew, Jonathan. f 
HONORING MS. RONIT RUBINOFF 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Ronit Rubinoff whom I have named Woman of the Year in Sonoma County, California. For twenty-five years Ms. Rubinoff has served as a public interest attor-ney, significantly increasing access to justice for those that need it the most. Born in Los Angeles, California, Ms. Rubinoff later moved to Berkeley. She earned a Bachelor’s Degree in Political Science and French and then went on to complete her Doctor of Jurisprudence. She then settled in Sonoma County and has actively contributed to the County’s ability to provide top notch legal representation to all people, regardless of their ability to afford it. She took part in the development of Sonoma County’s first full service Legal Aid organization, where she cur-rently serves as the Executive Director. Ms. Rubinoff provides legal representation for domestic violence victims, families living in substandard housing, children facing abuse and neglect and elders. Additionally, Sonoma County Legal Aid provides advocacy services for Spanish speakers and undocumented indi-viduals. Currently, over four-thousand low-in-come individuals receive legal assistance every year thanks to her work with the organi-zation. Furthermore, Ms. Rubinoff enjoys mentoring current and aspiring law students. She offers advice and guidance to those who aim to be-come a public interest lawyer, preparing them for both the challenges and rewards of the field. She has also served as a Mock Trial Coach for several years and enjoys mentoring with aspiring lawyers in the competition. Mr. Speaker, Ronit Rubinoff has dedicated her legal career to promoting social justice and ensures that many people in our commu-nity receive the legal representation they need and deserve. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24MR8.030 E24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE388 March 24, 2017 
IN HONOR OF BARBARA KNOX 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Barbara Knox possesses a vision of service that is now celebrating its 20th anniversary. With Mike Smith and Dr. Rose Austin, Barbara helped launch the Rotary Club of East Montgomery County. Since its incorporation on February 28, 1997, the Rotary Club of East Montgomery County has experienced many changes. Start-ing as a small breakfast club at the Bentwood Country Club, it increased in size and influ-ence throughout its history. In its 20th year, the Rotary Club’s growth has led it to a new, larger meeting location at the Courtyard Mar-riott in Kingwood. What hasn’t changed is the Club’s commit-ment to service in its local community and around the world. Whether it is funding schol-arships for the students of our local school districts, volunteering with the Salvation Army, building and supporting a school in Guate-mala, providing food relief in Haiti, or sending supplies for infants in Nicaragua, the Rotary Club of East Montgomery County continues to improve lives. From the beginning, Barbara has diligently served on Rotary committees, as a board member, and as an essential member and vol-unteer: assisting with community service ef-forts and local fundraisers. Barbara partici-pated in Rotary events such as the annual Spelling Bee, Project Connections student scholarship event, and the annual golf tour-nament. Barbara and her husband Dalton have also worked for many years with other Rotarians at the concession stand during the East Montgomery County Fair and Rodeo. When Barbara is not volunteering with the Rotary Club, she serves as the Senior Execu-tive Vice President of Rosewood Funeral Home, where she has worked for 25 years. Barbara is not only a community leader but a community pioneer. Barbara served on the Humble Area Chamber of Commerce for eight years, becoming the first woman to chair the Chamber. For five of those years, she was chair of the Membership Committee and earned five Lifetime Memberships by recruiting at least thirty-two new chamber members each year. Additionally, Barbara has served on the board of the Greater East Montgomery County Chamber of Commerce. I want to congratulate the Rotary Club of East Montgomery County on their 20th anni-versary and thank Barbara Knox for her serv-ice to the club as a charter member and as true servant of her community. Barbara truly embodies the motto of Rotary: Service Above Self. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOE D EJONG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, March 24, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Joe DeJong for being named a 2017 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2017 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 680 past busi-ness leaders and growing. Joe leads the ESOP Finance Team at Bankers Trust Company, helping companies across the nation transition to employee own-ership and create an extremely attractive cul-ture for employees. Outside of the many hours he spends on growing the ESOP business, Joe has been a member of the Board of Di-rectors of Orchard Place for the past seven years, giving him the privilege of mentoring young men and providing him with a deeper perspective on mental health issues facing young people. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Joe in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Joe on receiving this es-teemed designation, thanking those at Busi-ness Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2017 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24MR8.035 E24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D338 Friday, March 24, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, March 27, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 8 public bills, H.R. 1718–1725, were introduced.
     Page H2444 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H2445 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H. Res. 228, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1628) to provide for reconciliation pursu-ant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017 (H. Rept. 115–58); and H.R. 1430, to prohibit the Environmental Protec-tion Agency from proposing, finalizing, or dissemi-nating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible (H. Rept. 115–59).
                                                                         Page H2444 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 218 yeas to 201 nays with 1 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 194. 
                                                                      Pages H2373, H2292–93 
Suspensions—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures. Consideration began Wednesday, March 22nd. Department of Homeland Security Acquisition Innovation Act: H.R. 1365, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require certain acquisition innovation, by a 2/3 recorded vote of 424 ayes with none voting ‘‘no’’, Roll No. 193; and 
                                                                                            Page H2392 
Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2017: H.R. 1302, to require an exercise re-lated to terrorist and foreign fighter travel. 
                                                                                    Pages H2441–42 American Health Care Act of 2017: The House considered H.R. 1628, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017. Further proceedings were postponed.
                                           Pages H2393–H2441 
Pursuant to H. Res. 228, the following amend-ments specified in section 2 shall be considered as adopted: a) the amendment printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–58, modified by the amendment printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–58; and b) the amend-ment printed in part C of H. Rept. 115–58, modi-fied by the amendments printed in part D and E of H. Rept. 115–58.
                                                     Page H2393 
H. Res. 228, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1628) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 230 ayes to 194 noes, Roll No. 192, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 236 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 191. 
                                                                                    Pages H2374–92 
Recess: The House recessed at 3:31 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H2441 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, March 27th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H2442 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2390–91, H2391–92, H2392, and H2392–93. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 4:31 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MR7.REC D24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D339 March 24, 2017 
Committee Meetings 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee concluded a hear-ing on H.R. 1628, the ‘‘American Health Care Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–3, a closed rule for H.R. 1628. The rule provides four hours of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget or their respective des-ignees. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Com-mittee report, modified by the amendment printed in part B of the report shall be considered as adopt-ed. The rule provides that the amendment printed in part C of the Rules Committee report, modified by the amendments printed in part D and part E of the report shall be considered as adopted. The rule pro-vides that the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Black, Chairman Brady of Texas, and Chairman Walden, and Representatives Yarmuth, Pallone, Neal, Pelosi, Hoyer, Clyburn, Grothman, Jackson Lee, Palmer, Barton, Collins of New York, Danny K. Davis of Il-linois, Herrera Beutler, Scott of Virginia, and Takano. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, MARCH 27, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider the nominations of Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colorado, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, and Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General, and Rachel L. Brand, of Iowa, to be Associate Attorney General, both of the Department of Justice, 12 noon, SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1430, the ‘‘HONEST Act’’; and S.J. Res. 34, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Tele-communications Services’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24MR7.REC D24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD340 March 24, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, March 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of T.D. 114–12, Protocol to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Montenegro, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the treaty at 5:30 p.m. The filing deadline for first-degree amendments to the treaty is at 3:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, March 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E386 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E383, E384, E385, E388 Brown, Anthony G., Md., E385, E386, E387 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E381 Carbajal, Salud O., Calif., E379 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E380 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E379 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E379 Green, Al, Tex., E387 Hartzler, Vicky, Mo., E380 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E379 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E384 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E380 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E382, E385 Ruppersberger, C.A. Dutch, Md., E382 Shimkus, John, Ill., E381 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E381 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E380, E381, E382, E382, E383, E385, E386 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E383, E384, E385, E386, E387, E387 Tsongas, Niki, Mass., E379 Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E383 Young, David, Iowa, E387, E388 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:00 Mar 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D24MR7.REC D24MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST