Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Alli Ragan, a native of Carbondale, Illinois, on winning a silver medal at the 2017 World Wrestling Championships in Paris last month. Alli, the Pan American champion, won silver for the second straight year, and her strong performance helped propel the U.S. team to a second place finish in the tournament. Alli, southern Illinois is extremely proud of you, and we look forward to cheering you on for many years to come. f 
RECOGNIZING MAJOR GENERAL TIMOTHY LOWENBERG (Mr. HECK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to recognize the passing of a friend of mine for 30 years—a friend to me, to our Nation, and a friend and champion to our servicemembers— Major General Timothy Lowenberg. Tim truly believed in service and began his public life at a young age, first in the Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps at the University of Iowa. It is rare in life to have the opportunity to meet a person whose very courage is contagious—Tim’s was. A 
person whose patriotism and steadfast advocacy never failed to inspire, but that was Tim. General Lowenberg testified before Congress many times as the adjutant general of Washington State. Many of you may have met him. He was always advocating for measures to keep us safe, and on behalf of his fellow servicemembers. Sadly, Tim died suddenly on August 27, leaving behind a legacy built over 44 years of service to the military and the community. His wife, Mary, and his daughter, Cathy, lost a devoted husband and loving father, and our State and Nation lost a true patriot. 
APPRECIATING BEAUTIFUL GUATEMALA (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, an extraordinary highlight of August was visiting Guatemala to observe the success for the Food for the Hungry organization. With Ambassador Tony Hall, a former Ohio Member of Congress, who is appreciated as a world champion in reducing poverty, and the Food for the Hungry director, Lucas Koach, I visited nutrition programs in very remote villages of this beautiful country. The people have suffered deficiencies due to malnutrition, including stunted height and brain development. The communities we visited were so isolated that travel was accomplished by helicopter. The Food for the Hungry ambassadors worked tirelessly to provide healthcare providers with counseling and nutritional supplements. We were welcomed by Guatemala’s Ambassador to the U.S., Manuel Espina, and Mario Bucaro, president of Guatemala Prospera. In Guatemala City, we met with the dynamic, young President Jimmy Morales and his talented Cabinet, who expressed their appreciation for Food for the Hungry giving Guatemalans the opportunity to have fulfilling and meaningful lives. We were grateful to attend a dinner with Guatemalan Caucus Chair KEN BUCKand World Food Programme Director David Beasley, former Governor of South Carolina, who addressed the next morning’s congressional prayer breakfast in Guatemala City. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our prayers for all affected by Hurricane Irma. 
LET’S HAVE AN UP OR DOWN VOTE ON THE DREAM ACT (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, this week, the President of the United States turned his back on our Nation’s immigrant heritage. With the repeal of DACA, he is creating havoc in the lives of 800,000 young Americans. Yes, Mr. President, these are Americans. The average DREAMer came here at age 6. Some of them were so young when they arrived that they do not remember the journey. Many of them only speak English. And now you are going to deport them? That is how you make America great again? The President of the United States told DREAMers that they ‘‘did not have reason to worry’’ because he has a ‘‘big heart.’’ This decision belies that claim. It shows the heartless, smallminded, and feardriven politics driving this administration’s policies. Where the President has failed to show leadership, Members of Congress, from both parties, must step up. Mr. Speaker, bring to the floor today legislation to codify DACA. Let’s have an upordown vote on the Dream Act and protect these young people. They are the face of America. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The Chair will remind Members to direct their remarks to the Chair. 
CONGRATULATING BERRY GLOBAL ON 50TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor an important milestone for a Hoosier manufacturer. Berry Global, located in Evansville, Indiana, recently celebrated its 50th anniversary. What started as an operation of three employees has grown to an international powerhouse of 2,400 employees and 23,000 employees throughout the world. As the Evansville Courier and Press wrote recently, ‘‘Berry Global is an undeniable Evansville success story.’’ Berry Global has been a pillar of our community and helped support our economy in southern Indiana. This success is an undeniable testament to the hardworking men and women who go to work at Berry Global every day. Congratulations to everyone at Berry Global on a tremendous 50 years. Here is to the next 50. 
DACA (Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of thousands of DREAMers across the country. This week, as you know, President Trump threatened to kick these children out of the only country they have ever known. In New York, we have over 40,000 DACA kids who work hard and contribute to our communities. And if the President or anyone thinks these DREAMers are somehow a threat to our country, well, I would like you to meet Laura Garcia. Laura is a neighbor of mine who lives in Orange County, New York. She was brought here from Mexico at 8 years old. She has lived here for nearly her entire life and done everything the right way, right here in the United States. Laura was elected vice president of her high school. She works three jobs to pay her way through Dutchess Community College. In the few spare moments she has, she volunteers to help others. Laura has DACA status, which means she is registered with the program. She paid a fee, she passed a criminal background check, and she has stayed out of trouble. She has done everything we have asked her to do, and she has done it the right way. All of us would be proud to have a daughter like Laura. America has hundreds of thousands of sons and daughters just like Laura. These are our children. So for those who say that DREAMers like Laura should go home, I say they can’t go home because they are home. This is their home. f 
CONGRATULATING LOWER BUCKS CAMPUS ON 10TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, this year, the Lower Bucks Campus of the Bucks County Community College celebrates their 10year anniversary. Located in Bristol, this vibrant educational hub provides many services to the lower Bucks County community. Offering day, evening, and Saturday classes, along with a host of cultural activities and civicminded programs, the local campus provides an accessible, innovative, and engaging learning environment for students, faculty, and our entire community. I am proud to recognize James Ewart, Rodney Miller, William Pezza, and Rose Marie Strippoli as the Lower Bucks Campus champions for their longstanding commitment to Bucks County Community College, the community, and the entire region. They know the value that higher education brings to our high school graduates and many others in the Lower Bucks community. These leaders empower students with the skills and credentials they need in order to secure employment in their fields, arming them with the capability to adapt and respond to the changing needs of tomorrow’s economy. Congratulations to each one of them and to the Bucks County Community College on reaching this 10year milestone. 
POSTAL SERVICE NEEDS TO BE RESPONSIVE (Mr. ENGEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call out the horrendous postal service my constituents in Westchester County, New York, are suffering. My constituents are missing paychecks, and have had their mail thrown away. This is disgraceful, and I am appalled. I have requested several meetings with Postmaster General Megan Brennan, which have been ignored. Their actions are unacceptable and are bordering on incompetence. As a Member of Congress, I demand the Postmaster General take responsibility and correct the problems my constituents are facing. Although the House is in session today, I am here to join my colleague, Senator SCHUMER , who is in my district today, calling for an investigation. Together, we will continue to push for greater oversight of the post offices in Westchester, New York, until these matters are resolved. 
IMMIGRATION BILL ENDORSED (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues may be aware of a legal immigration reform bill that increases skilled workers needed in America, reduces the chain migration of nonimmediate relatives, and saves jobs for American workers. This is to alert Members to the welcome endorsement by many in the national media. Even President Clinton liked the idea. That was when similar legislation was recommended by the Jordan Commission, chaired by the Texas Democrat, former Member Barbara Jordan. Today, similar legislation is opposed by these same newspapers. How time, or at least the political party of the authors, changes. Most of the national media supports more open borders and increased levels of immigration, contrary to a majority of the American people. But Congress needs to approve an immigration bill that puts the interests of Americans first. 
b0915 JUNE TRADE DEFICIT/TRUMP SCORECARD (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, President Trump promised to fix our trade deficits and bring back American jobs. Seven months into this administration, wages are flat and workers continue to get pink slips. The administration has not made its promises on NAFTA come true, and as of June, the end of June, the decision on steelworkers has not been done. President Trump made promises to working people and spoke endlessly about trade during the campaign, and now he has an opportunity to rewrite those economic rules for NAFTA on this continent. He could make it work for working people rather than for transnational corporate interests at the expense of everyone else. We should fix NAFTA’s lax labor standards, and the citizens of our continent would benefit. Our people have had hundreds of thousands of jobs outsourced to Mexico. Workers in Mexico earn about $3.95 an hour in the auto plants, about one ninth of average workers here north of the border. Meanwhile, our trade deficits have been increasing across the board with Mexico, which translates into more outsourced jobs and, of course, more trade deficits with the world. The June 2017 trade deficit on this chart confirms the yeartodate goods and services deficit increased by over 10 percent over last year. America can create good jobs here at home, but it can’t happen without fixing trade agreements that are seriously out of balance, starting with NAFTA. Mr. President, please fix NAFTA. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO HOUSE AMENDMENT TO SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 601, REINFORCING EDUCATION ACCOUNTABILITY IN DEVELOPMENT ACT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 509 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 509 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 601) to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to adoption without intervening motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this rule, and I believe the entire country understands why we have the underlying legislation that we have before us today. The rule provides for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 601, the Hurricane Supplemental, Debt Limit, Continuing Appropriations, and Flood Insurance Package. Mr. Speaker, what this means is that the United States Congress, the House of Representatives, first acted in response to the hurricane that hit Texas and Louisiana and caused flooding across the United States. We then passed that directly to the United States Senate, in working with the President of the United States and the administration, and the Senate has provided back the necessary agreement that they passed. That is why we are here today. We are here today because this great Nation is finding itself in a desperate plight of fighting with, for, and against Mother Nature, in an effort to provide the citizens of the United States of America with the assurances that, at a time when FEMA is engaged in over 30 different efforts across the country, the United States Congress is nimble enough and able enough to see the need of the people of the United States and to respond appropriately. It is a privatepublic partnership that takes place not just with the Federal Government, but it is a governmentto government relationship that takes place also with the United States FEMA organization representing the administration and the American people of the States in which those people reside. I must tell you that I have been impressed with not only the actions that the Federal Government has taken, but I am proud each morning that I stand up and see FEMA and its representatives discussing, preparing, and providing the American people with the necessary information, the cause and the backup to be prepared for what lies ahead. This legislation directly addresses the critical responses that are needed by this Nation and meets the funding obligations of the Nation. My fellow Texans, several of whom will be speaking this morning on the rule, are men 
who were directly in the face of the storm; and the people whom they represent and the people who have confidence in them are asking them for the necessary proper help that the United States Government would wish to give. These men and women of the Texas delegation have seen this problem together, and they are addressing it as a team. We come together not just as Republican and Democrat, men and women, but we come together as a nation. And quite honestly, Mr. Speaker, Texans are overwhelmed with the response that we have seen not just from our colleagues, but the wishes, hopes, and prayers of this Nation, those who have come to Texas and are helping us out. We now turn our thoughts and ideas and prayers to others who are in harm’s way. We are well aware that it has come across our territories, it is entering the United States soon, perhaps as early as this morning, and we have done our work here today and will get that work done as we finalize the vote. We appreciate and respect and thank the Nation for its support. Please know that this legislation provides us, today, essential emergency disaster relief for those areas devastated by storms. A $15.25 billion emergency supplemental package is contained within this legislation. What we intend to do is to provide this and make it available to the States, where our elected officials will be administering the things that will make them available, along with FEMA, to the American people and to the people who were affected. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I received a call from a gentleman, George P. Bush, who is our land commissioner in Texas. Commissioner Bush asked me to not only thank the United States Congress, but also the American people. He asked me, along with Governor Greg Abbott from the State of Texas, to thank the American people for standing with us. We may have been in harm’s way, we may have seen over 50 inches of rain, we may have tens of thousands of people who are still in harm’s way, but we are not too proud to say thank you, thank you to this great Nation for hearing our call, seeing our need, and, today, providing the necessary resources to help us rebuild our lives. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to acknowledge all the communities facing the impacts of Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma. There are also two other hurricanes, Jose and Katia, gaining strength right now in the Atlantic. This is the first time since 2010 that there have been three active hurricanes at one time in the Atlantic basin. Our rising waters and warming seas are contributing to the historic storms we are seeing now. We also can’t forget the falling permafrost in Alaska. It was called permafrost, obviously, because it was going to be permanent. Scientists estimate this could drive up the Earth’s temperature by as much as 1.7 degrees Fahrenheit. If this isn’t enough to make clear the perils of climate change, I don’t know what it will take. Mr. Speaker, I am relieved that a bipartisan compromise has been reached on some of the most important and urgent matters that we face. The bill includes a shortterm extension of the debt ceiling, a continuing resolution to fund the government, and provides the first installment of aid to those communities impacted by Hurricane Harvey. I was glad to see this deal pass the Senate overwhelmingly on Thursday by a vote of 80–17. It is a testament to what we can do when we work together even during these especially partisan times. The agreement may have been a surprise, but it was a welcome one. We can now step back from the cliff, get to work on the many other priorities we face this month, including passing the Dream Act and reauthorizing the FAA, which is critical; the Children’s Health Insurance Program, also critical; and the Perkins Loan program. Many low income students in college depend on Perkins to get a good education. So this compromise will get us through to December 8, and that means we will find ourselves back here in the same situation a few months from now. I hope that once again we can put the country before ideology and prevent the selfinflicted wound that would come from playing chicken with our economy. Today’s bipartisan spirit is something our country can use a lot more of. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, over the next few speakers, you will have an opportunity to hear from members of the Texas delegation who were not only in harm’s way, but who represent many brave people who have responded to the call of others. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Corpus Christi, Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ). Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman SESSIONS for yielding. Mr. Speaker, as I was walking up to the Capitol from the Metro station just a few minutes ago, I remembered just a couple weeks ago I was boarding up my house and preparing for Hurricane Harvey. Those intervening weeks have just altered my life immeasurably, seeing the devastation that has been wrought on south Texas. The district I represent, Corpus Christi, Port Aransas, Aransas Pass, Ingleside, Refugio, those southern coastal areas were damaged severely by wind. But then you move up the Texas coast into towns like Victoria, Wharton, Houston, and then there was just unimaginable damage by water. I was touched by how the entire Nation reached out to help, sending food, water, help, and volunteers. And as I was walking up today, it is a beautiful, crisp beginning to be a fall day here in Washington, D.C., but I am imagining what those folks in Florida are going through, very similar to what I was going through, searching for the elusive D cell battery for a flashlight, trying to find a gasoline station that is open, and preparing for possibly the worst. We are here today to tell those folks in Florida, those folks in Texas, and those who face disasters all over this country that this Congress has your back. President Trump and Vice President PENCE both visited the district I represent and areas north in Houston, showing that the Federal Government is there; but it is this Congress’ constitutional responsibility to control the purse strings of the country, and we have got to make sure that there is money for these essential disaster relief services. There is only so much our volunteers can do, there is only so much our State and local governments can do, because this is just so massive, it is beyond the ability of individuals to comprehend. The amount of debris, the amount of damage, the potential for disease all make it a Federal problem. It is a problem for our country. The storm shut down some of the refineries along Texas, and I think we have all seen the higher gasoline prices that have resulted from that. Florida is threatened, their impact on our national economy. We are one national economy. What hurts one of us hurts us all. So I am here to say thank you to the American people, who opened their hearts with their donations and their volunteering, but I am also here to thank the American people, who are going to allocate a few of their tax dollars to help those in need in Texas and, I am afraid, those who are going to be in need very soon in Florida. I am encouraging my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this. Set the politics aside. Unfortunately, this has turned a little political, and it doesn’t need to be. This is about people helping people, Americans helping Americans. There is a Tshirt going around that says, ‘‘Houston Strong.’’ There are T shirts going around that are saying, ‘‘Texas Strong.’’ Well, you know what? It is ‘‘America Strong.’’ b0930 This is all of us together, and I want to thank my colleagues who are supporting this. And for those who are waffling, remember, this is what makes our country great: coming together in times of need and setting politics aside. So I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying legislation and to keep those suffering in Texas in their prayers, and to keep those in Florida and the Caribbean also in their 
prayers. This has been a trying summer, weatherwise, but we are Americans, and we will survive and we will thrive. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation would help thousands of young people who are Americans in every way except on paper. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. KIHUEN ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to defeat the previous question so we can consider H.R. 3440, the Dream Act, introduced by my friend, Representative ROYBAL ALLARD . Aside from being a Member of Congress, I am the proud son of a farmworker and a housekeeper. My family came to America when I was 8 years old, and they came here in pursuit of the American Dream. They came here because they knew that, in America, if you worked hard, sacrificed, played by the rules, stayed out of trouble, and got a good college education, that you could become anything or anyone because America had compassion, America had empathy, because America was the land of opportunity, and my parents wanted a piece of that land of opportunity. Less than 30 years later, their son, who came here with no money, no contacts, no friends, is a Member of the most powerful legislative body in the world. That is the American Dream. And when I got elected last year, in 2016, I became the first DREAMer in American history to get elected to this body, and also the first former undocumented immigrant to ever serve in this body. So when we are talking about the Dream Act, we are talking about real lives. We are talking about 800,000 young Americans, 800,000 young Americans who are going to our universities, our colleges, who are our teachers, our doctors. Some of them are protecting our country, our liberties, and our freedoms in the military. It is time for Congress to put their political games aside and start putting the interests of these young Americans first. There are currently, right now, a few DREAMers out on the lawn who are fasting because they want that opportunity at the American Dream, that opportunity that was given to me and my family, that opportunity that has been given to so many immigrant families for so many years because, look, let’s face it, at the end of the day, unless you are Native American, we all come from somewhere else. We are all descendants of immigrants or immigrants ourselves. And it is not right for us to come here and then close the door behind us. That is not what America stands for. That goes against all American values. So I encourage my friends, forget about the tweets and the Facebook posts that you feel sorry for these DREAMers, that you love these DREAMers. If you really do, let’s bring up that bill for a vote today, and I guarantee you that the votes are there so we can get it passed. At the end of the day, if we take away this DACA status from these young Americans, we are going to have a potentially close to $500 billion adverse economic impact. There are currently 3,200 entrepreneurs who are DREAMers. These DREAMers are paying taxes. We educated them K–12, and now we are telling them that they can’t go to universities or colleges. That is unAmerican. That is not the America that I know. I encourage my friends today, on both sides of the aisle, Republican and Democrat, to come to the table and let’s pass the Dream Act. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, this rule and the underlying legislation is specifically answering a question of national emergency, and that is as it relates to hurricane and hurricanes that are nearing the United States. I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ), one of the Members of Congress who was in the direct bull’seye of this, in the district and the people that he represents. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I represent District 14, which, arguably, is ground zero for flooding. It is the first three coastal counties that start at Louisiana and come down the Texas coast: Jefferson County, Galveston County, and then the southern half of Brazoria County. As I reflected, Mr. Speaker, about Harvey, I thought I would put some thoughts down on paper. It is staggering and incredible, when you think about it, and, unfortunately, our friends in Florida may be facing exactly the same thing. Of course, Hurricane Irma came up through the Caribbean wreaking havoc. Our prayers and thoughts go out to those families. Over 60 deaths here alone. FEMA applications, 650,000plus already. Shelters, there were 49,000 people staying in shelters in the three counties that I have just discussed. Secretary Price said in a briefing this morning they are down to around, I think it is, 13,000, 14,000, so that number has diminished. Money spent by FEMA so far, last estimate, $200 million. Untold thousands, hundreds of thousands of cases of water have been sent. Hundreds of cities, communities, towns, neighborhoods affected. Mr. Speaker, the annual average rainfall in that area on a yearly basis, of course, is 50 inches. Folks, we got 53 inches in 3 days. Population on the southeast part of Texas, you could say, is about 6 to 7 million people that have been affected by this. In Louisiana, I am not sure: half a million people affected by the rain, over 100,000 houses flooded. Fuel production down from the Gulf Coast energy capital of Texas is down by 20 percent. Jobs that have gone on hold or either just gone. Cars flooded, tens of thousands of cars flooded. People have no transportation. Overall cost, you have seen the projections, over $150 billion—with a B, dollars. Ports are shut down. The port of Houston was closed. Channels are sholed in. SabineNeches Waterway, Port of Freeport, all of them affected by this. I am told that when ports are shut down, economic trade stops—to the cost of over $1 billion a day. HHS Secretary Dr. Tom Price said, on the Weather Channel, that four hospitals are closed; it had been 30. Thirteen dialysis centers closed, 26 nursing homes closed. He said that HHS had encountered some 5,000 patients during the storm, not all related to the storm. I want to add that I watched some of our great doctors in Jefferson County— Dr. Garrett Peel, Dr. Ray Callas—go to work, Baptist Hospital, Christus Hospital, get in gear, and 500 tetanus vaccines were delivered because of the threat of disease. Dr. Price went on to say that the CDC was making plans for mosquito control due to the Zika virus. They have extended pharmaceutical waivers for drug prescriptions to be allowed for longer than 30 days. Dr. Price did note this morning that there were some 5,400 patients with electricity requirements for treatment alone, whether it is dialysis or some form, but that 20,000 patients were electrically dependent in some fashion, and HHS had provided that information to the various States. Folks, the need is great. The need is great. To whom much is given, much is required. Never has there been a people in history given so much. This is one of those cases. This is one of those times where much is required. Harvey brought on a downpour, but I will tell you that Texans and Americans and folks brought on an outpour, an outpouring like I had never seen. Our country has stepped up. Our friends from Louisiana, the Cajun Navy, came over with over 100 boats and began to do things that amazed us. We called it ‘‘Cajuneering.’’ Unbelievable outpouring. So, yes, I want to echo my colleague to the south, BLAKE FARENTHOLD ’s plea: Please vote for this bill. It is time for us to step up. It is time for us to set politics aside. It is time for us to focus on the tragedy that is now called Harvey and may be soon to be called Irma. 
So I urge my colleagues to vote for this rule. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire of my colleague if he has further speakers. Mr. SESSIONS. Yes, I appreciate the gentlewoman engaging me. I had understood that I had several other speakers, so what I would say to the gentlewoman is, if she would like to move on, I have none that I see right now. As we know, our Conference is in a meeting, so I would allow the gentlewoman to move forward. I will do the same. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, I want to say that I appreciate the Members from Texas who have made it so clear what they are personally going through, and their constituents. Surely, every one of us in this room understands that we are called upon to do the greater good today, and we will certainly rise to that occasion. Mr. Speaker, I am going to say something I wish I got the chance to say more often, and that is that I do support the underlying bill that we are considering today with all my heart. I know it has been a busy week, but our constituents and the people, our fellow Americans, are suffering and afraid. One thing I noticed about the children in Texas in the boats going to the shelters and every place, their stoicism. I didn’t see a single one of them shed a tear. In fact, I am a little worried about that. Little people whose lives were absolutely uprooted and who had to go to a strange place, leaving everything that they had behind— think about that. We are obligated here, those of us who serve in this House, to meet the need that we know exists today and will for some time to come. So let’s end with a strong, bipartisan vote on this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to publicly thank the Democratic members of the Rules Committee. The gentlewoman, Mrs. SLAUGHTER , has recognized from the first moment when we came back the genuine desire and need for us to work together. Her entire team, including the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), and the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and their staff, has worked diligently to ensure that this piece of legislation would become ready for Members of Congress to vote on it. I would like to thank my staff and also our members, our members of the Rules Committee who spent a great deal of time this week. Mr. Speaker, we are public servants and we are expected to do what we are doing. But it should also be noted that my colleague went out of her way to ensure that the discussion, the debate, and the delivery of this package is done. b0945 Mr. Speaker, last night I received information from Dr. Shelley Hall and Dr. Rick Snyder from Dallas, Texas, speaking most directly about the people who they have come in contact with as volunteers from the Dallas County Medical Society at the convention center in Dallas, Texas. As people have filled our city from outside these storm areas, I hope that they have met also Texans who cared about them. We have a history of this because we had to do this 12 or 13 years ago with Katrina, as we took people, young babies, little babies, who were flown in to Dallas and other areas in Texas; Fort Worth, Texas, opening up its doors; Austin, Texas; San Antonio, Texas. This is an effort that is more than just a State’s effort, however, today. This is the Nation. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Texas delegation, I want to thank Members of Congress, and, in particular, Ms. SLAUGHTER and her team, for expeditiously providing this information of us working together. Lastly, we will hand this to Chairman RODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN , from the Appropriations Committee, and NITA LOWEY , who is that ranking member. I have seen all four of us work together on an important effort. Mr. Speaker, for that reason, I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying measure to provide FEMA with this emergency downpayment, as the agency is running out of funds and bracing for Irma’s impact, and perhaps two other storms that may be headed to the United States of America or our territories. We are one Nation under God. I give thanks for that, Mr. Speaker. The material previously referred to by Ms. SLAUGHTER is as follows: 
ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment ‘‘ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools 
for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REINFORCING EDUCATION ACCOUNTABILITY IN DEVELOPMENT ACT Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 509, I call up the bill (H.R. 601) to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment. Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment: 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Frelinghuysen of New Jersey moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 601. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 509, the motion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material during consideration of H.R. 601, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present a Senate amendment to H.R. 601. As Texas and Louisiana begin the first steps of recovery from Hurricane Harvey, Congress must ensure that the funding is available to meet the short and longterm needs of the hundreds of thousands of victims of that terrible storm. As we are all seeing unfold before our eyes, the next hurricanes could cause even more terrible devastation. This legislation is the first step in what will be long and difficult recoveries. As our fellow Americans recover and rebuild their lives, we must come together to support the victims, the volunteers, the first responders on the ground from around the Nation, and Congress must ensure that the Federal Government provides the help they need. With FEMA resources running low and Hurricane Irma on Florida’s and the South’s door, providing this additional funding is even more critical. As I said before, our committee is ready and willing to address any additional funding needs that may arise as a result of Hurricane Harvey, Irma, and other major disasters. In addition to providing this desperately needed emergency aid, this bill also extends funding for the entire Federal Government operations until December 8 of this year. This continuing resolution will ensure that the Federal Government remains open for business and that important programs and services are maintained beyond the end of the fiscal year on the 30th of this month. While I don’t believe that a continuing resolution is the best way to fund our government, it is imperative to give us time to go to conference and complete our 12 fullyear appropriations bills with the Senate. It is essential that all of these bills be signed into law and that our Nation avoids the uncertainty caused by a threat of a shutdown. In addition, the bill also contains a shortterm increase in the Federal debt limit and a reauthorization of the National Flood Insurance Program. All of these actions will allow for more certainty and stability for the Nation and for the communities and families suffering from these disasters. I urge my colleagues—and may I say I do that knowing that I have the full support of my ranking member, Mrs. L OWEY , who I have had the pleasure of working with. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes, and I rise in support of providing critical emergency relief to respond to the catastrophic damages wreaked by Hurricane Harvey and the expectation of damages from Hurricane Irma. And I also want to acknowledge the cooperation and the good will extended to us by Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN . It is a pleasure for me to work with him as well. My thoughts and prayers remain with all those whose families, lives, homes, and businesses have been upended by these disasters. This Congress and the American people are with you in your time of need. I am pleased this package provides a temporary suspension of the Federal debt limit to prevent a catastrophic debt default and a continuing resolution extending Federal funding through December 8. As in 2013 and 2015, when faced with government funding deadlines and impending sequestration, we must use the time until the CR expires to develop a new budget agreement with realistic caps on defense and nondefense discretionary spending. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER) who is the chairman of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the supplemental bill for Hurricane Harvey relief. This bill will provide $15.3 billion in emergency funding, including $7.4 billion for FEMA’s Disaster Relief Fund, $7.4 billion for Community Development Block Grants to the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and $350 million to support the Small Business Administration’s Disaster Loan Program to assist small business and homeowners. This supplemental bill is not only a critical first step to provide basic needs of food, shelter, and water for those in immediate need, but it also provides initial funding to begin the process of rebuilding and recovery for those communities devastated by Hurricane Harvey. Further resources and hard work will be required. I will continue to work closely alongside my colleagues and the Appropriations Committee to meet the present and emerging needs of our neighbors across the Southeast. My thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by these devastating storms. This bill addresses the urgent needs of those affected by Hurricane Harvey. It sends a powerful message to all that we are here for them and we will be working hard for them throughout the recovery. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage a vote on this bill. As an aside, I grew up in Houston, Texas. I was born there, I grew up there. I remember floods, but I never remember floods that washed away people’s homes and their livelihood. This is a onceinalifetime situation down there, may we all pray, and it is time to get it done. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the supplemental appropriations for disaster relief, and I 
thank the appropriators and all of my colleagues. I reflect on the bipartisan meeting of our Texas delegation. We said we would not be divided and we would not be divided amongst our friends from Florida and those who may be in need with Hurricane Irma. I do want to acknowledge that when we got up that Sunday morning and 12 inches had fallen at that time, part of the 50 inches of the most catastrophic storm on the Continental United States, Hurricane Harvey, we saw the lives of people disappear—some who died, some who were in shelters as these pictures depict. The road to recovery is going to be long. I introduced a $174 billion hurricane appropriations bill to be able to address Hurricane Harvey. I am grateful for the $15.3 billion that gives us money for housing. That is the greatest need, along with the infrastructure, and if we can begin to expedite those dollars into our cities and counties, our mayors and county leaders will be grateful. There are people who are homeless now, there are people whose homes are in despair, there are people who do not have insurance. The reason is because these individuals were flooded in a 500 year flood area and 1,000year flood area. It is important to note at the same time, Mr. Speaker, that these individuals are elderly and disabled. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 601, which provides $15.3 billion in supplemental appropriations as the Congress’s initial response to the massive damage inflicted on Southeast Texas and Louisiana by Hurricane Harvey and authorizes appropriations to continue funding for federal government operations through December 8, 2017. The legislation also suspends the current $19.8 trillion limit on federal borrowing through December 8, 2017, which will enable the Treasury to continue to borrow money to pay bills, and set the new debt limit as the amount reflecting all outstanding U.S. debt as of December 9, 2017. I also strongly support the legislation before us because it extends through December 8, 2017, FEMA’s National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP), which offers insurance policies to property owners in areas with significant flood risks. The bill authorizes FEMA to borrow as much as $30.4 billion from the Treasury general fund if it does not collect sufficient revenue from premiums and surcharges to cover claims payments. Without this extension, FEMA would not be able to issue new flood insurance policies after September 30, 2017, and its borrowing authority will be reduced to $1.5 billion. That would be particularly devastating to many of the constituents I represent who have or will be seeking flood insurance policies under the FEMA Flood Insurance Program. Mr. Speaker, I wish to commend the bipartisan leadership of both chambers for the speed with which the Hurricane Harvey relief package and the FY2018 Continuing Resolution was negotiated, drafted, and shepherded to the floor. This bodes well for the major challenges that must be met and overcome if the victims of Hurricane Harvey are to recover from the storm’s awful wrath and rebuild their decimated communities. I thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member LOWEY , and Speaker R YAN and Democratic Leader PELOSI , and their Senate counterparts because this initial Hurricane Harvey aid package sends a strong signal to the people of Texas and Louisiana that the American people stand in solidarity with them in their moment of heartbreak and anguish. On Wednesday, September 6, 2017, the House approved $7.85 billion for relief efforts in Texas and Louisiana, consisting of $7.4 billion for the FEMA Disaster Recovery Fund (DRF) and $450 million for the SBA Disaster Loan program. To this amount the Senate added $7.4 billion in funds to be distributed to states and communities through HUD’s Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program. These CDBG funds can be used for disaster relief, longterm recovery, infrastructure restoration, housing, and economic revitalization. FEMA’s DRF funding is mostly allocated for three programs: 1. Public Assistance Program, which helps communities cover the costs of repairing and replacing public buildings, infrastructure, and utilities, as well as emergency costs for debris removal and other needs; 2. Individual Assistance Program, which provides funding for temporary housing, property repairs, medical treatment, moving costs, and other needs; and 3. Hazard Mitigation Grant Program, which offers funding to reduce damages from future disasters. Typically, FEMA covers 75 percent of the costs for DRFfunded projects so I am very pleased that the President agreed that in the unprecedented circumstances of this case, a higher reimbursement level was warranted and acceded to my request that FEMA be authorized and directed to reimburse Harris County and other affected local governments 90% for debris removal, including direct Federal assistance; and 100% percent for emergency protective measures for 30 days from the start of the incident period and at 90% thereafter. Mr. Speaker, it is not an exaggeration to regard as unprecedented the damage wrought on Southeast Texas by Hurricane Harvey beginning 14 days ago, on August 25, 2017, when it made landfall for the first time in the state of Texas, just north of the city of Corpus Christi. Before it was finished, Hurricane Harvey dropped 21 trillion gallons of rainfall on Texas and Louisiana, most of it on the Houston Metroplex. To put in perspective the devastation wrought by Hurricane Harvey, the volume of water that fell on Houston and other affected areas of Texas and Louisiana could fill more than 24,000 Astrodomes or supply the water for the raging Niagara Falls for 15 days. Whole sections of Houston, Beaumont, Bayou City, Port Arthur, and other cities were underwater for days. Hurricane Harvey was a 1,000 year storm that has to date claimed the lives of at least 30 persons, including a 34year veteran of the Houston Police Department and a family of six who perished in Greens Bayou while trying to evacuate their flooded home and community. It also claimed the life of a Dreamer, Alonso Guillen, a young Houstonian who came to Texas from Mexico as a teenager, and who died when his boat capsized while he was rescuing survivors of the flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey. Neither Houston nor any city in the nation has ever experienced flooding of the magnitude caused by Hurricane Harvey. The statistics are staggering. 21 trillion gallons of rainfall fell in Texas and Louisiana in the first five days of the storm. The estimated maximum sustained winds exceeded 130 miles per hour as the hurricane made landfall near Rockport, Texas on August 25. A record 4,323 days, which is nearly 12 years, elapsed since a major hurricane (Category 3 or above) made landfall in the United States prior to Hurricane Harvey; the last Category 3 hurricane to hit the United States was Hurricane Wilma in 2005, the same year Hurricane Katrina destroyed much of New Orleans. The city of Cedar Bayou received 51.88 inches of rainfall, breaking the record for rainfall from a single storm in the continental United States; my city of Houston received more than 50 inches of rainfall. More than 13,000 people have been rescued in the Houston area and more than 30,000 persons are expected to be forced out of their homes due to the storm. More than 8,800 federal personnel were staff deployed to help respond to Hurricane Harvey, supplying approximately 2.9 million meals, 2.8 million liters of water, 37,000 tarps, and 130 generators. In the first three days of the storm, more than 49,000 homes that had suffered flood damage and more than 1,000 homes were completely destroyed in the storm. And today, two weeks later, thousands of Texans are still without permanent and stable housing situations. That is why the additional $7.4 billion in CDBG funding provided in the legislation is desperately needed. Mr. Speaker, valiant emergency responders in my state worked to exhaustion, with an invaluable assist from citizen volunteers, to rescue their neighbors and save lives. That is who Texans are and this is what we do. We do not yet know the full cost in human lives exacted by Hurricane Harvey. But what we do know is that the costs of recovery and reconstruction will far exceed any natural disaster in memory; best estimates place the cost in the range of $150–$200 billion. Mr. Speaker, there is much more work to be done in my city of Houston, and across the areas affected by the terrible, awesome storm that will be forever known simply as Hurricane Harvey. That is why I strongly support the legislation pending before us appropriating $15.3 billion as the initial response of the Congress to the damage caused by an epic storm. I must emphasize that what we are considering here is the initial response because much more funding will be needed for Houston—the nation’s fourth largest city—and Southeast Texas to recover and rebuild. And it is also why I have introduced, joined by more than 40 House colleagues, H.R. 3686, the Hurricane Sandy Supplemental Appropriations Act, which, when passed by Congress and signed into law, would provide $174 billion in aid to assist the areas affected by 
Hurricane Harvey recover, rebuild, and restore their communities to their previous greatness. I urge all Members to join me in support of H.R. 601 and to commit to providing our fellow Americans in Texas and Louisiana all of the help and support they need to restore their communities to their previous greatness. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL). Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, as I stand in support of this legislation, it is important to acknowledge that it not only addresses the needs of the residents who are cleaning up after Harvey, but it ensures that we will also avoid a first ever default on the full faith and credit of the United States. b1000 What is important about this moment is the following: We are adhering to what is known as the national principle, and the national principle means that, if there is an earthquake in California, we rise to the aid of the people of California. If there is a hurricane in Texas, we rise to the aid of the people in Texas. If there is a tornado in Springfield, Massachusetts, as there was a few years ago, we all come to the aid of the people of Springfield, Massachusetts. If there were horrific forest fires in the State of Alabama, as happened a few years ago, we all come to the aid of the people of Alabama. Now, why is that important? Because we don’t check gender, and we don’t check race, and we don’t say: Is it a blue State or a red State or what is the political affiliation of those who are affected? Instead, we say: The national principle ensures that this is about the American family in moments of great challenge and great difficulty, and we don’t use the opportunity to remind people of what the budget might look like at that moment. Instead, we come to their assistance and we figure out how to pay for it later on. So on this occasion, there is a very important consideration that is married, and it includes the idea that, with the Trump administration and congressional Republicans and Democrats on this side, we are going to not only do what we are supposed to do in terms of raising the national debt, but we will come to the assistance of members of the American family, as I, a moment ago, described. Now, let me point out something else as well. We need to stop playing games with the national debt limit. We had tax cuts here in 2001 and 2003 that cut Federal revenue to 15 percent of gross domestic product, despite the fact that the historic postwar norm average is closer to 17.5 percent. Actually, in some of those years before that, it rose to 18.5 cents on the dollar—a reasonable expenditure. But instead, as those numbers slipped to 15 percent, the argument became somehow that it was about future payments. The argument over the debt limit is about expenses incurred, what we have obligated ourselves to with veterans benefits, a war in Afghanistan, a war in Iraq. And even though I voted against the war in Iraq, we need to come to the aid of those veterans and those veterans hospitals, and we need to come to the assistance of those 1 million new veterans who were created because of it. And again, not asking questions, is it a blue State expenditure? is it a red State expenditure? It is about the national principle. The idea that we would cast doubt on the full faith and credit of the United States to earn a few political points and to try to convince people that this is about future spending, it is not about future spending. This is about the credit card having come due for, in most instances, reasonable expenditures, not the least of which includes the obligations we have to Social Security, Medicare, and our senior citizens. So this agreement that we have rendered today is a reasonable and sensible bipartisan achievement, and we should use this as an example and as a template for what we might do going forward to address many of the challenges that are going to confront the American people. And be assured of this: Whether it is in Florida or it is in Houston, the expenditure requirements here are going to bulge, and we should not be dismissive of that. So raise the debt limit and come to the aid of the American family today. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of H.R. 601 to move funds quickly to those in need, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I support providing immediate emergency assistance for those affected by recent natural disasters and was glad to vote for such a bill earlier this week. I believe that raising the debt limit for only three months is a mistake because it does not provide the certainty that financial markets and our economy need. But most concerning to me, and the reason I am voting against this bill, is that it forces our military to operate under a stopgap continuing resolution—once again. Continuing resolutions do enormous, lasting damage to the American military. We are witnessing an alarming increase in accidents, growing evidence of a force under stress, and an eroding technological position when compared with our adversaries. Not only does this bill fail to remedy those problems, it makes them worse. This bill, like other CRs, allows no new starts—the Pentagon must spend the same money on the same things as last year. But the world is not standing still. In fact, the threats from North Korea and others grow every day. Yet, this CR prevents us from responding. The Constitution places on Congress the responsibility to ‘‘raise and support’’, ‘‘provide and maintain’’ the military forces of the United States. It is morally wrong for our nation to send brave men and women out on mission— even routine training or operations—without the very best equipment, the very best training, the very best support our country can provide. The dysfunction in the budget process has meant that we have not provided them with the best and that we have not been meeting our responsibilities. This bill is more of the same. There is plenty of blame to go around between both parties and both the Executive and Legislative branches of government. But this negligence must stop. We must fulfill our duty. We must do better. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the hundreds of thousands of victims of Hurricane Harvey in Houston and Harris County and all along the Texas Gulf Coast, and urge Congress to immediately pass the $15.25 billion dollar emergency aid bill before us today. For six days, the Texas Gulf Coast was hammered by Hurricane Harvey, bringing destruction beyond anything witnessed in living memory in our state. The storm dropped four feet of rain on Greater Houston. Over 100,000 homes and residences were flooded in Harris County alone. Authorities believe at least 70 Texans were killed due to Harvey, and that number will continue to rise. Houstonians and Texans are a proud and independent people. We take pride in our can do attitude, as witnessed by our brave first responders and countless volunteers who rescued neighbors during the worst of the flooding. Full recovery from this unprecedented disaster will take years, but right now we need Congress to pass this emergency relief bill that will help the people of Houston and the Texas Gulf Coast sustain current relief efforts and onto the road to recovery. God bless America and God bless Texas. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 509, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on agreeing to the motion to concur will be followed by a 5 minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 316, nays 90, not voting 27, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) 
Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Hastings Heck Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) NAYS—90 
Amash Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Biggs Black Blackburn Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Byrne Cheney Collins (GA) Comer Davidson DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Goodlatte Gosar Graves (MO) Griffith Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lamborn Long Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Massie McClintock Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Palmer Pearce Perry Renacci Roby Rokita Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Russell Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Stewart Thornberry Tipton Turner Wagner Walker Walorski Wenstrup Westerman Wittman Yoder Yoho Zeldin 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSantis Deutch DiazBalart Dunn Garrett Jones Labrador Lawson (FL) Murphy (FL) Posey Richmond RosLehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
b1033 Messrs. WALKER, BRAT, and JENKINS of West Virginia changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. RUSH, CLYBURN, KINZINGER, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Messrs. YOUNG of Iowa, HUFFMAN, and Mrs. LOVE changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, today I missed rollcall vote No. 480 due to family commitments. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Stated against: Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend Floor votes due to the expected birth of my child. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 480. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FERGUSON ). The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 504 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3354. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS) kindly take the chair. b1035 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3554) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Thursday, September 7, 2017, amendment No. 68 printed in House Report 115–297 offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) had been disposed of. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–297 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 55 by Mrs. BLACK BURN of Tennessee. Amendment No. 56 by Mr. PALMER of Alabama. Amendment No. 57 by Mr. CARBAJAL  of California. Amendment No. 63 by Mr. PEARCE of New Mexico. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote in this series. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 156, noes 248, not voting 29, as follows: 
Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Cooper Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Flores Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Marchant Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Taylor Thornberry Trott Upton Vela Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Granger Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Roby Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) NOT VOTING—29 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSantis Deutch DiazBalart Dunn Garrett Jones Kaptur Lawson (FL) MacArthur Murphy (FL) Posey Richmond RosLehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Shuster Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
b1040 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 178, noes 227, not voting 28, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Davidson Denham Dent DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Vela Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NOES—227 
Adams Aguilar Barletta Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Culberson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Graves (GA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur 
Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rosen RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSantis Deutch DiazBalart Dunn Garrett Jones Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Murphy (FL) Posey Richmond RosLehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) Zeldin 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1044 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. CARBAJAL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 177, noes 230, not voting 26, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) DeFazio Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—26 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Costa Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSantis Deutch DiazBalart Dunn Garrett Jones Lawson (FL) Murphy (FL) Posey Richmond RosLehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1050 Mr. SHUSTER changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. RUSH changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 216, noes 186, not voting 31, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer 
Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) DeFazio Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—31 
Bilirakis Bridenstine Buchanan Collins (GA) Costa Courtney Crist Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DeSantis Deutch DiazBalart Dunn Garrett Jackson Lee Jones Larson (CT) Lawson (FL) Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Posey Richmond RosLehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Wasserman Schultz Webster (FL) 
b1054 Mr. COFFMAN changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa) having assumed the chair, Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 2017, TO MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 2017 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, September 11, 2017, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 and Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2017’’. 
The concurrent resolution was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PRIVILEGED REPORT ON RESOLUTION OF INQUIRY TO THE PRESIDENT Mr. GOODLATTE, from the Committee on Judiciary, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–300) on the resolution (H. Res. 446) of inquiry requesting the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the removal of former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 504 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3354. Will the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ) kindly take the chair. b1059 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. b1100 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . KNIGHT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 69 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. KNIGHT. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. KNIGHT. Madam Chair, I plan to withdraw my amendment, but before I do, Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ) to engage in a brief colloquy. Mr. CALVERT. I would be happy to engage the gentleman in a colloquy. Mr. KNIGHT. Madam Chair, I appreciate the strong support from a number of my colleagues in regards to an issue that is vitally important to California’s 25th Congressional District. Citizens of Santa Clarita, California, have fought for over two decades against a sand and gravel mine in their city, which is known for its ideal filming and tourism location just outside the city. Santa Clarita is known as Hollywood North. It is the third most populous city in Los Angeles County and proudly preserves 9,000 acres of open space for its residents and filming. A sand and gravel mine at this particular location would have extreme negative impacts on local community life and its economy. The already congested highways in the area would see additional transport trucks 24 hours a day, and local industries would see downturns from dust and air pollution. I thank Chairman CALVERT for his support and look forward to working toward a permanent solution to this long overdue local issue. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I thank my colleague from California for his comments. This body is made better with his presence. I appreciate the gentleman’s hard work on the situation in Santa Clarita and the need to come to a resolution in a timely manner. After working with him on this issue, I have no doubt that it can be solved with his help. I pledge to assist him in finding a resolution that all parties can support. Mr. KNIGHT. I appreciate that very much. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time, and I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. The Chair understands amendment No. 71 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 72 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment. In recent years, we have seen a sharp increase in a practice called sue and settle. This happens when a Federal agency accepts a lawsuit from an outside advocacy organization and then, rather than defend itself, proceeds to settle that lawsuit in a closeddoor agreement, with the end result being new and more costly regulations. If that isn’t bad enough, taxpayers are responsible for footing the legal bill for the attorneys of the radical organizations who filed the suit. My amendment is simple. It prevents American taxpayer dollars from being used to pay the legal fees of outside advocacy groups for settlements under the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act. Litigants can still sue, but they will no longer be financially rewarded by the taxpayers for their efforts. This practice is an abuse of our regulatory process and must be stopped. Nowhere are these settlements more costly in their outcomes than in the environmental regulatory context. According to the Chamber of Commerce, between January of 2013 and January of 2017, the EPA chose not to defend itself in 77 of these lawsuits with outside environmental advocacy groups. Overall, during the 8 years of the prior administration, the EPA entered into 137 of these settlements. The result of these lawsuits is hundreds of new regulations and tens of millions—even billions—of dollars in compliance costs. Further, as part of the agreements, agencies are often required to reprioritize their agendas, allocating limited resources to the priorities of these interest groups rather than priorities designated by Congress or ones that have received public and stakeholder input. The American people are tired of our unaccountable Federal Government, and we have the opportunity to do something about it. This is a simple and necessary step to rein in overregulation and bring transparency back to the regulatory process. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, the gentleman’s agreement is an extraneous amendment that puts the same parameters on attorneys’ fees under the Endangered Species Act, Clean Air Act, and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act that are already in place for attorneys’ fees under the Equal Access to Justice Act. In other words, the attorneys’ fees are already set for this. The Equal Access to Justice Act caps the hourly rate and requires that the parties be the prevailing party—so the fees are capped. Maybe the gentleman is not aware that the Equal Access to Justice Act, as I said, caps the hourly rate for attorneys’ fees unless the court—this is up to the court—unless the court determines an increase in the cost of living—a special factor, such as limited availability for a qualified attorney for the proceedings involved—justifies a higher fee. So the court would look at this very, very carefully, take everything into account, and then only when the court would see a need to make sure that we have paid an attorney fairly for their time. So the gentleman’s amendment is already codified and is not needed. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. Suing the government and settling has been a lucrative business which is supported by taxpayer dollars. The Endangered Species Act, for example, has become wrapped around the axle of the judicial system by excessive litigation. Until then, I keep pushing on behalf of the States and the taxpayers. Madam Chair, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the amendment. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Madam Chair, the sueandsettle practice cuts stakeholders and the public out of the regulatory process. It undermines the Article I authority we hold here in Congress. By restricting the payment of legal fees, we protect taxpayer dollars, reduce Federal spending, take away the incentive of these environmental advocacy groups to sue the Federal Government, and protect public input in the rulemaking process. Madam Chair, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, once again, I rise to object to this. The Equal Access to Justice Act already caps the hourly rate—it already 
caps it—and requires that the parties be paid a prevailing wage. Madam Chair, I believe we do not need this redundant provision to a bill that is already overburdened with harmful legislative riders. Madam Chair, I encourage my colleagues to reject the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 73 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, this amendment would prohibit funds from enforcing the Obama administration’s EPA methane rule. This rule is currently facing litigation and uncertainty, and Congress must act to block this jobkilling regulation estimated to cost the U.S. economy $530 million annually. Methane emissions from oil and natural gas have significantly declined in recent decades without multiple, overlapping Federal regulations, and this is no exception. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, the gentleman’s amendment would block the EPA from regulating methane emissions from sources in the oil and gas sector. Late last night, we had a discussion about whether or not methane from flareups should be captured and saved as energy and used as energy. Although this amendment is different, I think it begs the question as to why we aren’t making sure that we are capturing every ounce of energy that is produced in this country and reusing it. But back to the gentleman’s amendment today. Methane, I want to point out, is a primary component of natural gas. It is a potent greenhouse gas, with global warming potential more than 25 times greater than carbon dioxide. In 2013, nearly onethird of methane emissions in the United States came from oil and gas production, producing transmission and distribution. There is no doubt at all that methane contributes to the increased levels of greenhouse gas concentrations, which contribute to the longlasting changes in our climate, such as rising global temperatures, sea level change, in weather and precipitation patterns, and changes in the ecosystem’s habits and species diversity. But more important, I think public health is at risk, including more heat waves and drought. That means worsening smog, increasing intensity of extreme weather like we are seeing again this weekend, increasing the range of ticks and mosquitos, which can spread disease, such as Lyme, West Nile virus, and Zika. Madam Chair, I would just ask the majority to stop this assault on the environment and let us work together not only to capture all the energy possible, but work together to reduce the climate change that our planet and the United States, this weekend, is experiencing. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ), my colleague. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, I rise in support of this amendment. My colleague, Mr. MULLIN , is absolutely correct. When former President Obama directed the EPA, BLM, and other agencies to target industries for greenhouse gas emissions, they went directly for oil and natural gas first. But this EPA rule targeting methane is completely unnecessary. Though methane is a byproduct of oil and natural gas production, it is also a valuable product in and of itself, and that is something that oil and gas companies routinely capture and sell rather than emit. Even EPA estimates show that methane emissions have decreased, while the production of natural gas and oil increased over the same period. The free market has provided an incentive to reduce methane release on its own. There is no further need for EPA to impose costly bureaucratic hurdles on these sensitive industries. And make no mistake: This rule imposes a steep burden. It is estimated to cost our economy $530 million annually. Natural gas and oil production will continue to be pillars of an energy friendly American economy. But instead of reducing barriers to growth, as President Trump has requested, this rule cripples our industries by duplicating what a combination of market forces and existing regulations have already produced. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, this amendment doesn’t make sense from an economic perspective or a health perspective. It would block implementation of the Environmental Protection Agency’s commonsense standards for sources of emissions of methane in the oil and gas industry. b1115 And while we invest in renewable energy, at the same time, we know that we can’t wait to transition entirely to renewable energy before we address other side effects of the extraction process, like methane. Pound for pound, methane pollution from oil and gas wells is 30 times more potent than carbon dioxide and is responsible for a quarter of humanmade climate change. This EPA rule, frankly, is just a starting point. It is a long overdue standard for the oil and gas industry to reduce methane pollution. Frankly, I wish these rules went further, but these stricter standards are a good start; they are necessary. Scientists have published data that shows that methane released during extraction is an incredibly large contributor to the climate threat. I think it is really critical not to prevent the EPA from moving forward and fulfilling the mission that Congress gave them to protect our air, water, and planet, and that is what this amendment would do, which is why I oppose it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma for yielding. Madam Chair, this is an ideologically driven solution in search of a problem. The U.S. oil and gas system represents only 3
1⁄2percent of overall domestic greenhouse gas emissions. You ask yourself: If that is the case, if over 96 percent of the problem is elsewhere, why wouldn’t we focus on that? It is ideological, that is why. The temperature impact of this emissions reduction is miniscule, at a mere .0047 degrees Celsius by the year 2100, and, of course, that is a model and that is predicted. No one really knows for sure. But we can know this for sure: it is miniscule. EPA’s own research shows that combined oil and gas methane emissions have fallen 19 percent since 1990. During the same period, natural gas production has risen 52 percent and oil production has increased 28 percent. The cost of this unnecessary regulation will be $530 million per year by 2025, again, to get .0047 degrees Celsius by the year 2100. 322,000 Pennsylvanians’ jobs are supported by the oil and gas industry, and we can’t afford it. 
Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote for the Mullin amendment. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time until closing. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), my chairman. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. EPA has been directed by the President to take a second look at the methane rule promulgated by the Obama administration. In conjunction with a review, EPA has attempted to provide the regulated community with some certainty by postponing some of the implementation dates; however, the courts have blocked that from happening. In light of these challenges, the time may be right for a temporary pause on the enforcement of those requirements, so I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time until closing. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, once again, I would like to point out that the rule will prevent the waste of an estimated 65 billion cubic feet of natural gas a year and save the taxpayers $330 million annually, and that is energy that could be put to work here in the United States. The public health risks, including more heat waves and drought, as I talked about, the climate change, the health and welfare of our current and future generations must be taken into account. We must take action; we must do something about this. This is a step backwards to adopt this amendment, so I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment and to work to protect our planet. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, my amendment would prohibit the implementation of the Obama administration’s social cost of carbon, SCC, rule. Congress and the American people have repeatedly rejected capandtrade proposals. The Obama administration continuously used social cost of carbon models, which can easily be manipulated, in order to attempt to justify new jobkilling regulations. The House has made a clear, strong record of opposition to the social cost of carbon, voting at least 11 times to block, defund, or oppose the proposal. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, this amendment is a harmful rider. It has no place on an appropriation bill. This is a big policy discussion that we are talking about that impacts every man, woman, and child here in the United States, and, I might add, I believe, around the world, the amendment that would prohibit the EPA from considering the social cost of carbon as part of its rulemaking. The social cost of carbon is an estimate of economic damages associated with small increases of carbon dioxide in emissions in a given year, and it does represent the best scientific information available for incorporating the impacts of carbon pollution into regulatory analysis. Weakening or eliminating the use of the social cost of carbon as a tool for Federal agencies would ignore the sobering costs of health, environment, and economic impacts of extreme weather, rising temperatures, intensifying smog, and other impacts. Madam Chair, last night we had many amendments reducing the ability of the EPA to take into account the public health. I believe we have a responsibility to make sure that we are not only the watchdogs and stewards for making sure that our public lands are used in appropriate and effective ways, but we also have a responsibility to use science to make sure that we are doing our due diligence to protect the health of the American people. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time until closing. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, I rise in support of this amendment. The Trump administration has done a good deed for the economy and for the American workers in issuing an executive order declawing the Obama administration’s social cost of carbon guidance, but that is not enough. A future administration may not have as much sense to take on carbon tax policies. What is more, agencies continue to work on researching social cost on the taxpayer dime. This is also a separation of powers issue. Congress is charged with setting tax policy, and by failing to put the nail in the coffin of this tax in disguise, we abdicate our duty. Congress and the American people have repeatedly rejected capandtrade proposals; now the Trump administration has as well. Social cost, however, remains on the books; therefore, Congress must act. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time until closing. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), my chairman. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. Because the administration has already withdrawn the referenced social cost of carbon guidance in the March energy independence executive order, this is an amendment we can support. I support the amendment. Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I would urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, once again, I know that the gentleman who brought the amendment would like to have an active debate and like to see some movement on this issue, but by doing it on an appropriations rule this way, where we don’t have a full transparent discussion, we don’t have the scientific community coming in, the health community, and the industry that he would like to see testify, we find ourselves doing these stopgap riders on appropriations bills that only work for the year of the appropriation. It is a way in which we are not using our power as legislators effectively to have change. So these riders are best done in the policy committee, not on the appropriations bill. In closing, I would like to just clearly say that I support science and I believe we should not abandon science while trying to tackle climate change, and, therefore, I strongly oppose the gentleman’s amendment and would encourage a ‘‘no’’ vote. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 75 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, before I begin my comments on this amendment, I want to thank the chairman for including my other amendment regarding volunteer and State wildfire assistance en bloc earlier today. While a great deal of attention is being paid to Hurricane Harvey and Irma, the West is also being ravaged by wildfires, costing hundreds of millions of dollars and lives. My amendment with Representatives RENACCI and K INGthat passed makes sure that States and local governments will have a little bit more resources with their volunteer fire departments to fight those fires, and I appreciate that. Madam Chair, this amendment that is at the desk would address the really unsound plan by the EPA to close down their regional field offices. My amendment would prevent this plan from occurring by preventing funds from going to the closure of regional Environmental Protection Agency offices. We already know that the new EPA leadership has its priorities backwards, focused on how they can help fossil fuels and coal and oil rather than the congressionally mandated responsibility of keeping our air and water clean and helping to keep people healthy. So earlier this year, when the President’s budget included closing ten regional Environmental Protection Agency offices and reports began to surface in April that Secretary Pruitt was looking to close the Region 5 office, which covers the upper Midwest, I was disappointed, hence, this action that I am taking here today with this amendment. The reports we have heard are surrounding Region 5, but we have no idea which regions they are targeting. In my home State of Colorado, the Region 8 headquarters serves six States and 27 sovereign Tribal nations. Our headquarters in Denver are essential to protecting health and safeguarding the national environment in the American West. It is very important to fight against this reckless EPA plan to close down regional offices that keep our air clean. And now more than ever, with tropical storms and flooded chemical plants and oil spills around Houston, we all know how essential EPA presence in the field is. The EPA field offices are often the first responders at the scenes of environmental disasters. Regional field offices are uniquely well versed in particular characteristics in our very diverse geographic Nation. It is very important for Congress to send an unambiguous message that we want to safeguard the lives and welfare of our American citizens, acknowledge and address the very real threat of climate change. Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, as I noted in our full committee markup in July, there are no regional closures proposed in this legislation; therefore, it is an unnecessary amendment. This topic was discussed at our EPA hearing in June. Administrator Pruitt called rumors about regional closures ‘‘pure legend.’’ Further, it costs money to close regional offices and move staff, and funding has not been requested to do so. b1130 In addition, the closure of regional offices is something the administration would need to propose and go through the deliberative process here in Congress. It would require a multiyear effort. As a wise man within the administration once said, ‘‘we can close any lab or Federal building that is not located in Washington, D.C., or in a congressional district.’’ As the fiscal year 2018 process has already demonstrated, while the President may propose changes, Congress has the final say in funding decisions. In addition, this amendment would have unintended consequences as agencies review their footprints and propose ways to reduce their rent, security, utility costs, and operate more efficiently. All executive branch agencies are required to submit plans to the President on ways to operate more efficiently. We need to see these plans before jumping to any conclusions. So I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Well, if there is no plans to close offices and it would cost more to close them, I would just hope that the Chair would accept this amendment, which merely confirms what he just indicated. Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). Mr. KILDEE. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. I offered a similar amendment, which was not made in order but would have had the same effect. Much discussion has resolved around EPA Region 5, which is the region that I represent, and the important office that has, as part of its responsibility, protection of the Great Lakes, which is one of the most unique ecosystems on the planet, and it is one that deserves and needs fulltime protection. I listened carefully to the chairman’s comments, and I agree with them. I think, as my friend from Colorado stated, if there is no question as to whether there is a plan to close these offices, I can tell you that the people that I represent would benefit from the assurance that the body that is responsible for making these decisions has made a clear statement that it is on record that these offices will remain open. Certainly, administratively, they can do all the consideration they need to do to think about how they want to save money. But it is up to Congress to decide these questions, and Congress should be clear. And when it comes to the Great Lakes, with all the other cuts that the President has proposed, namely the elimination of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, we need this reassurance. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I would say to my friend that we are 
making a statement. There is no money to close offices in this budget, so I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I would like to inquire as to how much time remains. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Colorado has 1
1⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I also rise in support of this amendment. It is nice to be able to support something today. And I really would caution that, although they didn’t talk about closing regional offices, Madam Chair, they did talk about moving and rearranging. Congress needs to be involved. I have a Superfund site being cleaned up right now by EPA Region 5. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, again, the chairman has given his assurances that there is no plans to close offices, that it would cost more to close offices; therefore, since there is no additional money for office closure in this bill, it is not happening. I don’t see why we don’t just confirm that same intent that he conveyed by putting this funding amendment restriction in place that would prevent offices from being closed. If they are saying they are not going to close, and if we are saying they are not going to close, well, let’s just put that in words so it means something. That is all this amendment does. Obviously, if the President or the executive want to propose consolidation or closures, they can come back and seek funding for that. The Chair is right. We have the final word. If we include this language in the bill, our final word will be that you can’t close EPA offices without a change in funding and coming back to Congress. So it is completely consistent with what the Chair indicated. I think it is a very important statement for us to make as a united Congress. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 76 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This amendment is very simple. It offers Members of this body a very clear choice about whether or not we want to keep our public lands in the hands of those who rightfully own them, the American public; or if we want to sell off our public lands to the highest bidder. This amendment would prohibit the Federal use of funds to pursue any additional extralegal ways to turn our Federal lands over to private owners. For example, it would prohibit commissions. It would prohibit groups that would find backdoor ways to do that, or any other means. My amendment simply ensures that none of the funds through this bill can be used in violation of the law that already exists. I would hope that can be accepted by the Republicans. It is important to note that this amendment would not do anything to undermine the current authority for congressional and administration driven land exchanges that many of us have worked on. In the district I am honored to represent, over 60 percent of the land is public land. These public lands are beautiful and majestic, just as they are across the entire country. They are a critical part of our American heritage; our Western heritage; in my State, our Colorado heritage; and they serve so many incredible purposes. First of all, public lands are good for our mind and soul. A U.S. Army Iraq war veteran who lives in Colorado recently said: ‘‘I fought to protect all that makes our Nation great, and that includes the public lands that belong to every American.’’ Second, these lands are good for our bodies by protecting water quality and public health. People hike and fish and enjoy outdoor recreation time. The public lands are the ecosystems that house headwaters of our river systems that we rely on for our drinking water and that help keep our air clean through the plants that they water. Not only are our lands good for the soul and health, they are also the key economic driver in my district and my State. Across the country, over $600 billion is generated through outdoor recreation on our public lands, and visiting public lands support over 6 million jobs. I represent Rocky Mountain National Park, which has over 3 million visitors a year. The entire economy of towns, like Estes Park, rely on our public lands. From small businesses to ski resorts, from gas stations to diners, our economy thrives in districts like mine because of our public lands. A recent poll across six Western States shows that 96 percent of Americans support public lands. Let’s vote on this and make sure that 96 percent in Congress agrees with 96 percent of the American public. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. While I agree with the gentleman that current law regarding public lands must be followed, there is nothing in this bill that contradicts that. As such, there is no purpose relevant to this bill for this amendment. I encourage my colleagues to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Well, look, the only argument the chairman has made against this one, like the last one, is that it is not going to happen anyway. So why not give the American people the assurance? Because, frankly, it could happen anyway. There is a real threat. There are Members of this body and there are members of the President’s administration that are seeking to sell off our public lands, which would devastate our local economy, undermine wildlife and the ecosystems that we support, and remove a critical iconic part of our Western heritage. Selling these public lands to private owners would lead to a loss of access to our most majestic, treasured spaces, a critical part of our quality of life not just for Coloradans, but for the millions of people from across the country that visit our wild areas. Time after time we see real attempts that are made here to transfer our most precious public lands to private ownership or sell them at wholesale. With this amendment, we offer a clear choice. Let’s confirm what the chairman said: that this won’t happen. Let’s support the protection of our public lands as all of our constituents do. I think it is clear to make sure that Members are on the record. Do we support keeping our public lands public? Or do we support the corporatization of something that is, in many ways, the iconic essence of our identity as a people and as a country, our public lands? Madam Chair, I ask for my colleagues’ support on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 OFFERED BY MR . NORMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 77 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. NORMAN. Madam Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. NORMAN. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Chair, I rise today to seek support for amendment 77 to H.R. 3354, the Make America Secure and Prosperous Appropriations Act, which is supported by the Taxpayers Protection Alliance and key voted by the National Taxpayers Union, Club for Growth, Heritage Action for America, and FreedomWorks. Mick Mulvaney, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, has been guided by the idea that every dollar spent by the Federal Government must be scrutinized. I took this principle to heart as I examined the President’s budget request, which stated: ‘‘Everyone believes in and supports safe food supplies and clean air and water. But the agencies of the Federal Government have gone way beyond what was intended by the Congress.’’ Madam Chair, while traveling around my district this August, I heard the same sentiment put more plainly: ‘‘Washington is off the rails.’’ As our national debt grows in excess of $20 trillion, each of my 15 grandchildren is being saddled with a $61,000 share of the debt. Now, Madam Chair, my 16th grandchild is on the way. I would really like to start tackling Washington’s spending problems now before grandchild 16 joins us in early December. I am encouraged by the leadership of President Trump’s administration with its budget request, but I strongly believe Congress must do its part to stop this debt from crushing our Nation. That is why I have submitted an amendment that would reduce EPA appropriations by $1.869 billion to the administration’s requested level of $5.655 billion. In his testimony to the House Appropriations Subcommittee, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt emphasized the need for the EPA to get back to the basics of statutory authority of ensuring access to clean water, clean air, and land. Madam Chair, the amount of overreach and wasteful spending the EPA is responsible for is endless. Allow me to share with you a few recent examples. For overreach: first, look to Sackett v. EPA, where the EPA imposed $75,000 cost per day on a couple for placing gravel on dry land to build a home within the existing subdivision. And then there is Andy Johnson, the Wyoming rancher who was facing $20 million in fines for his stock pond, which the EPA alleged violated the Clean Water Act. This is despite the fact that stock ponds were exempt from Federal law, and that he had obtained the necessary permits. It took Mr. Johnson 5 months in court to reach a winning settlement which freed him from any obligation to pay the EPA. The waters of the United States rule, which I am happy to see this administration working to roll back, embodied the overreach perfectly, as the Obama EPA pushed the limits of its power under the Clean Water Act to even regulate some ponds and manmade ditches. Now, for wasteful spending: there is an Environmental Justice Program, a program that is supposed to support business development in disadvantaged communities, which funded an effort to increase knowledge of environmentallyfriendly nail salon practices in California nail salons. b1145 The estimated price tag was $73 million over the course of 2016–2025. There was an EPA environmental education program which funded ‘‘educational projects’’ that have included learning how to build rain gardens, the significance of urban forests, poster contests on sun protection, asthma awareness and radon and schoolyard habitat restoration. There was even $300,000 in grant money going to fund the Chesapeake Bay Journal, an environmental newspaper in Maryland. Madam Chair, these are just a handful of recent instances of the EPA’s bureaucratic waste at the expense of the American taxpayer. The Presidential budget request for the EPA provides the roadmap for trimming the Agency back to focus on its core mission. Funding for the Agency is focused on infrastructure, elimination of duplicative programs and programs that extend past the EPA’s statutory authority, and ensuring that funds are not lost to bureaucratic waste. Madam Chair, Congress has an incredible opportunity to practice what we preach in tackling an outofcontrol Federal Government. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I would like to remind the gentleman, with this bill, we have cut EPA almost 30 percent since 2010. While we have expressed a number of frustrations with EPA’s overreach over the last few years, and even here today, I cannot support an amendment with cuts of this magnitude which put important programs at risk. An across theboard cut of this magnitude would reduce priorities like the geographic programs, Great Lakes, Gulf of Mexico, and others, State recovering loan funds, the 28 national estuary programs, several State grants like radon, lead, and beach protection, just to name a few. These are programs proposed for elimination in the President’s budget that Members on both sides of the aisle requested funding in this bill. In fact, I had 5,200 requests. The amendment would also significantly reduce funding for the Superfund program. The proposed budget would propose to reduce the program by 31 percent, which would impact new cleanups and slow ongoing cleanups. The President’s budget also proposed to reduce the State categorical grants by 44 percent and cut the Diesel Emission Reduction Grants by 83 percent, which are essential to air quality in my home State of California. States need resources to best serve our constituents back home; therefore, I think this amendment just goes too far. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Minnesota. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment, and I rise to support the chairman of the subcommittee. Colleagues on both sides of the aisle clearly rejected President Trump’s budget. Hurricanes Harvey and, now, Irma have highlighted the need for a strong EPA to ensure Americans have clean air, clean water, and help to prevent exposures to toxic chemicals. They are doing that right now on the ground. They are leaving from other places around this country. They are leaving their homes, and they are going there to be first responders when it comes to toxic cleanup. As has been pointed out, the EPA was cut coming into this floor action by $240 million, and it was cut another 17 percent last night. In fact, since 2010, the EPA has already been reduced by $2.2 billion and has 2,000 fewer staff. The EPA never knows when it is going to be called on. Madam Chair, just a couple weeks ago we got a call about a businessowner who abandoned a plating company, left chemical barrels literally disintegrating before the eyes of the St. Paul Fire Department. The EPA was there to help. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. CALVERT. I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Minnesota. Ms. MCCOLLUM. The EPA was there to work with the city when the fire department found out what a danger it was. When the county wasn’t able to handle such an extreme toxic cleanup, the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency was able to call on EPA Region 5. They knew the people. They had worked together on other projects, and they gave comfort and aid to homeowners that this toxic waste site that people didn’t even know existed from as close as you and I are to each other, sir, was in their backyard. The EPA does a lot of work. We are asking them to do it on a shorter budget. This would make it impossible for them to do their work at all. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman of the subcommittee for his support of the EPA, although sometimes we disagree at what level. Mr. CALVERT. It is interesting that we are having a disagreement on how much we should cut the EPA. It is not the argument that we are cutting the EPA. Obviously, that is a fact. We have cut the EPA with this upcoming budget by 37 percent over the last few years. I know that the Administrator is doing a lot to create efficiencies with the EPA and to operate that absolutely more effectively for our health and for the benefit of the United States. Madam Chair, with that, I believe this amendment just simply goes too far. I oppose this amendment and would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. NORMAN. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. The Chair understands that amendment Nos. 78 and 80 will not be offered. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SMUCKER ) having assumed the chair, Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354), making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. RECOGNIZING THE SUCCESS OF THE FOOD INSECURITY NUTRITION INCENTIVE PROGRAM (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the success of the Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive Program, otherwise known as FINI, in providing lowincome Americans the opportunity to put healthier food on the table for their families. As a joint program between the National Institute of Food and Agriculture and the USDA’s Food and Nutrition Service, FINI provides funding to improve the nutrition in SNAP households. Last month, Secretary Perdue announced nearly $17 million in grants to help SNAP participants purchase healthier food options for their families. This funding would not have been possible without FINI, which was authorized by the 2014 farm bill. As chairman of the Nutrition Subcommittee, creating opportunity for lowincome families to afford nutritious food options is incredibly important to me, and we want to ensure the program is viable for generations. Last year alone, SNAP helped at least 44 million families put nutritious food on their tables. That allowed 19 million children to lead healthier lifestyles. The FINI program is successful, and we see the success through the good it does for the health of American families. f 
NEIL NORMAN RECEIVES NATIONAL SOCIETY OF PROFESSIONAL ENGINEERS AWARD (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a constituent, Neil Norman of Richland, Washington, for receiving the National Society of Professional Engineers Award in honor of his extraordinary contributions to the engineering profession. Mr. Norman is one of only 65 engineers to receive this award since 1949, and his substantial career demonstrates that he has earned this achievement. He has worked on several stateoftheart projects since he began his work in 1952, including the plant design and construction for the Yucca Mountain Nuclear Waste Repository. In central Washington, he designed the Fast Flux Test Facility, which is the Hanford nuclear site’s former research reactor. Neil has received several local, State, and national awards over the years. In retirement, he continues to serve his community. He gives lectures to engineering students in colleges across the State of Washington to promote professionalism, ethics, public health, and safety. His outstanding career is one to be admired. Please join me in congratulating Neil Norman for his contributions to the engineering profession and to our community. f 
AMERICANS HELPING AMERICANS IN TIME OF DISASTER The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time. I want to talk about what has been occurring in southeast Texas for the last several weeks. I represent part of the Houston area, north Houston and into other areas of Harris County. Houston is one of many cities in Harris County, Texas. Of course I am going to talk about Hurricane Harvey. On August 26, Texans across the State braced themselves for Hurricane Harvey. It was a quick hurricane in that it developed very quickly in the Gulf of Mexico, and it hit southeast Texas near Corpus Christi and Rockport, and it did considerable damage in Rockport. I understand from Congressman FARENTHOLD , who represents the area, that the entire small town was just obliterated by Hurricane Harvey. That is right on the coast of Texas. Hurricane Harvey made its way up the coast toward Houston, riding the coast and the Gulf of Mexico. When it got to Houston, Texas, it slowed down to some extent, and for 5 days it rained. It rained all day and all night, and the floodwaters rose in the Houston, Harris County area. All told, we got about 50 inches of rain in those 5 days. Seventy percent of Harris County had floodwaters at the highest time that the flood occurred— 70 percent of the Houston, Harris County area. b1200 Mr. Speaker, I grew up in Houston, I remember the hurricanes that came through Houston when I was a kid. Hurricane Carla in 1961—or 1962—we thought that was the biggest thing that ever happened to Houston. But there were others since then. More recently, we had Tropical Storms Allison and Alicia; and then the Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, Humberto, Gustav, Ike. And then we had three holiday floodings in the Houston area on Memorial Day, Labor Day, and tax day—IRS day; and now Hurricane Harvey more recently. Hurricane Harvey, all of the experts say this is the worst natural disaster that has ever hit the Houston area; some say in North America. But the bayous in Texas, the way the drainage—if I can use that phrase—in the Houston area works: Houston is about 50 miles from the Gulf Coast. It is flat. Some areas are just right at sea level. 
And we have a system of bayous and creeks that all move through the Houston area down the Gulf of Mexico. So if the water is in Houston, it has got to go southeast to the Gulf of Mexico. And, of course, when the rains came and the floods came up, there was no place for the water to go because there was so much water. After Hurricane Harvey hammered Houston, it worked its way back out to of the Gulf of Mexico just a little bit to gain some strength, gain more power, and then came back ashore further on down the coast in Jefferson and Liberty Counties, Beaumont, Port Arthur. You probably never heard of those towns, but it went through that area, into parts of Louisiana, and then worked its way on up through Arkansas, Tennessee, and Kentucky. I think it finally dissipated and it has gone away. Let me be a little more specific about what happened in two counties further to the east, two counties that I used to represent as a Member of Congress. Jefferson County is the home to the largest selection or collection of refineries in the United States. About 22 percent of the Nation’s refineries are along the channel. Port Arthur and Beaumont are where the refineries are. Port Arthur, Texas, right on the coast, was completely flooded during Hurricane Harvey, and the refineries were shut down. I know that because the gasoline prices have spiked overnight because that fuel is not being produced. Most of those refineries will be back on line very soon, if they are not already on line. So the flooding was massive. If you take the State of New Jersey and you turn it on its side and set it on the Texas coast from Louisiana down to Corpus, that is the size of the floods and the rains in Hurricane Harvey. It is a massive area that affected a lot of people throughout Texas. The Second Congressional District that I represent was flooded like most of the congressional districts in the area. And during the rains and the floods that were coming down for those several days, people got into action. They didn’t wait for the rains to stop or the floods to stop coming up. Ordinary folks started helping each other. With the first responders and the volunteers, 72,000 people were rescued. That is a massive number: 72,000. Here is one of those rescues right here. We have got the National Guard, the Texas National Guard came in—all of them came into southeast Texas—rescuing a lady and her child. That is just one photograph of many photographs of rescues that took place. The amount of water that came down was 50 inches. If you take the Astrodome and fill it with water 86,000 times, that is how much water hit the Houston area. That is an unbelievable amount of water that came into the Houston area. I would like to talk about a few folks that helped out in the rescue. One of those individuals was Houston Police Sergeant Steve Perez. I talked about him the other day on the House floor. I would like to mention him again because he is a perfect example of our first responders and what they are willing to do in times of need. Sergeant Perez was a 60yearold veteran of the Houston Police Department. He was at the Houston Police Department 34 years. He grew up in San Antonio, Texas, went to ROTC in San Antonio, commissioned as a second lieutenant, and he became a major in the Army Reserve. After that, he moved to Houston, Texas, and joined the Houston Police Department. Here is a photograph of Sergeant Steve Perez. He lived in Houston, of course. Rain is coming down. He is going to report for duty. His wife suggested and really encouraged him and begged him not to go because of the floods around where they lived. He is headed to the Houston Police Department headquarters. He could not get there. So he calls on the radio and he was told he couldn’t get there. He found out that the rains were hitting all of the Houston area, especially in a place called Kingwood. Kingwood is about 25 to 30 miles from downtown Houston, up in the northeast area. He is in his car. He turns and started heading up to Kingwood. He goes under an underpass—it is raining real hard—he couldn’t see very well, and his car went in, flooded, and he drowned. Sergeant Steve Perez was married and a father of two. He was looking for a path to Kingwood for over 2 hours, trying to get there to let folks know they needed to evacuate the area. Next Wednesday, Sergeant Perez will be buried in Houston. His funeral is at 9 o’clock at a downtown church. There will be hundreds of police officers from all over the State of Texas and other States there to honor him, along with a thousand or more civilians. Sergeant Steve Perez gave his life in the line of duty, the thin blue line. He was protecting us from the tragedy. Remember, he could have made a choice just not to report for duty that day because he couldn’t get to work. He made the choice to take care of other Houstonians. One other officer I want to mention is Officer Bert Ramon. He has stage IV colon cancer. That is serious stuff, and he reported for duty. He wasn’t going to sit out this crisis. He couldn’t get downtown, so he teamed up with Houston’s Lake Patrol. We have boats in Houston for flooding, but we have Lake Houston and some other big waters where they use boats for different reasons. But he teamed up with the Houston Lake Patrol division. While he was working with them for 3 days, he rescued 1,500 people, including seniors, children, and handicapped folks; he and the folks he was working with on the Lake Patrol rescued 1,500 people. I just admire him and all of our first responders who got out in all of this really tough weather to do what they needed to do, but wanted to do. Officer Ramon receives biweekly chemo treatments in Houston for his cancer, but he went ahead and did what he wanted to do to serve and protect the rest of us. He rescued many of them that were seniors, as I mentioned. He jokes a lot. He told those seniors that they were on the San Antonio River Walk cruise. There is a river that runs through San Antonio through downtown, the River Walk, and he told them they were on the River Walk cruise. He was trying to be lighthearted and put the people that he was rescuing at ease. Other first responders, firefighters, EMS, of course, the police were working day and night, sleeping at the stations. Many of them had their own homes flooded, yet they are going to do good work for other people. But they weren’t the only ones. Volunteers came to Houston, Dallas, Arlington, San Antonio, Texas; and many from across State lines. I had the opportunity to meet police officers from Ohio; California; Arlington, Texas; and other places, who were there to help. And they came from, like I said, all over the country to help folks. We had 12,000 National Guard in Texas helping people. That is all the National Guard we had, and they came as well. I do want to mention the fact that it wasn’t just first responders. We had volunteers coming from Boston, Massachusetts. It took them a while to find Texas. I mean, it is a long way away. California and New York sent officers as well to help. To all of those folks whose names we may never know, we are grateful. Those of us in Houston, Texas, and the affected areas are grateful for those first responders and the volunteers that came from all over the States. I am not sure you can see this photograph, Mr. Speaker, but this is a long line of pickup trucks and bass boats. I don’t know if you own a bass boat or not. It is the dream of every Texas boy growing up to own two things: a pickup truck and a bass boat. I mean, life is good if they can get those two things. There are some other things, but I am not going to mention those at this time. But here are a bunch of pickup trucks from this end of the poster, all the way to the other end, and these are coming from Louisiana. Louisiana is the next State over from Texas. We love the folks in Louisiana. We claim them; they claim us. Some say we vote in their elections, and they vote in our elections. I don’t think that is true, but we are all kindred spirits. But they call this the Cajun Navy. And what the Cajun Navy did was bring not only bass boats and pickup trucks, but they filled these boats up full of Cajun food and supplies, and they came to Texas to do everything they could to help rescue individuals. We appreciate them. 
The Cajun Navy weren’t the only ones doing this. There were people from other parts of the State. I don’t know that you could find Brownwood, Texas, on a map, but it is northwest, sort of in the panhandle area. And there were two young guys. I think they are in their twenties or so. They were watching all of this on television. So they get in their pickup trucks and they drive from Brownwood, Texas, and they stopped in Austin—which is still 200 miles away from Houston—at a Cabela’s sport center. They went in there and each one of them bought a bass boat, a motor, and a trailer; hooked it up to their pickup trucks, filled it up with all kinds of stuff that was needed, and they headed to Houston. For 4 days they helped rescue individuals. This is just a few examples of neighbors helping neighbors. The folks in the Houston area, Mr. Speaker, they didn’t wait for governments—I am not just talking about the Federal Government, but any government—to start helping individuals that needed help during the rescue operations that were for about 4 days. A lot of my constituents, frankly, don’t like government. They do things on their own, and that is what people were doing in the Houston area. You may have seen many of these examples on television. It was heartwarming to see so many people, strangers helping strangers, neighbors helping neighbors. Race or politics had nothing to do with any of this. It was higher than politics. It is all about people. And people jumped in to help. Many people whose own homes were flooded out, yet they had a boat and they are helping other people, helping their neighbors rescue individuals. There was an elderly man who was trapped inside his SUV, Mr. Speaker, and the neighbors see that he is trapped in his SUV. Floodwaters are coming up. Neighbors and strangers watched, and they didn’t know what to do. Water is coming up. They don’t have a rope. They can’t get to him. So these people who did not know each other form a human chain from dry land to where he was in his SUV as water is coming up and pulled him out, and got him, and rescued him to make sure that he was safe. b1215 The waters in the current were too strong for anybody to swim, so they formed a human chain, and they rescued him, saved him. Every morning, Mr. Speaker, there is a couple, maybe an elderly couple— they probably don’t want to be called that—but a couple in the Houston area who goes to ChickfilA in the mornings for breakfast. J.C. and Karen Spencer are their names. They call in and order the same order every day at the same time at the local ChickfilA. The ChickfilA manager, Jeffrey Urban, knew them. He would see on the phone the caller ID. He knew the phone number, and before he even answered the phone, he started preparing what they were going to order because they order the same thing every day. But on the morning of August 28, as Hurricane Harvey is there in Houston hammering down and unleashing trillions of gallons of water, Jeffrey that morning was closing the restaurant to protect the restaurant from flooding the best he could. He was going to head for home, but the phone is ringing, and he knew who it was. It was J.C. and Karen Spencer who call in every morning. He thought they were calling for their usual breakfast, a Texas burrito is what they are getting ready to have. So he picked up the phone. But they weren’t calling for breakfast. They were calling for help. Their house was completely flooded. The waters were rising fast. They had tried all the emergency numbers. They couldn’t get ahold of anybody. They are in their home, they can’t get out, and they don’t know what to do. They panic, to some extent, so they call Jeffrey at the ChickfilA as they do every morning. So what Jeffrey did was, he didn’t just go home. He, along with the restaurant owner, headed to the Spencer’s house with their jet ski in tow. As you can see, here is Jeffrey, and here is Karen. He takes the jet ski, he goes into the house, picks her up, takes her to dry land, and also helps her husband safely leave. It is just a good example of folks just taking care of other people in the area. They were able to get out, and their home was later destroyed. It is just an example of the spirit of people and the attitude of people in the Houston area when this hurricane happened. I could spend a lot of time telling about other folks, and I am going to tell as many stories as I can. Speaking of time, Mr. Speaker, can you tell me how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has 40 minutes remaining. Mr. POE of Texas. Good, Mr. Speaker. I will look at the clock and make sure I don’t go overboard here. In Houston, a woman went into labor as Hurricane Harvey flood waters began to rise. She was helped, likewise, by a rescue truck of neighbors and firefighters who, once again, formed that human chain. Two Beaumont police officers and fire rescue divers spotted a woman and her infant child floating in a canal in Beaumont, Texas. The canal is rushing to the Gulf of Mexico. The canal is full. The crew were able to pull the woman and her daughter from the canal and save their life. Another mother saved her own child’s life. This is what mothers do anywhere in the world. She was 41 years of age. They were in the water for a long time. When they were finally found, the baby was found clutching the chest of her mother. The mother did the best she could to keep the child above the water, water that she could not apparently touch the bottom of wherever she was, and the two Beaumont police officers and fire and rescue divers pulled them out of the water. The mother later died, but the baby is okay. That is what mothers do, Mr. Speaker. They take care of their kids. We have a furniture business in Houston. It is owned by kind of a famous guy there. His name is Mattress Mack McIngvale. He is always on TV advertising his store and telling people to come there and he will save them money if they buy stuff at his story. It is called Gallery Furniture. Here is what happened. At his store, volunteers gathered his delivery trucks on Sunday, used those delivery trucks all over the Houston area—trucks that deliver furniture—and they started rescuing people who were stranded. They rescued 400 children and adults. He didn’t take them to a shelter. He took them to his furniture store, and they stayed in his store for several days. I don’t know, they may still be there. But he let them live there and form a little cubicle, so to speak, where they could be safe, and he let them stay on their furniture that he had. He even allowed the families to have pets in his store as a rescue place for people who were in need. It was irrelevant that all that furniture was new. He just let them stay there. That is just the way he is and the way other people are. About 1,500 miles away from Texas, two young boys raised money for hurricane victims in Texas. In western New York, two cousins, Dominic and Evan, started a lemonade stand to raise money for hurricane victims. They sold lemonade for 25 cents and donated all the money to the food bank of Houston. I have 12 grandkids, Mr. Speaker, and two of them live in Austin, Barrett and Brooklyn. I have had them both here on the House floor before. They and their schools started making packages that they donated for the recovery effort, and those packages were brought to Houston that they donated and made at their schools. They had all kinds of stuff that folks needed and created several of those. Mr. Speaker, I understand that you have just received a signing of the legislation, the Hurricane legislation as I call it. I missed the signing down the hallway in the Speaker’s Office, but now that is sent to the White House I understand. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. POE of Texas. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding for just a moment. I would welcome the opportunity to use the time that the gentleman yields, but I do want to compliment the gentleman for what he has done at this most difficult time and greatly appreciate what he is saying about those who were there to be a help to those in time of need. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ). He and I are very close friends, Mr. Speaker. We both became lawyers the same year in 1973. We worked at the courthouse. I was a prosecutor, and he was a defense lawyer in Houston. We did battle together there. We both resigned our positions, ran, and became judges the same year, spent on the bench 22 years a piece, resigned the same day, ran for Congress, and we both won. He is a good friend of mine. He and I probably don’t agree on a whole lot, but we do agree on some things. Civility is what we need here on the House floor and in Washington, D.C., to discuss things in a civil manner. So I thank the gentleman for coming by. I appreciate his help. His district is south of mine and got hammered as well during the floods. We are all working together, the Texas delegation and other delegations, to make sure we help folks who have tragedy reach their lives. So I thank the gentleman for his work. We have been working together on this very important issue. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. POE of Texas. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I would like to share this thought with the gentleman because he touched upon a salient point, and that is the notion that we can have unity without uniformity. We can maintain our principles, but we can always find higher ground to stand on. The principles that we have, we don’t have to relinquish so that we can do things together. I am honored that the gentleman and I have been able to do a good many things together. As the gentleman knows, annually he and I work together on the abuse of persons in domestic relations. We have decided that that is something that we don’t want to tolerate and that we will stand together against it. I just want to thank the gentleman again for his many years of service and the service especially in that time of crisis. I greatly appreciate the gentleman. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Judge Green, once again, as I like to refer to the gentleman for all his work here in Congress helping out folks in Texas, and I will continue to work with the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I have talked quite a bit about the floods. I want to mention a couple of other things about the flooding in the Houston area. We have two reservoirs—they call them dams in other places—but they are earthen reservoirs that collect water, and the water is stored in those reservoirs. Both the reservoirs flooded. Water then was let out of the reservoirs and went downstream, as we call it, and flooded houses, as well as the rain. Here is a photograph of homes that were flooded by the storm but also flooded because Addicks Reservoir water was being released out of Addicks Reservoir and flooded these homes. But it is just a good example of the area that was flooded in Houston covered 70 percent of the Harris County area at its highest peak. But after the floods, after the rain came and the floodwaters started going down, people started helping in the recovery business, the same folks. People were volunteering to help each other. After the waters started going down, they were in the recovery business. Churches got involved, of course, government agencies got involved, and first responders got involved. I live up in the Kingwood area in a town called Humble, Texas, and that town got a lot of water and a lot of flooding in it. Near both of those areas, Kingwood and Humble, a lot of churches were working. The Second Baptist Church and St. Martha’s Church turned their facilities into a makeshift shelter for those who had need. I went to Second Baptist while they had a lot of folks there, now they have rescue crews—I say rescue crews—they have crews who are going out to different neighborhoods and helping with the removal of walls, sheetrock and anything else that was flooded. It is not just one or two crews. These are 10 person crews. They have about 70 of these crews—that is 700 people they have going out every day to help people recover some of their property but also get that drywall torn down and ripped off, because in the Houston area, in the summer heat and humidity, water can do a lot of damage if it is not dealt with immediately. But to all those people, from Second Baptist and St. Martha’s and many other faithbased groups, we appreciate the fact that they are out there doing what they can to help other individuals as well. I mentioned the Cajun Navy. The Cajun Navy—there were other people in boats who helped as well—a lot of boats. You probably saw a lot of them on TV—rubber boats, bass boats, and some people had other kind of boats that they were driving up and down the streets that were flooded. The residents who weren’t able to recover, rebuild, take down the sheetrock, for example, in these homes, they got lots of help from other volunteers. b1230 I mentioned Second Baptist Church. There were about 1,600 volunteers who helped at Second Baptist, and they are still helping people. They have received, as have all of the agencies, the nonprofits, and the government agencies, a lot of supplies, a lot of stuff that is needed for people who have lost everything. It is remarkable. No matter where you go, they are storing all of this. They have a lot of it. Some areas don’t have enough room. Some churches don’t have enough room to store all of the goods that people can use—clothes, food, and other goods—and they are going to other places. I say that because these are people who just get it. They are people in the Houston area and people out of State sending what they can. There are 18 wheelers full of stuff from many parts of the country to help people get their lives back together, all donated by corporations, donated by individuals, donated by schoolchildren. They are all headed to Houston. That is being distributed, as well, for people to recover. Mr. Speaker, Hurricane Harvey, as I mentioned, is certainly the worst that I have ever seen, growing up in the Houston area. Harvey cannot defeat the people in Texas. They are resilient about: We will not be defeated. We will not be victims. We will be survivors and victors over this hurricane. That is the attitude. You have seen that attitude on national television. You just turn on any TV station and you see that happening. That is the attitude of the people who are there. I think it is an encouraging attitude. It is the Texas spirit, as we like to say. I know it is in other parts of the country, but it is in Texas, as well. We use the statement: We are Texas strong, we are Houston strong. We are. The folks in the Houston area refuse to let Harvey defeat them. People who don’t know each other, people who do know each other, neighbors, strangers, all races, all ages are just out there helping each other. They don’t really want a lot of recognition for that. It is just the thing they do. We are a very diverse community. I think we are the second most diverse, behind New York. We have about an equal number of Whites, Blacks, and Browns. We have a strong Asian population. We speak about 115 languages in the Houston area. Very diverse. But it doesn’t make any difference what you look like or how old you are, people were helping each other. And they are still helping each other. It is people above politics. That is what is taking place. We are not talking politics. Nobody is talking politics. Everybody is talking about people and helping each other. We do have some minor problems when these tragedies happen nationwide; natural disasters. We have folks in the Houston area—they were outof towners—coming to town to do criminal stuff. They wanted to loot. The sheriff and the chief of police made it real clear early on that looters would be caught and prosecuted. That has happened. There were signs out among the area of Houston about looters and what would happen to them if they were caught. I won’t go into those signs, Mr. Speaker, but there were a lot of signs warning looters to not loot this particular property or there would be some unpleasant consequences. We didn’t have a big problem with that. There was some price gouging by some businesses and some individuals. In Texas, if you are a price gouger, there is going to be a day of reckoning. It is against the law. It is a $20,000 fine 
per occurrence. Those people will be prosecuted, the few who were there. But that is not the emphasis of what I am trying to say today. I am trying to say and want to say thanks to the people of the Houston area and the people who came to Houston to help in the rescue, who are helping now in the recovery, because they need that recognition. I also want to thank the House. The first bill we took up this week was for Hurricane Harvey recovery. It quickly passed the House and went down the hallway. The Senate passed it, added something to it, it came back to here, and we just recently sent that bill to the President of the United States to sign it. It is about $15 billion in aid for victims of Harvey. Most Members of the House supported, especially, the House bill. It shows that we can come together in times of tragedy. We are mindful of the fact that, as we speak here and are recovering in Texas, folks in Florida are watching Hurricane Irma come their way. So we will send those boats that came to Texas and those pickup trucks East and help the people in Florida. This is really an American issue, it is not a Texas issue. We all have to work together on this important time. Lastly, I would just like to conclude, Mr. Speaker, by saying the attitude of the people who were affected, to me, is inspirational. The rains came down and the floods came up, like we sang in Bible class about Noah. The floods came up and flooded, but those floods have disappeared. The sun has come out. There is a rainbow over the area and people are putting their lives back together. There is nothing that can defeat the human spirit. We appreciate Congress quickly sending the $15 billion in relief money to the area. This is a disaster that some have estimated will cost the Houston economy over $100 billion. I don’t know how much it is. We will do what we can here in Congress to make sure that we can get aid to people in Texas and those who are going to be affected by the hurricane in Florida. We appreciate our first responders, our civilian volunteers, the military, the National Guard, the Coast Guard, all of our military resources—the Navy even put two ships off the Texas coast to bring in supplies and help—all the volunteers, the first responders, the firefighters, EMS, police, and other agencies that came together to work together to deal with Harvey and not accept defeat, but only accept victory. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ), my friend. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, once again, the gentleman and I have been able to compliment each other, as we properly should, as Members of Congress. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a grateful and prayerful heart. I am grateful to my colleagues, many of whom called to give their expressions of concern. Mr. Speaker, it is a wonderful thing to have your colleagues call to let you know how much they care about what is happening in your congressional district. After all, we are Congresspersons of the United States of America, not just the congressional districts that we just happen to represent. So I am grateful to my many colleagues and leadership calling, all to give their expressions of concern not just for me, but for the people who we all represent as Congresspersons of the United States of America. I am also grateful for the many lives that were spared. Many lives were spared. I don’t know why some people were able to survive in circumstances wherein they should not have, but I do know that I am grateful that they were spared. I am also very grateful for the many Good Samaritans who were there to extend the hand of friendship in a time of need, who went out of their way to be a neighbor to people they did not know. I am so grateful to those who came across county lines and State lines to do what only they could do, because many of them had talents and they had various instrumentalities that were of benefit to us in a time of need. So I am grateful to the Good Samaritans. I am also grateful that we were able to get the $15 billion that will be a good faith downpayment to those who are still suffering in Houston, Texas, and in other places that this monster visited. I am very grateful that I was in the Speaker’s Office and was there to see the actual signing take place. I thank the Speaker for allowing me to be present. I am prayerful. I am prayerful for those who are still suffering. In my congressional district, there are people who are still in homes that are mold infested. They need help. I want them to know that there is some help on the way. Obviously, we will have to do more, but I am prayerful that they will have their homes restored. I am prayerful that they will have their lives return to normalcy. I am prayerful that their children will have the opportunity to get into school as quickly as possible. I am prayerful that they who are suffering will have the hands of our government there to comfort them. I am prayerful that they will understand that, while others are going to do what they can, only the government of the United States of America can do the heavy lifting necessary. A lot of largesse has come in. A lot of lagniappe is available. But only the government can do this heavy lifting. I am prayerful that they will understand that we are going to do what we can to make sure that they get the help that they need. I am prayerful for the families that have lost lives. One such family lost a first responder, a Houston police officer. He lost his life on his way to save lives, to help lives, to help people who were in harm’s way. It really gives a true definition of what ‘‘in the line of duty’’ means. In the line of duty, he was taken away from us. So I am prayerful that his family, as well as all of the other families that have lost lives, will be able to understand that when words cannot satisfy the concerns that you have, when nothing anyone says can make the difference that needs to be made, I am prayerful that they will understand that they can lean on their faith and that faith can see them through that which they can go through no other way. I am prayerful for them. I am prayerful for my friends in the State of Florida, where I was reared. I was born in Louisiana, reared in Florida. I attended college in Florida. I went to high school in Florida. Florida is my home, for all practical purposes, except for Texas, where I call home. I am a transplant, obviously, but Texas is home. I am prayerful for my friends in Florida. I have relatives there. They have a monster headed their way—a monster that is going to, unfortunately, create harm and cause damages. Now, my hope is that it will skirt Florida and that it will go another way. I believe in miracles, and I am asking for a miracle. But I am prayerful for my friends, for fear that this monster will visit Florida. My prayer is that I will be able to call every one of my colleagues in Florida and let them know that I care about them and their constituents. As I have said, we are all Congresspersons of the United States of America. b1245 I am prayerful for my friends, prayerful for my family, all of whom are in Florida—not the entirety of my family, not the entirety of my friends, but those who are in Florida. And finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to say to the Members of this House, I am grateful to every Member who took the vote to help us in a time of need. I have been here long enough to have the good sense to know that for some it was a hard vote, and I am grateful that you took that hard vote, because I understand that people have principles, they have circumstances that are important to them, and that legislation doesn’t always come to everyone the way we would have it come. I am just grateful for those who took that hard vote because they had rationales and reasons that they could show that, if they were to be consistent, perhaps they would have voted another way. But they took the hard vote, and I am grateful to them. I am grateful that they did so, and I am prayerful that we will all be able to take the hard votes necessary to accord the people who have been harmed by what happened in Texas and across the Gulf Coast and what is about to happen to those who are in Florida and 
other places, I am prayerful that we will have the courage to take these hard votes so that we can make sure that this government does what it is supposed to do, and that is protect its people, provide for their security, and provide for their welfare in times of need. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful and I am prayerful. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. GARRETT (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of the expected birth of his child. Mr. JONES (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of work in district. 
FY 2017 AND THE 10 YEAR PERIOD FY 2017  
TABLE 1.—REPORT TO Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Debbie Byler of Martinsburg, PA, winner of the Patient Advocate Award from the HealthSouth Rehabilitation Hospital of Altoona. Debbie is cofounder and coordinator of John’s Way Medical Equipment Ministry, a faithbased outreach program of Clover Creek Church of the Brethren. John’s Way provides wheelchairs, walkers, hospital beds and other medical equipment to individuals who do not have the necessary funds or medical insurance. Debbie has been instrumental in the growth of John’s Way which donated 16 pieces of equipment in its first year in 2009. Last year, the program made available more than 4,200 items to those in need. She oversees 40 volunteers who take requests, clean and repair equipment, pick up donations and deliver items to clients. Debbie and her work at John’s Way have had a significant, positive impact on the local community. Given her admirable actions in support of individuals and families facing hardship, Debbie is unquestionably deserving of this recognition. As such, it is my honor to help celebrate her having received this award. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LUCIANO ‘LUCKY’ VARELA 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life and legacy of a true public servant and a dear friend from my home state of New Mexico. I have been fortunate in my life to have had the example, the mentorship and the friendship of some truly extraordinary individuals. I was deeply saddened to learn that one of those extraordinary individuals, former State Representative Luciano ‘Lucky’ Varela, is no longer with us. Lucky was a political giant in New Mexico, a true public servant who was loved and respected by all who knew him. Representative Varela was seen by many as the conscience of the New Mexico Legislature—caring, knowledgeable, and always ready to lend a hand to anyone in need. During his 30 years of dedicated service, he became one of New Mexico’s most profound political leaders, and one of our state’s best representatives for working families. Lucky represented a Santa Fearea House seat in the Roundhouse from 1987 through 2016, where he served as chairman of the influential Finance Committee, among other important committee posts. When it came to state finances and fiscal matters, Lucky’s command of the subject was encyclopedic. One of his colleagues once said that Lucky had probably forgotten more about state finances than the experts that appeared before his committee ever knew. Truer words were never spoken. Over the course of his long and memorable career, Varela was a champion for fair wages and reasonable pay increase for state employees, and protecting those who served our state by working in state government. When Lucky saw a problem, he acted to correct it. His leadership and compassion shined throughout his life. He inspired those who got to know him and many who never met him. His life and his service have left an indelible imprint on the thousands of New Mexicans he helped while in office, but even more importantly, Lucky Varela’s legacy will live on through the many people he mentored and relationships he fostered. Before I close, I want to share some of the remembrances from those who knew him and worked with him. Senator TOMUDALL said Lucky ‘‘represented the people of Santa Fe with honor, integrity and heart. He will be remembered for his honesty about the need to address our challenges in order to move our state forward, and especially for his deep knowledge of the state budget and its impact on everyone in New Mexico. ‘‘Lucky truly made New Mexico a better place. He understood the numbers; just as importantly, he understood the people behind those numbers—their struggles, hopes and dreams. He gave selflessly to the people of Santa Fe and the entire state of New Mexico, and we are better for his leadership. We will miss him dearly.’’ Former Governor Bill Richardson called Lucky ‘‘a master legislator whose expertise on the budget and finances was unparalleled. He was also a gentle soul who cared deeply about his Santa Fe constituents and his wonderful family.’’ Regarding Lucky, Attorney General Hector Balderas said he was ‘‘grateful and honored to have had the opportunity to serve under his leadership in the New Mexico House of Representatives. He was a strong voice for New Mexico’s children, families and state employees.’’ New Mexico House Speaker Brian Egolf called Lucky ‘‘a stalwart advocate for working people, for using our resources wisely, and for the people of Santa Fe. Lucky was beloved in Santa Fe for many reasons, not the least of which was that he knew more about the state’s budget than most of us ever will. He never shied away from asking tough questions and giving selflessly of his time and energy to make New Mexico a better state.’’ We will miss Lucky, but we will never forget him. RECOGNIZING NORTHWEST INDIANA’S NEW CITIZENS HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who will take their oaths of citizenship on Friday, September 15, 2017. This memorable occasion, presided over by Judge Philip P. Simon, will be held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immigrants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their families. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On September 15, 2017, the following people, representing many nations throughout the world, will take their oaths of citizenship in Hammond, Indiana: Dominic Kwadwo Manu, Anas Hashem Mohammad Salameh, Mikhail Gennadiyevich Kapustin, Beata Joanna Nabrzyska, Jaroslaw Nabrzyski, Radoslaw Jan Nabrzyski, Daniel Joseph Perfilio Smith, Ramiro Malagon Ramirez, Ma Marina Diaz de Malagon, Martha Alicia Vargas Somosa, Raymundo Ibis Quintas Garcia, Sheri Ahmady, Monica Diaz Nevarez, Susana Jasna Diurych Diaz, Lola Li Fuller, Luz Maria Hernandez, Hana Kang, Biljana Loskoski, Leticia Noguez, Jose Angel Recio, Juan Carlos Rodriguez, Andres Saragoza, Farhat Naheed Shiekh, Swetha Vinjimoor, and Anna Sijie Xiong. Although each individual has sought to become a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupation, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln described it, a country ‘‘. . .of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful protest should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who will become citizens of the United States of America on September 15, 2017. They, too, will be American citizens, guaranteed the inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my appreciation to Brad Pierce, Aurora City Council Member At Large, for his many years of extraordinary work and dedication to the City of Aurora. Council Member Pierce’s dedication to the City of Aurora and his leadership and vision has, amongst other accomplishments, contributed to the city’s designation as the Safest Large City in America. As an Aurora City Council Member, Brad Pierce has consistently and effectively guided city policy towards increased quality of life and growth. He continually provided the City of Aurora with guidance and leadership in his roles as the Chair of the Management and Finance Policy Committee and as the ViceChair of the Water Policy Committee. Council Member Pierce has dedicated his time in elected office to making our community and the State of Colorado a better place for its residents. He serves as the President of the National Organization to Insure a SoundControlled Environment (N.O.I.S.E) and represents the State of Colorado and the City of Aurora as a member of National League of Cities Energy, Environment and Natural Resources Steering Committee. In addition to making the City of Aurora a better place to live, I would also like to recognize Brad Pierce’s work as the Former President and current Board Member for the Community College of Aurora Foundation. Without a doubt, Councilmember Pierce has enhanced the quality of life for every citizen in the City of Aurora throughout his tenure as an Aurora City Council Member and resident of our great city. Mr. Speaker, Brad Pierce represents the very best the State of Colorado and our nation has to offer. I offer my sincere appreciation for his unyielding dedication to public service and I wish him the very best of luck as he leaves the Aurora City Council and moves on to future endeavors. 
HONORING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FLORENCE DOUGLAS CENTER 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Florence Douglas Center in Vallejo, California, upon the occasion of its 40th Anniversary serving seniors in our community. In 1975, Mayor Florence Douglas of Vallejo appointed the late Lou Burgelin, a retired chief progressman at the Mare Island Naval Shipyard and a tireless advocate for seniors, to form a committee to study and organize the best way to open a senior facility. Lou envisioned a place where local seniors could continue to improve themselves after retirement. Mayor Douglas and the committee secured funds to build a new facility on a vacant parcel on Amador Street where the Center stands today. The Florence Douglas Center officially opened in August 1977. Over the years, the Center established many traditions and helpful programs. Along with social events, bingo twice a week and ongoing bus trips to casinos, the Center offers many opportunities for seniors to learn. There are several course options, including Zumba instruction and French and Spanish lessons. Technology has changed quite a bit since 1977, and the Center has kept up to date by building their own lab to host computer classes. The Center hosts many annual events including an International Gala, the Fall FUNraiser, and a popular Luau. The Health and Technology Fair is a onestop shop for seniors to gather information from multiple healthcare providers. On every Christmas Day since 1984 the Center has hosted hundreds of seniors for a delicious Holiday Dinner. The Dinner gives seniors who otherwise would not have a meal the opportunity to be served by their friends from the Center. In 2009, the Center named this tradition ‘‘The Free Lou Burgelin Holiday Dinner,’’ a fitting tribute for a place where seniors gather to serve seniors. Mr. Speaker, for the past forty years the Florence Douglas Center has been a place where the seniors in our community can gather to take classes, make friends and have meals. The U.S. Census Bureau expects the population of seniors to double between 2012 and 2050. The Center will be an important part or our community’s effort to improve the lives of our seniors for the next forty years and beyond. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor the Center here today. f 
RECOGNIZING SHELLY KERCHNER FOR RECEIVING A PERSONAL ACHIEVEMENT AWARD FROM THE HEALTHSOUTH REHABILITATION HOSPITAL OF ALTOONA 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Shelly Kerchner, one of the winners of the 24th annual Personal Achievement Award from the HealthSouth Rehabilitation Hospital of Altoona. This award is given to encourage and recognize those who have made an outstanding effort to deal with or overcome a disability. This year, Shelly has earned that distinction. Shelly’s life changed eleven years ago in 2006 with she fell down a flight of stairs, suffering a devastating spinal cord injury. She was only able to move her eyes and had weak movement in both of her hands. Shelly’s medical prognosis was bleak, indicating she would never walk again or use her hands. Yet, through perseverance, hard work and dedication she proved that grim forecast wrong. Today, Shelly is now walking with braces and a rolling walker and is independent with her everyday tasks. She cooks, cleans, drives, practices yoga and is an author. She is said to be an inspiration to many people through her Internet blog and her published book— Standing Tall: The Healing Power of Gratitude. I am humbled to recognize the truly impressive recovery Shelly has made. Her strength and positivity in the face of such adversity is remarkable. As such, it is my pleasure to wish Shelly the best as she continues to reclaim her health and life. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE OPTIMIST CLUB OF GREEN BAY 
Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 70th Anniversary of the Optimist Club of Green Bay. Since its founding in 1947, this community service organization has made a profound impact across the Greater Green Bay Area by bringing many activities, improvements, and educational opportunities to the youth of Green Bay. The Optimist Club of Green Bay has been a sponsor of youth baseball and softball, in addition to being a strong advocate of the ‘‘Just Say No’’ antidrug campaign and the ‘‘Winners Wear Helmets’’ bicycle initiative. The Optimist Club of Green Bay also hosts an annual oratorical contest for high school students designed to encourage them to gain experience in public speaking as a means of providing information to others. The two winners from each year’s contest are generously awarded with a college scholarship. Mr. Speaker, I urge all members of this body to join me in applauding the Optimist Club of Green Bay and the 2,500 other local optimist clubs across world for their commitment to brightening the future of the youth in their respective communities. 
HONORING J. MICHAEL ANDERSON UPON RECEIPT OF THE 2017 ZUNIC AWARD 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize J. Michael Anderson, the 2017 recipient of the Zunic Award as presented by the Syracuse Football Club. The Syracuse Football Club is a group of former Syracuse Orange football players focused on making a difference in the Central New York community. The Zunic Award was created to honor Mike and Judy Zunic, who died tragically in a United Airlines plane crash in Sioux City, Iowa on July 18, 1989. The pilot, anticipating landing difficulties, requested volunteers to give up their seats and sit at the exit doors to assist passengers in the event of an emergency. Mike and Judy gave up their seats in first class to sit at one of the doors. They both died in the crash and those in the Zunics’ original seats survived. The Zunic Award honors those, like Mike and Judy, who have acted selflessly for the good of others. This year’s Zunic Award recipient, J. Michael Anderson, is a former Orange offensive lineman, and has tragically lost two of his three sons—Jimmy and Eric—to the opioid epidemic devastating our community and our nation. Despite this extraordinary loss, Mike 
has channeled his own tragedy into advocacy and volunteerism. He and his wife, Flo, have focused on making a difference in the Central New York community and assisting others who have experienced similar tragedy. Anderson served as a youth basketball coach for more than two decades at Immaculate Heart of Mary in Liverpool, and coached baseball in the Salt City Little League for 10 years. In addition, the Andersons are frequent holiday volunteers at the Syracuse Rescue Mission, serving meals to those less fortunate, and are active participants in the Liverpool Central School District ‘‘Dollars for Scholars’’ program where they have established a scholarship in their son Jimmy’s name. Anderson spends part of each day visiting online grief sites offering assistance to those who are struggling with tragedy. For his tremendous efforts to make a difference in ending this scourge and to make our community a better place, I am proud to join the Syracuse Football Club in honoring J. Michael Anderson. 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Anthony Battista, a man who possesses the qualities that are present in the very best personnel in our national government in full measure. Tony was the research and development director of the House Armed Services Committee for many years. His engineering background and ability to ignore political pressure brought him down on the right side of many important decisions that ushered in dominant U.S. military technology during the 1980s and 1990s. To succeed, our country needs standup, intelligent, honest brokers in key decision making positions. Tony Battista was all that in his service to the House of Representatives and America. I extend my heartfelt gratitude for his honesty, brilliance, and unfailingly dedication to Americans in uniform. I ask my fellow colleagues to join me in recognizing Tony’s service to our government, our military, and our nation. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, a deep, unbreakable bond unites the United States and Ireland. We are linked through many sectors—historical, cultural, social, sporting, business and political. I would like to congratulate Ambassador Daniel Mulhall as he presents his diplomatic credentials to President Donald Trump. Ambassador Mulhall will be Ireland’s 18th Ambassador to the United States. As a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and a Member of Congress with an Irish born parent, I look forward to working with closely Ambassador Mulhall on the U.S.—Ireland relationship. After joining Ireland’s Department of Foreign Affairs in 1978, Ambassador Mulhall has gained extensive experience working in New Delhi, Vienna, Brussels, Edinburgh, Malaysia, Laos, Thailand, Vietnam, Germany and then London. During his diplomatic career, Ambassador Mulhall has also held a number of positions at the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, including as DirectorGeneral for European Affairs. He also served as a member of the Secretariat of the Forum for Peace and Reconciliation which was set up in 1994 in order to promote political dialogue between different political traditions in Ireland. From 1994 to 1998, he was the Department’s Press Counsellor and in that capacity was part of the Irish Government’s delegation at the time of the Good Friday Agreement 1998. f 
HONORING JEFF ROSSER UPON HIS RETIREMENT FROM RAYCOM MEDIA GROUP 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my colleague Congressman MIKEROGERS  to honor Mr. Jeff Rosser for his exceptional career in broadcast journalism and his almost 50 years in television news. Mr. Rosser was named Vice President of Raycom Media Group in Montgomery, Alabama in 1999. He will retire this September after serving 18 years in this distinguished role. Mr. Rosser received his Bachelor of Arts in broadcast journalist from Brigham Young University and went on to work at multiple news outlets across the country in cities including Salt Lake City, Dallas, Tulsa, New York, and Boston. He then served as General Manager at WVTM in Birmingham, KDFW in his hometown of Dallas, and stations in Providence, Ft. Smith, Fayetteville and Oklahoma City. Over the years, Mr. Rosser has been recognized as a leader in his field through many honors including serving on the ABC Affiliate Board of Governors, the National Association of Broadcasters Television Board of Directors, and the FOX Affiliate Board of Governors. Mr. Rosser has been an invaluable asset to Raycom Media Group, being credited with helping to achieve numerous shared services agreements in Raycom markets and now overseeing ten Raycom television stations. He is highly respected among his peers and his talents will not be easily replaced. Television news stations provide a great service to the communities that they reach. A Raycom Media Group affiliate, WSFA in Montgomery, provides Central Alabama with upto date, relevant news and I am thankful for Mr. Rosser’s role in keeping the people of Alabama informed of what matters most to them. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to join Mr. Rosser’s colleagues, family, and friends in congratulating him on his retirement and honoring his successful career. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. CONGRATULATING THE FAYETTE COUNTY COMMUNITY ACTION AGENCY FOR 50 YEARS OF SERVICE HON. BILL SHUSTER 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Fayette County Community Action Agency for 50 years of service to the communities of Fayette County in western Pennsylvania. The work of this agency has set an example for Community Action Agencies nationwide causing FCCAA to be recognized on numerous occasions for its community and economic work, as well as the quality of services which its employees provide. In addition to recognitions by the United States Department of Agriculture and the AARP foundation, just last year the Pennsylvania Housing and Finance Agency recognized FCCAA with its Lender Partnership Award. The agency’s Board of Directors is composed of elected officials, business leaders and community representatives, and has built an agency which is an example for other communities. Their work touches thousands of people each year by providing services such as emergency food and shelter, housing development, services for older residents, education and support for first time mothers, and training and education programs. Fayette County Community Action Agency is fulfilling their mission of helping people and changing lives, and I am proud to have such a fine agency in my district. Fayette County is lucky to have an agency so committed to improving the livelihood of its citizens, and I am thankful for their dedication to this community. 
RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE JO ANN EMERSON CONGRESSIONAL PAPERS TO THE KENT LIBRARY SPECIAL COLLECTIONS AND ARCHIVES AT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI STATE UNIVERSITY 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the formal contribution of the Jo Ann Emerson Congressional Papers to the Kent Library Special Collections and Archives at Southeast Missouri State University. Today, we celebrate and congratulate our district’s matriarch, Congresswoman Jo Ann Emerson. During Jo Ann’s sixteen year tenure in the United States House of Representatives, she was a champion for the people of not only Southern Missouri, but the entire state. She fiercely defended the conservative values shared by the citizens of southeast and south central Missouri while also knowing how to reach across the aisle to pass legislation to the benefit of those she represented. The Jo Ann Emerson Congressional Papers contain more than onehundred boxes of documents that follow Emerson’s time in Congress. The collection includes official press releases, documents from committee hearings, 
personal correspondence, speeches, certificates, and over eleventhousand photographs. Emerson was the first Republican woman to represent the state of Missouri in the U.S. House of Representatives. She was reelected eight times, representing Missouri’s Eighth Congressional District from 1996 to 2013. During Emerson’s time in office, she successfully promoted economic development, secured federal dollars for rural improvements, healthcare, and agriculture, while building the framework for a brighter future for our region. I want to express my gratitude to Southeast Missouri State University for dedicating the Jo Ann Emerson Congressional Papers to the Special Collections and Archives in the Kent Library, and to Jo Ann Emerson and her family for contributing her photo collection and Congressional Papers. Finally, I want to share a deep and heartfelt thank you to Jo Ann not only for her service and influence on the Eighth District of Missouri, but also for being someone who I looked up to and whose legacy I strive to honor every day. 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Sheila Earline Baker, a generous and warm member of the Fort Worth community who passed away on Monday, August 28, 2017, following a courageous battle with breast cancer. Sheila was born on August 30, 1950 to her parents Herbert and Ruth Baker, and was the third of five Baker Girls. A longtime resident of Fort Worth, Sheila graduated from I.M. Terrell High School where her energy and spirit shined as a cheerleader for her school. Following her graduation from I.M. Terrell High School, Sheila attended HustonTillotson College in Austin, Texas. Sheila lived in Los Angeles for 20 years where she worked for Blue Cross Blue Shield before moving up in responsibility from an administrative assistant to a supervisor and trainer. She never met a stranger she didn’t instantly connect with and had countless friends around the local DFW area. Sheila was committed to serving her community. She was an active member of the Baker Chapel AME, serving as a class leader, greeter, usher, missionary and part of the Membership and Evangelism and Social Action Commissions. Sheila’s passion for photography assisted her as she took on the role of resident photographer for Baker Chapel and consistently chronicled church activities and programs. In addition, Sheila worked on the Commission for Social Action in Fort Worth and served on the board of Tarrant Churches Together, assisting with the MLK Day of Service. She was actively involved with the Stephen Stallworth Scholarship Foundation, an avid supporter of the Susan G Komen Breast Cancer Foundation, and worked fiercely in support of the homeless, school children, and breast cancer survivors. Most importantly, Sheila was her family’s historian and her daughter, Ashley Hayes’, biggest cheerleader and supporter. Sheila’s spirit of service is greatly reflected upon Ashley, who proudly serves as the Legislative Director in my Washington, D.C. office. Mr. Speaker and colleagues, please join me in honor and remembrance of Sheila Earline Baker, whose warm and generous heart touched many lives. I offer my condolences and deepest sympathy to those who loved her: mother, Ruth Munchus Baker; sisters, Ruth ‘‘Cookie’’ Baker; nieces and nephews, Eric (Linda), Ronald, Lisa (Sean), Misty (Carl), Keosha, Monique (Lemond) and Michelle (Jonathan); Godson, Andre’ C. Dennis; dear friend, Cynthia Hicks Brown; several generations of other nephews and nieces; other family members and many friends. Among those are her beloved daughter, Ashley Hayes and her husband Michael. I honor Sheila Earline Baker, a spirited member of the Fort Worth and Texas community. f 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Sacramento Bee as it celebrates its 160th anniversary. As the community, supporters, and Bee staff members gather today, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring them and their long history of service to the Sacramento region and beyond. On February 3, 1857, the Sacramento Bee released its first issue, proclaiming that ‘‘the object of the Sacramento Bee is not only independence, but permanence.’’ It is that permanence that we come together to honor today. For five generations, the McClatchy and Maloney families have strived to provide the greater Sacramento area with quality news rooted in independent, honest journalism. The Bee is not only a family institution, but a staple of our Sacramento community as well. The Bee has been awarded six Pulitzer Prizes and continues to produce a quality newspaper that serves the needs of its community. As the longest running newspaper in Sacramento’s history, the Bee consistently exemplifies its core values of integrity and independence. Its dedication to transparency and ethical journalism has garnered the Bee immense praise and countless industry awards for its superior journalism, setting the standard for the 29 other McClatchy Company newspapers located across the country. Mr. Speaker, as the Sacramento Bee celebrates 160 years of service to the Sacramento region, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring the paper and its employees for their dedication to journalism and to our community. HONORING ANNUAL APPRECIATION BANQUET AT SRI VENKATES WARA SWAMI (BALAJI) TEMPLE ON SEPTEMBER 9TH HON. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI 
Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I honor Sri Venkateswara Swami (Balaji) Temple’s significant, enduring contributions to our community, state, and country. The Sri Venkateswara Swami (Balaji) temple has opened its doors to devotees for more than 30 years. Its mission is to promote the highest values of Hindu culture, philosophy, religion, spirituality, and tradition in the United States with benevolence, compassion, and tolerance. It holds a prestigious reputation as one of the most beautiful and authentic Hindu temples outside of India. Each year the annual Appreciation Banquet is held to honor all who worship and participate in the Temple’s social and cultural gatherings. The Banquet also serves as an opportunity to show Hindu traditions to our children, and to promote getting youth further involved in temple activities. Every time I visit the beautiful Sri Venkateswara Swami (Balaji) temple in Aurora, Illinois, I am inspired by the congregation’s devotion and its commitment to making our community stronger. Hinduism is a religion that prides itself on pluralism, inclusion, tolerance, nonviolence, and the embrace of diversity. These are not only the values of the temple; they are also our shared American values. When people try to divide Americans or separate us, we need to remember that all of us belong together and that diversity and inclusion make us stronger as a country. I honor the Sri Venkateswara Swami (Balaji) temple’s annual appreciation banquet in Aurora, Illinois on September 9th. 
RECOGNIZING THE SESQUICENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF KESLER TEMPLE AFRICAN METHODIST EPISCOPAL ZION CHURCH 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Kesler Temple African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church, located in my congressional district in the City of Henderson, North Carolina, as the Church and its faithful congregation celebrate its 150th Anniversary. Kesler Temple has been a beacon of light in the Vance County community and has positively impacted generations of families in eastern North Carolina. What would eventually become Kesler Temple African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church was founded in 1867 when members of the African Methodist Episcopal Zion faith established a new church. Its first pastor was Reverend A. F. Goslen. In 1872, Reverend A. G. Kesler was assigned to the Granville County Circuit by the legendary Bishop James Walker 
Hood who established the AME Zion Church in North Carolina. The Church was formally named in honor of Reverend Kesler five years later. Presiding Bishops of the African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church have appointed fifty pastors in the Church’s 150 year history including the current presiding pastor and my college friend, Reverend Dr. James C. White. Under the leadership of Reverend Dr. James C. White, Kesler Temple African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church continues to grow in size and strength. His strong faith in God and preparedness for the ministry, has earned him a stellar reputation among Christian believers throughout our great state. Mr. Speaker, by the grace of God, Kesler Temple African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church has been blessed for 150 long years as it has witnessed for Christ each and every day. The Church’s faithfulness and scripture based ministry will ensure that Kesler Temple continues to thrive for generations to come. On behalf of the United States House of Representatives and the people of the First Congressional District of North Carolina, I extend to the Pastor and members of Kesler Temple African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church my best wishes on this auspicious occasion. 
RECOGNIZING KIM EMES FOR RECEIVING A PERSONAL ACHIEVEMENT AWARD FROM THE HEALTHSOUTH REHABILITATION HOSPITAL OF ALTOONA 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kim Emes, one of the winners of the 24th annual Personal Achievement Award from the HealthSouth Rehabilitation Hospital of Altoona. This award is given to encourage and recognize those who have made an outstanding effort to deal with or overcome a disability. This year, Kim has earned that distinction. Kim was diagnosed in January 2017 with GuillainBarre Syndrome, a rare disorder in which your body’s immune system attacks your nerves causing weakness and temporary paralysis throughout the body. Kim was completely dependent as she began rehabilitation therapy with very little functional movement. But she showed determination, hard work and a desire to be challenged during each treatment visit and continued to make excellent progress. By discharge, Kim had totally regained her strength, balance and mobility, and was able to walk without braces or a rolling walker. I am honored to help celebrate Kim’s impressive efforts and recovery, as I believe her dedicated and positive attitude is something many of us can learn from as we attempt to overcome the hardships in our lives. Furthermore, I am happy to recognize Kim for her perseverance, and I wish her the best as she returns to a life of full health. CONGRATULATIONS TO MARK TWAIN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AND MS. LAUREL ROSENTHAL HON. BILLY LONG 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mark Twain Elementary School in Carthage, Missouri, on its 100th Anniversary as well as its principal, Ms. Laurel Rosenthal, on 50 years of service. On September 17, 2017, Mark Twain Elementary School will celebrate a major milestone in its history, that of 100 years of educating many generations of Missourians. Today this school educates more than 300 students from kindergarten until the fourth grade. This school was the pilot school for the Vision Program, which helps young students with their reading. Ms. Rosenthal started at Mark Twain in 1967 and has remained in the same building throughout her career. Over the years, Ms. Rosenthal turned down many offers from different school districts, demonstrating her loyalty and dedication to serving the kids of Mark Twain Elementary School. Her leadership through the years has provided generations of young children in Carthage with a quality education. On behalf of Missouri’s 7th Congressional District, I ask my colleagues to congratulate Ms. Rosenthal on her years of service, and Mark Twain Elementary School on 100 years of educating the young minds of southwest Missouri. 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize Judge Gregory G. Mallon of Delaware County, Pennsylvania. Judge Mallon has honorably served Delaware County since 1982 as both a Magisterial District Judge and Judge of the Court of Common Pleas. After completing law school, Judge Mallon began his distinguished career in public service as a district judge for Rutledge and Eddystone in Delaware County. In 2008, he was appointed to Judgeship in the Court of Common Pleas Criminal Division. Many of his most notable cases came during his time on this bench. His decisions show a clear respect for due process and an unbiased judiciary. I commend Judge Gregory G. Mallon for honorably serving our community with his passion for justice. He has earned the respect of both his colleagues and the public he served. I wish him well in retirement. SAFELY ENSURING LIVES FUTURE DEPLOYMENT AND RESEARCH IN VEHICLE EVOLUTION ACT SPEECH OF  
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I commend the sponsors of this legislation, BOBLATTA and JANSCHAKOWSKY , and the Energy and Commerce Committee for their work on H.R. 3388, the SAFE DRIVE Act. The development of ‘‘selfdriving’’ vehicles has the potential to make a quantum leap in road safety and access to transportation. The SAFE Drive Act begins the important process of developing the regulatory framework for this new technology. As Congress continues its work in this area, it is important that we make sure that the new regulatory landscape works well for all stakeholders. Accordingly, I would like to highlight some issues that we need to continue to be mindful of because of their impact on insurers. Clearly, for automated driving technology to fully develop, insurers are an important component for managing the associated risks. Highly automated vehicles hold great promise for reducing the number of deaths and accidents on our nation’s roads as well as providing increased mobility for those who are not able to drive due to age or disability. This transition to ‘‘selfdriving’’ vehicles will take place over many years during which these vehicles will interact, and sometimes collide with, vehicles driven by humans. Our legal system has a vast amount of experience apportioning liability after auto accidents, but that task could be made more difficult if access to data (including photos or video) generated by automated vehicles involved in accidents is restricted. As such, vehicle owners should have primary control over vehicle data from highly automated vehicles. Automated vehicle data must be made available to the parties involved, their insurers and authorized representatives on reasonable terms. State and federal governments should not set limits on access to vehicle data by law or regulation that could delay compensation to accident victims and increase automobile insurance costs, nor should vehicle manufacturers be permitted to limit access. to vehicle data. For any vehicle, safety issues are paramount. While automated vehicle technology has the potential to greatly reduce crashes, it is unlikely to eliminate them entirely. Therefore, maintaining existing standards for vehicle crash protection for automated vehicles is essential. Granting of exceptions should only be considered through an evidence based approach and should not be rushed—automated driving capabilities do not necessarily guarantee improved safety. Again, I commend my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee for their work on this legislation. I look forward to supporting it and to continuing to work towards achieving the objectives I have outlined. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the ten World War II veterans from Oregon who visited their memorial on the National Mall on Friday, September 8, 2017 through Honor Flight of Eastern Oregon. Every time I have the chance to meet one of these heroes from the ‘‘Greatest Generation,’’ I am reminded of the poignant words of General Dwight D. Eisenhower. In a message to Allied troops just before D–Day, he said, ‘‘The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty loving people everywhere march with you.’’ He was right then, of course, Mr. Speaker. But over seventy years later, liberty loving people everywhere continue to owe these heroes for their extraordinary service and their incredible stories of sacrifice and bravery on behalf of our country. That’s why it is my privilege to enter their names into the CONGRES SIONAL RECORD today. The veterans on this Honor Flight from Oregon are as follows: Kenneth Brandt, Army; George Droz, Army; Charles Robertson, Army; George Schoppert, Army; William Evarts, Army Air Force; Alfred Kruckman, Army Air Force; August Evert, Navy; Ben Lemire, Navy; Otto Schaffer, Navy; Billy Baucum, U.S. Coast Guard. Some of these brave men served on land in France, Germany, Austria, England, Normandy and throughout the European and Pacific Theatres. Some served at sea in the South Pacific and the Philippines, on patrol frigates and Navy vessels. Some served as air crewman and infantrymen. While each of their roles was different, their dedication to their country was the same. These ten heroes join the over 150,000 veterans who have been honored through the Honor Flight Network of volunteers nationwide since 2005. I would also like to recognize the four guardians traveling on this trip who have served our country: Terrie Evarts, Jerry Rozelle, Harley Keiley, and Candy Kelley. I also want to thank and recognize the group leaders on this night, as well as the dedicated Board Members of Honor Flight of Eastern Oregon and the Bend Heroes Foundation, who worked so hard to make this trip happen. Mr. Speaker, at the height of the Civil War in 1863, President Abraham Lincoln wrote, ‘‘Honor to the Soldier, and Sailor everywhere, who bravely bears his country’s cause.’’ Each of us in this chamber and in this nation should be humbled by the courage of these brave veterans who put themselves in harm’s way for our country and way of life. As a nation, we can never fully repay the debt of gratitude owed to them for their honor, commitment, and sacrifice in defense of the freedoms we have today. My colleagues, please join me in thanking these veterans and the volunteers of Honor Flight of Eastern Oregon for their exemplary dedication and service to this great country. HONORING GEORGE ALTAMURA HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor President and Founder George Altamura upon the 25th Anniversary of Hands Across the Valley, an outstanding annual event that benefits Napa County safety net food programs. As a young man growing up in Buffalo, New York, Mr. Altamura dreamed of living in California. When he graduated from high school in 1949, he made his dream a reality by hitchhiking his way across the United States, working first as a carpenter’s apprentice and eventually obtaining a general contractor’s license. In 1952, he established Altamura Enterprises, a successful property development company. He has worked hard to help make Napa Valley a wonderful place to live. Mr. Altamura founded Hands Across the Valley when he learned that hundreds of people in our community were going hungry every day. He and other leaders in our community decided to come together ‘‘to do something about the hunger in Napa Valley.’’ They formed a committee to plan a fundraising event, not knowing how the community would respond. Over five hundred guests attended the inaugural event. Hands Across the Valley has become a popular annual event in our community, succeeding in raising well over two million dollars to benefit Napa Valley’s safety net food programs. Hands Across the Valley raises funds for the Napa Valley Food Bank, Meals on Wheels, the Salvation Army, and The Table, a local charity focused on providing nutritious meals to anyone that is hungry. In addition to providing much needed funds to these safety net services, Hands Across the Valley helps the Food Bank, Catholic Charities, The Table and American Canyon Family Resource Center provide holiday turkeys and food baskets each year. Mr. Speaker, the Hands Across the Valley benefit and George Altamura have been helping our community organizations with their goal of creating a ‘‘community without hunger.’’ Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. 
RECOGNIZING RON CLAWSON FOR RECEIVING A PERSONAL ACHIEVEMENT AWARD FROM THE HEALTHSOUTH REHABILITATION HOSPITAL OF ALTOONA 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ron Clawson, one of the winners of the 24th annual Personal Achievement Award from the HealthSouth Rehabilitation Hospital of Altoona. This award is given to encourage and recognize those who have made an outstanding effort to deal with or overcome a disability. This year, Ron has earned that distinction. Ron was at work atop a tanker car when it exploded in January 2017. He sustained significant trauma and multiple injuries including nine rib fractures, multiple spinal fractures and burns all over his body. The accident dramatically changed his life, causing him to endure many trips for medical treatment including outpatient therapy three times a week, followup appointments with multiple doctors and a surgical procedure on his right shoulder. Yet, through all of these troubles, Ron, with the boundless support of his wife Diane and their four children, has approached his situation with strength and calm determination. I am humbled to recognize the truly impressive recovery Ron has made. His steadfast perseverance in the face of such adversity is remarkable. As such, it is my pleasure to wish Ron the best as he continues to reclaim his health and life. f 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my gratitude to the City of Centennial’s Mayor Cathy Noon as her final term as mayor comes to an end. Mayor Noon’s extraordinary work and dedication to the City of Centennial has positively transformed the City of Centennial over her time in office. As Mayor of Centennial, her leadership has proved to be a key factor in many of the city’s most successful programs and initiatives. Mayor Cathy Noon has shown time and time again what a dedicated public servant can do to make a difference for her community. Mayor Noon was a leader in the process to draft the original homerule charter for the city when it was established in 2001 and her service to the City of Centennial has truly extended from its conception to the present day. She has also taken a prominent role in furthering the interests of the entire metropolitan region through her service on numerous boards and commissions such as, the Metro Mayors Caucus, the C–470 Executive Committee and the Denver Regional Council of Governments. Under Mayor Noon’s leadership, projects such as the Intelligent Transportation System Master Plan and Go Centennial have helped the City of Centennial to grow and prosper beyond anyone’s expectations. It is clear her tireless service to the people of Centennial has made this community a better place to live, work, and raise a family. Mr. Speaker, as her final term of service to the citizens of the City of Centennial nears its end, I offer Mayor Cathy Noon my sincere appreciation for her many years of accomplished public service and I wish to extend my grateful thanks to her for her unyielding dedication to the people and the City of Centennial. 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to announce that the 
new stateoftheart Media Arts and Technology Department facility at New Mexico Highlands University, my alma mater, will be named the McCaffrey Historic Trolley Building in honor of two outstanding New Mexicans and my dear friends, Joe and Martha McCaffrey. Joe and Martha have been generous in establishing the McCaffrey Family Endowment to support students in the new Highlands Master of Fine Arts degree program. Leveo Sanchez, Chairman of the Highlands Board of Regents, took note in making the naming recommendation, ‘‘Joe and Martha McCaffrey have been highly involved with Highlands media arts for a number of years and have been very generous in making gifts to the department,’’ Sanchez said. ‘‘It’s rare to have dedicated alumni like the McCaffreys who graduated so many years ago and are willing to donate some of their wealth to the university.’’ But for those of us who know Joe and Martha McCaffrey, their generosity of spirit is not surprising. The McCaffreys have often noted the important role that Highlands played in their lives, and I have seen firsthand their love of the university and the Highlands community. Joe said, ‘‘As young newly married students, we were given a firm educational foundation that allowed us to pursue our chosen careers. Without the help of caring professors, we would not have achieved our goals.’’ ‘‘This endowment is a small way for us to repay what Highlands gave to us so many years ago. We wanted media arts students at Highlands to have the same opportunities we had,’’ Martha explained. ‘‘The McCaffreys have supported media arts student projects, purchased equipment, and funded retreats to create the MFA program,’’ said Kerry Loewen, media arts and technology chair at Highlands. ‘‘They consistently support our program in other ways too, such as regularly attending student events. The McCaffreys are deserving of this legacy.’’ I am also reminded that the McCaffrey Family Endowment was also established to honor the memory of Joe and Martha’s family. Joe was born in Albuquerque and graduated from St. Mary’s High School. His maternal grandfather came to New Mexico in 1879 and later founded the Albuquerque Carpenters Union. Joe’s paternal grandfather came to New Mexico in the 1920s. He was a member of the New Mexico Legislature in the thirties and spent forty years working for New Mexico Senator Clinton P. Anderson. Joe’s father, Bill McCaffrey, was the founder of the Rio Rancho Observer. Bill’s brother, Fred McCaffrey, was the premier New Mexico political columnist, a Santa Fe Living Treasure and was a good friend of my father. Martha said that the Media Arts and Technology Department reminded her of Speech and Drama Department at Louisiana State University, chaired by her grandfather. ‘‘This gift honors my grandfather’s memory and his teaching philosophy. He once wrote, ‘A good teacher believes in accessibility to students and companionship with them, promotes attitudes of professional ethics, and gives them hard tasks to do in friendliness.’ ’’ The professors in the Media Arts Department demonstrate that philosophy. This gift also honors the memory of Martha’s father, whose proudest achievement was his contributions to the eradication of smallpox, while working for the World Health Organization in India and Somalia and her mother, a lifelong educator. I am reminded that Joe earned a B.S. and M.S. in physics and mathematics from Highlands in 1960 and 1961 respectively. Martha completed a B.A. in history, with a minor in English, in 1961. Joe completed a Ph.D. in physics from Colorado State University. Joe worked at the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory for 30 years as a bench scientist and science administrator and for five years as a Professor of Computational Engineering at Mississippi State University. His many technical achievements during this period were documented in a Memorial declaring February 21, 2013 as ‘‘Dr. Joe McCaffrey Day’’ in the New Mexico Senate. None of these achievements would have been possible without the educational foundation provided by Highlands University. I recall that Joe was named a Highlands distinguished alumnus in 2004, served on the Highlands Foundation board beginning in 2006 and continues as an emeritus member. He also has taught several classes at Highlands. Martha completed her master’s degree in library science at the University of Maryland, and was a longtime librarian and media specialist at Mandeville High School in Mandeville, Louisiana. Martha received the Modisette Award from the Louisiana Library Association for her pioneering efforts in library automation. I know that Martha is a member of the Highlands Alumni Association board. As a Las Vegas Citizens Committee for Historic Preservation board member, she has mentored several media arts students in local internships through the university’s oneofa kind AmeriCorps Cultural Technology program. So it is with great pleasure that I congratulate Highlands on the new Media Arts and Technology Department facility and thank Joe and Martha McCaffrey for their generosity and their vision for generations of future fine arts students at Highlands. 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I take this time to honor Judge William E. Alexa, and to wish him well upon his retirement. Throughout his many years of public service, Judge Alexa has been dedicated and unwavering in his support of the local community. After more than thirty years of public service, Judge Alexa will be retiring in October of this year. To commemorate this special occasion and to pay tribute to Judge Alexa’s extraordinary career, a celebratory event will take place on Tuesday, September 19, 2017, at the Old Towne Banquet Center in Valparaiso, Indiana. William Alexa is a veteran of the United States Army, having served between 1962 and 1964. Following his military service, he went on to graduate from the Valparaiso University School of Law in 1973. Not long after law school, from 1975 to 1978, Judge Alexa held the positions of Porter County Deputy and Chief Deputy Prosecuting Attorney. In 1988, he was elected to the Indiana State Senate, faithfully serving his constituents of the Fifth District for the next fourteen years. As a member of the Indiana General Assembly, Senator Alexa served on the Judiciary Committee, the State Budget Committee, the Commission on Courts, and the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs and the Military. As a legislator, he coauthored a bill that established the Indiana Commission on Military and Veterans Affairs. From 2000 to 2002, Judge Alexa also served as Chair of the Indiana Criminal Law Study Commission. In the private sector, Judge Alexa practiced law from 1978 to 2002, at which time he was appointed to serve the remainder of the term of Judge Thomas W. Webber Sr. He was reelected in 2006 and 2012 to continue serving as Porter County Superior Court Judge. For his admirable and devoted career in public service, Judge Alexa has received numerous accolades and awards, including the Sagamore of the Wabash, bestowed upon him by the late Governor Frank O’Bannon, and the Distinguished Public Service Award, presented to him by the American Legion of Indiana. Aside from his work, Judge Alexa gives much of his time to numerous charitable endeavors, and for that he is worthy of our respect and appreciation. Judge Alexa’s commitment to the community and to public service is exceeded only by his devotion to his amazing family. He and his wife, Joyce, have two loving children and three beautiful granddaughters. I am honored to call Bill Alexa a friend and I cannot thank him enough for all that he has done for me over the years. I am even more grateful for what he has done for so many for so long, stranger and friend alike. His service has improved the future we will live in. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring Judge William Alexa for his outstanding service to the community of Northwest Indiana and beyond. His unwavering dedication to improving the quality of life for all Hoosiers is truly admirable, and we have been honored to have had his presence in the judiciary for so long. Please join me in thanking Judge Alexa and wishing him well upon his retirement. f 
RECOGNIZING JESSICA STELLABOTTE FOR RECEIVING A PERSONAL ACHIEVEMENT AWARD FROM THE HEALTHSOUTH REHABILITATION HOSPITAL OF ALTOONA 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jessica Stellabotte, one of the winners of the 24th annual Personal Achievement Award from the HealthSouth Rehabilitation Hospital of Altoona. This award is given to encourage and recognize those who have made an outstanding effort to deal with or overcome a disability. This year, Jessica has earned that distinction. Jessica was diagnosed in April 2017 with Acute Demyelinating Encephalopathy, an inflammation of the body’s central nervous system that affects the brain and spinal cord. At 
the time, Jessica was just a typical young woman pursuing her Master’s Degree in Grief Counseling. She faced many obstacles being unable to speak, sit without support or simply wheel her wheelchair. However, through her hard work, motivation and family support, Jessica has made tremendous gains in speech and occupational therapy and now even walks with a walker. She is completing a graduate program to become a grief counselor, and is an inspiration to many. I am honored to help celebrate Jessica’s impressive efforts and promising recovery, as I believe that her dedicated and positive attitude is something many of us can learn from as we attempt to overcome the hardships in our lives. Furthermore, I am happy to recognize Jessica for her perseverance, and I wish her the best as she continues to reclaim her health and life. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, September 11, 2017. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 public bills, H.R. 3711–3725; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 511–512, were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H. Res. 446, resolution of inquiry requesting the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the removal of former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–300); and H.R. 931, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–301).
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
Reinforcing Education Accountability in Development Act: The House concurred in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 601, to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and improved learning outcomes, and to eliminate duplication and waste, by a yeaandnay vote of 316 yeas to 90 nays, Roll No. 480.
                                                      Pages H7191–97 H. Res. 509, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 601) was agreed to by voice vote, after the previous question was ordered without objection.
Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018: The House considered H.R. 3354, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018. Further proceedings were postponed. 
Agreed to: Pearce amendment (No. 63 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was debated on September 7th that prevents funds from being used to implement the Bureau of Land Management’s ‘‘Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resource Conservation’’ rule (by a recorded vote of 216 ayes to 186 noes, Roll No. 484); and
Smith (MO) amendment (No. 72 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that restricts federal agencies from using funds to pay legal fees under any lawsuit settlement regarding a case that arises under the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act.
Rejected: Blackburn amendment (No. 55 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was debated on September 7th that sought to call for 1% across the board cuts (by a recorded vote of 156 ayes to 248 noes, Roll No. 481);
Palmer amendment (No. 56 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was debated on September 7th that 
sought to ensure that none of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the Environmental Protection Agency’s Criminal Enforcement Division (by a recorded vote of 178 ayes to 227 noes, Roll No. 482); and
Carbajal amendment (No. 57 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was debated on September 7th that sought to state that none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to process any application under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) for a permit to drill or a permit to modify, that would authorize use of hydraulic fracturing or acid well stimulation treatment in the Pacific Outer Continental Shelf (by a recorded vote of 177 ayes to 230 noes, Roll No. 483).
Withdrawn: Knight amendment (No. 69 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have prohibited funds related to certain mineral contracts
Proceedings Postponed: Mullin amendment (No. 73 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to prohibit funds for enforcing the Obama Administration’s EPA methane rule; 
Mullin amendment (No. 74 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to prohibit funds for implementing the Obama Administration’s Social Cost of Carbon rule;
Polis amendment (No. 75 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to prohibit funds from being used to support the closure or consolidation of any regional office of the Environmental Protection Agency;
Polis amendment (No. 76 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to prohibit the use of funds to pursue any extralegal ways to transfer Federal lands to private owners in contravention of existing law; and
Norman amendment (No. 77 printed in H. Rept. 115–297) that seeks to reduce total appropriations to the Environmental Protection Agency by $1,869,087,000.                                                 Pages H7207–08 
H. Res. 504, the rule providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) was agreed to yesterday, September 7th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, September 11th for Morning Hour debate.
Providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 601: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and agree to S. Con. Res. 24, providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 601.
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yeaandnay vote and four recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H7196–97, H7197–98, H7198–99, H7199, and H7199–H7200. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 12:48 p.m. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, September 11 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R 2810, National Defense Authorization Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 5:30 p.m. (At approximately 3 p.m., Senate will observe a moment of silence in remembrance of the lives lost in the attacks of September 11, 2001.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, September 11 
HOUSE Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E1187 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1188 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1186, E1190 Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E1186 Hultgren, Randy, Ill., E1189 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E1187 Katko, John, N.Y., E1186 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E1188 Long, Billy, Mo., E1189 Luja´n, Ben Ray, N.M., E1185, E1190 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1188 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1189 Roby, Martha, Ala., E1187 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1185, E1186, E1187, E1189, E1190, E1191 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1187 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1186, E1190 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1188 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1185, E1191 Walden, Greg, Ore., E1190 