Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, if I were present, I would have voted no on roll call number 32 on the motion on ordering the previous question to H. Res. 40. If I were present, I would have voted no on roll call number 33 to H. Res. 40. If I were present, I would have voted yes on roll call number 34 to H.R. 39. f 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my friend Marlene Johnson Odom. She served as alderwoman on the City of Milwaukee Common Council for the sixth aldermanic district for more than 24 years. Ms. JohnsonOdom passed away on January 9, 2017. Marlene JohnsonOdom was a lifelong Milwaukee resident. She was a product of the public school system and a fellow graduate of North Division High School. Marlene received a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of WisconsinMilwaukee. Prior to becoming an elected official, Ms. JohnsonOdom worked for Milwaukee Public Schools and was TV Hostess at Channel 18, a local television station. Ms. JohnsonOdom succeeded her first husband Ben Johnson on the Common Council and was known as a quiet but effective leader. While serving on the Common Council, one of the achievements of which she was most proud was the renaming of 3rd Street to Martin Luther King Drive. Always approachable, Marlene provided outstanding service to her constituents. Ms. JohnsonOdom was always extremely involved in the community and served on numerous boards and commissions including: Milwaukee Area Technical College Board, United Way Board of Directors, Black Women’s Network and Pabst Theater Board. Ms. JohnsonOdom leaves behind 3 children: Jan Johnson Carlyle, Paula Darling and Jay Johnson, 2 grandchildren: Amber Brown and Ellis Johnson, 8 greatgrandchildren and a host of other relatives and friends to mourn her passing. She leaves a strong legacy of leadership for her children and grandchildren to model. Mr. Speaker, Marlene was my friend and a Milwaukee and Wisconsin treasure and I valued her service to the 4th Congressional District. I urge you and my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in a salute to the late Marlene JohnsonOdom. 
Routine Proceedings, pages S323–S346 Measures Introduced: Thirty bills and two resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 147–176, S.J. Res. 5, and S. Con. Res. 5.
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2017’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–1)
Measures Passed: GAO Access and Oversight Act: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 72, to ensure the Government Accountability Office has adequate access to information, and the bill was then passed by a unanimous vote of 99 yeas (Vote No. 28).
TALENT Act: Senate passed H.R. 39, to amend title 5, United States Code, to codify the Presidential Innovation Fellows Program.
Removal of Injunction of Secrecy: The injunction of secrecy was removed from the following treaties: Extradition Treaty with the Republic of Serbia (Treaty Doc. No. 115–1); and Extradition Treaty with the Republic of Kosovo (Treaty Doc. No. 115–2). The treaties were transmitted to the Senate today, considered as having been read for the first time, and referred, with accompanying papers, to the Committee on Foreign Relations and ordered to be printed.
Nominations Received: Senate received the following nominations: Gayle A. Nachtigal, of Oregon, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the State Justice Institute for a term expiring September 17, 2018. Christopher James Brummer, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for a term expiring June 19, 2021. Brian D. Quintenz, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission for a term expiring April 13, 2020. Jason E. Kearns, of Colorado, to be a Member of the United States International Trade Commission for the term expiring December 16, 2024. Todd Philip Haskell, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of the Congo. Charles R. Breyer, of California, to be a Member of the United States Sentencing Commission for a term expiring October 31, 2021. Danny C. Reeves, of Kentucky, to be a Member of the United States Sentencing Commission for a term expiring October 31, 2019.                        Page S346 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—28)
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and adjourned at 6:05 p.m., until 4 p.m. on Friday, January 20, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S346.) 
NOMINATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Ryan Zinke, of Montana, to be Secretary of the Interior, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senators Daines and Tester, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. NOMINATION Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 
nomination of Betsy DeVos, of Michigan, to be Secretary of Education, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Scott and former Senator Joe Lieberman, testified and answered questions in her own behalf. 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 7 public bills, H.R. 582–588, were introduced.
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Simpson to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution: Representative Matsui. 
John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: Representative Kennedy.
John F. Kennedy Centennial Commission—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the John F. Kennedy Centennial Commission: Representatives McCarthy and Stefanik. 
Commission on Civil Rights—Reappointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s reappointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Commission on Civil Rights for a term expiring December 15, 2022: Upon the recommendation of the Minority Leader: Mr. Michael Yaki, San Francisco, CA.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yeaandnay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and adjourned at 12:04 p.m. 
No hearings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 2017 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Wilbur L. Ross, Jr., to be Secretary of Commerce, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Scott Pruitt, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Nikki R. Haley, of South Carolina, to be the Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador, and the Representative of the United States of America in the Security Council of the United Nations, and to be Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations during her tenure of service as Representative to the United Nations, 10:10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Tom Price, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of January 18 through January 20, 2017 Senate Chamber During the balance of the week, Senate may consider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Janu ary 18, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Wilbur L. Ross, Jr., to be Secretary of Commerce, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: January 19, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Rick Perry, of Texas, to be Secretary of Energy, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4 p.m., Friday, January 20 
Program for Friday: Senate will be in a period of morning business. (At 10 a.m., Senators will meet in the Senate Chamber for the Inauguration of the President and Vice President of the United States.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Friday, January 20 
Program for Friday: Inauguration of the President and Vice President of the United States. 
HOUSE Lee, Barbara, Calif., E71 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E71 Murphy, Stephanie M., Fla., E71 