Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, it is sad to watch the Trump administration leading America in retreat, withdrawing positions of international leadership, hollowing out the State Department, crippling us for years to come. Last night, there was an example of that retreat right here on the floor of the House as our Republican friends were unable to address their plan for raising taxes for Americans in every State by restricting their ability to deduct State and local taxes. Why force millions of Americans to pay taxes on taxes? Why, Mr. Speaker, is there a proposal to destabilize insurance rates across America, leading to 10 percent premium increases year after year, and to have up to 13 million additional uninsured Americans over the course of the next 10 years? They have no answer as to why to mortgage our children’s future for greater benefits for the richest and most privileged Americans. When corporations are recording recordhigh profits and have trillions of dollars of 
profits overseas, why are we borrowing to provide more benefits to the largest corporations and wealthiest people while we are ignoring the people who visit our offices every day seeking not a sympathetic ear, but action, for example, action on the opioid crisis and the epidemic of opioid deaths claiming 64,000 Americans last year? Our former colleague, Patrick Kennedy, whose advocacy is informed by his own struggle to overcome opioid addiction, will testify today in the other body that we could easily productively spend up to $200 billion more dealing with the crisis, helping people with recovery. The Senate is proposing to increase one tenthousandth of that amount—not $200 billion, but $20 million—to deal with this crisis because we don’t have the money, yet we are borrowing $1.5 trillion to give additional tax benefits to those who need them the least. We are not being able to adequately help our veterans, whose needs are clear to anybody who visits the Veterans Administration hospital in their State, or provide investments in roads and bridges and transit or in water and sewer that would strengthen every community, make it safer and business more competitive. Good policy and effective investment is possible if we are not mortgaging our children’s future, borrowing vast sums of money to lavish more tax reductions on people who don’t need it, while ignoring the needs of people who do, who visit offices every day here on Capitol Hill. America does not have to be in retreat, claiming poverty, that we are helpless to meet the needs of the American people, if Congress finds the courage and the will to do its job. 
SANCTUARY CITIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I am rising today to talk about an issue that women are talking about every single day, and as I am home and out and about in my district, I hear this repeatedly. They will come up to me and they will say: MARSHA , I am becoming a security mom. I fear for the security of my children. I am concerned about what is happening on our streets and in our communities. Mr. Speaker, I will tell you, last week, after the verdict came down in the Kate Steinle trial, the fact that a criminal illegal alien was not found guilty, I received so many comments and calls from people saying something needs to be done about this because justice was not delivered for the life of Kate Steinle. That brings us to the issue of sanctuary cities and those policies, the very idea that some elected officials or some cities could choose to say: We will become a haven for those who are outside of Federal law—but not all Federal law, just this particular Federal law. That defies common sense. It defies reason because we are a nation of laws, a nation that abides by the rule of law, a nation of law and order—not of anarchy. Sanctuary city policies are making America less safe. On this, there should be no doubt. We have to think: What does this example set for our country? What does it say to people who abide by the law, who feel that their lives are endangered, that their security is endangered? What kind of message do sanctuary policies send to the thin blue line, people who stand to protect us every single day? I would suggest that sanctuary city policies are cracking the foundation of our democracy. It is why it is important that this body take action. I would suggest it is why it is important that we pass the CLEAR Act, legislation I have authored that would strip sanctuary cities of funding, that would require that criminal illegal aliens be deported from this country. f 
HONORING MAYOR WILLIAM V. BELL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to honor and recognize a great American, a visionary, a statesman, and a friend, Mayor William V. Bell, better known as Mayor Bill Bell. Yesterday, Mr. Speaker, my friend Bill Bell ended 16 years of distinguished service as mayor of the city of Durham, North Carolina, located in my congressional district. Mr. Speaker, Durham has always been a progressive city, a city where I attended undergraduate school and law school at North Carolina Central University. Durham has always been a progressive city, above the average, but under Bill Bell’s leadership, the city has become a thriving Southern city rivaling Charlotte and even Atlanta, Georgia. Bill Bell’s work as mayor is but part of a long tenure of service to Durham that spans more than four decades. This week, I join the entire Durham community in thanking Mayor Bill Bell for his many, many years of public service. With Mayor Bell’s retirement last evening, December 4, 2017, he leaves his office having literally transformed the Durham community. The city’s leadership has now been passed to a new mayor, Steve Schewel, who is also a friend and a visionary leader. The city of Durham, North Carolina, is in good hands. Born William V. Bell in 1941, Bill grew up in WinstonSalem, North Carolina. He received a degree in electrical engineering from Howard University here in Washington, D.C., and then went on to receive his master’s degree in electrical engineering from New York University. After graduating, Bill returned to North Carolina, where he worked as a senior engineer at IBM Corporation in Durham. Bill Bell has been a community development trailblazer not only as mayor, but as vice president and chief operating officer of United Durham Incorporated since 1996, where he used the acronym UDI. Even during his days as a young engineer, Bill Bell had a unique vision for his beloved community. This vision led to Bill’s election to the Durham County Board of Commissioners in 1972. At the time, Bill was one of two African American commissioners on the five member board. Bill Bell served on the board of county commissioners until 1994, and again from 1996 to the year 2000, even serving as its chairman from 1982 to 1994. b1015 In 2001, Mr. Speaker, Bill Bell was elected mayor of the city of Durham. He was then reelected seven—yes, that is seven—times, serving as Durham’s longest serving mayor for 16 years. Mayor Bill Bell will be remembered for leading the city of Durham toward great progress. His legacy includes heading up the transformation of downtown Durham from boardedup windows to a city which is a top destination and is now home to a variety of thriving businesses and technology startups as well as major projects, such as the Durham Performing Arts Center and the American Tobacco Campus. It is a thriving city, Mr. Speaker, and I encourage anyone to take a look at Durham and see how impressive this city is. From leading the transformation of downtown Durham to placing a renewed emphasis on even addressing gun violence in the community, Mayor Bell has always fought to improve the lives of his constituents. It has been a pleasure to work with Mayor Bell on behalf of the citizens of Durham in the first district. The Durham community is stronger thanks to Bill Bell’s leadership. He is, without a doubt, a visionary trailblazer who will go down in history having left a positive mark on his city. Yesterday, Mr. Speaker, Mayor Bill Bell turned over the office now to Mayor Steve Schewel. Mayor Schewel served on the Durham City Council since 2011, and I know he will continue to build on this legacy. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I am told that Mayor Bell’s daughters, Tiffany Bell, Anjanee Nicole Bell, and Kristen Vaughan BellHughes, are all excited about their dad’s decision to enjoy a life of retirement. I don’t believe Bill Bell is going to actually retire. I am sure he is going to spend less time in public service, but I am sure he will continue his advocacy in some significant way. While Bill Bell is deserving of far greater accolades than I have just recited over the last few minutes, I ask 
my colleagues today to join me in recognizing this great American, Bill Bell. On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, the residents of Durham, North Carolina, and the people of the First Congressional District, I express my sincere appreciation for Mayor Bill Bell’s elective service, his dedicated service, and I wish him nothing but my best wishes in the months and years to come. I thank Bill Bell for his leadership. 
SEXUAL ASSAULT ON UNIVERSITY CAMPUS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, when teenagers select universities to attend, they assume that their school will protect and take care of them if something horrible occurs. Hannah was no different when she decided to attend Howard University in 2006. But on a Friday night of her sophomore year, she realized how deeply misplaced her trust in the school was. On that night, Hannah and her friends went to a fellow student’s house party. It was a typical college evening filled with dancing and laughter, but it wasn’t until the party began to wind down that Hannah’s friends noticed she was missing. Hannah was always very safety conscious and never wandered off alone, so her friends were immediately worried and began frantically looking for her in the house. They called her name and searched the entire first floor. Hannah was nowhere to be found. They tried to go upstairs to search the second floor, but a man grabbed them and forced them down the stairs. He said that nobody was allowed to go upstairs. Hannah’s friends argued with him. They screamed her name and threatened to call the police. Just as the situation was escalating, Hannah appeared at the top of the stairs. She was a mess. She was confused, and she was barely able to walk or to speak. The girls took Hannah by the arms and immediately left the house. Something really awful had happened to her, so they rushed her to the Howard University emergency room. Mr. Speaker, here is where the university system completely failed her. When the doctor finally came to see Hannah, he told her she was too drunk and she should go home and just sleep it all off. The friends begged the doctor to give her a rape kit, but he just refused and sent them away. This is malpractice, Mr. Speaker. Rape kits can provide critically important evidence in sexual assault cases, especially cases where the victim has been drugged. When Hannah woke up the next morning, she was in so much pain she could barely walk, so she called the police and returned to the university emergency room for a rape kit. But because Hannah couldn’t remember exactly what happened and who her assailant was, the police and the hospital staff again refused to conduct a rape kit. Mr. Speaker, the purpose of a rape kit is to find out who the assailant was. Desperate and denied any assistance from her own university, Hannah still reached out for help. She went to George Washington University Hospital, but they told her that, since she was denied a rape kit at Howard University, she was not allowed to get one at this hospital. Hannah sought help and was rejected at every turn. This is tragic, Mr. Speaker. Most of us have kids. A lot of them go to universities—all four of mine did; three of them are girls—and we expect universities to do something to protect those students when a crime is committed against them. The doctors and medical staff at both university hospitals were apparently not trained to deal with traumatized rape victims, and they were clearly ignorant of how important forensic evidence is after an assault. So to ensure this doesn’t happen to more victims, I have introduced legislation that would require a university to provide access to a nurse or a doctor who is properly trained to provide medical care for trauma rape victims or have a plan in place to quickly get a victim to a nearby hospital. Universities must have a plan in place or have access to a staffer. This bill is named the Megan Rondini Act in honor of another college rape victim from Texas, who was at the University of Alabama. She was denied proper postrape treatment at a hospital. Eventually, she took her own life because of the fact that no one paid attention to her. This bill will ensure victims can access the care they need. Having a SAFE, sexual assault forensic examiner, or a SANE, sexual assault nurse examiner, for rape victims at universities ensures that rape kits are properly examined and collected. Universities not only need to have access to a SAFE, but they need to have a victim advocate trained in sexual assault on campus, and all rape kits from students and nonstudents must be quickly analyzed so that the offender can be determined. Mr. Speaker, there are thousands of rape kits all over the country sitting on police shelves that just haven’t been examined. This is awful. Hannah was denied justice because of incompetence. Victims are people, too, Mr. Speaker, and schools, especially, should be prepared to deal with sexual assault victims; otherwise, there will be more victims like Hannah. And that is just the way it is. 
RECOGNIZING CONWELLEGAN CATHOLIC HIGH SCHOOL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize ConwellEgan Catholic High School and the $5 million contribution they received to help educate the next generation of students in Bucks County. This gift, in recognition of the school’s continued success, was donated by a 1972 graduate who wanted to thank his teachers for all they did to help shape his life. The benefactor, Mr. Tom Lynch, said he gave the gift because ‘‘anything is possible when you get a good education.’’ This quote rings true in the ears of every American. The opportunity to learn from a young age is a critical experience. Continued support for our teachers and our schools is of the utmost importance. With this donation, ConwellEgan plans to set a significant amount aside for scholarships and tuition assistance for families in need in our area. Generous contributions like these allow our educational institutions to grow and to offer greater support to our communities. I congratulate ConwellEgan, and we all thank Mr. Lynch for supporting such a great institution. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the players, coaches, and staff of the Palisades High School football team and to congratulate them on an incredible season. With their consistent displays of grit and tenacity, the Palisades Pirates should be proud of what they accomplished: a 13– 1 season and the best record in Palisades football history. Although their season ended with a tough loss in the playoffs, the Palisades Pirates football team should hold their heads high. They have worked hard, and they have made their community proud. To the fans, friends, and families who have supported Palisades, we offer our congratulations. To all those who work with and support organized youth sports in our district, we offer our thanks. To the young student athletes on the Palisades football team, I say: Well done. I hope that you take the lessons of cooperation and determination that you have learned on the field with you when you step off the field. Our community is very proud of you. 
INNOVATION IN MINNESOTA’S SIXTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the 2017 recipients of the Greater St. Cloud Development Corporation Innovation Award. These four recipients received their awards for their ability to incorporate new and inventive ideas into their field. I want to first congratulate Mighty Axe Hops in Foley for receiving the 
ForProfit Emerging Company Award, which highlights their contributions to the hop industry and their efforts to develop an experimental hop yard. Cybermation of Waite Park received the ForProfit Established Company Award for decades of work in digital healthcare technology for seniors. Cybermation has been innovating since 1996. I also want to recognize the Talahi Community School for receiving the Nonprofit Organization Award for the school’s commitment to building Minnesota’s premier adaptive playground in St. Cloud. Finally, I want to recognize Jugaad for also receiving a Nonprofit Organization Award for their Jugaad Leadership Program in St. Cloud that trains members of underrepresented communities with the knowledge and skills to produce grassroots change. Again, congratulations to all of this year’s award winners. I thank them for their innovation and contribution to our communities. 
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Capital One and its executive team and employees for their generosity and their commitment to the local communities they serve. Capital One has generously contributed to the Boys and Girls Club of Central Minnesota to support the organization’s mission to enable young people to reach their full potential. Capital One’s $15,000 grant to fund Project Learn helps advance a focus on equipping kids with coding skills to meet the needs of the future. STEM and techrelated skills are important to the future of our Nation, and Capital One is making a significant investment in our future leaders. Since 2012, Capital One has donated over $80,000 to the Boys and Girls Club of Central Minnesota. Again, I want to thank Capital One for their commitment to the young people of central Minnesota. We are blessed to have them and their team in our community and in the great State of Minnesota. 
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate an amazing constituent of mine for his talent and perseverance. From 2003 to 2008, Mick Schultz from Kimball, Minnesota, was a professional snowmobile racer. In 2008, while competing at a national snocross race, Mike was in a snowmobile accident that resulted in the loss of his left leg. After such a devastating experience, no one would have thought less of Mike if he stopped competing, but Mike Schultz did not give up. Instead, he was racing again at the national level in less than 8 months. Over the past 10 years, Mike has earned eight gold medals at the X Games in adaptive motocross. Mike would not allow his accident to keep him from sharing his talent and spirit with the world. Mike’s talent, however, is not limited to racing snowmobiles. In 2010, Mike began snowboarding as research for his company, BioDapt, which develops prosthetic equipment for athletes. This led him to compete as a member of the U.S. Snowboarding team. He is now in his fourth season. As if all of his other accomplishments are not enough, Mike is now a Kellogg’s cereal celebrity. Over the years, immensely talented athletes have graced boxes of Frosted Flakes, and we are proud that this year Mike joins the ranks. I am honored to congratulate Mike on all of his incredible accomplishments and his recognition by Kellogg’s. Mike is proof of what a person can accomplish when he confronts life’s challenges headon. Mike is a winner and an example to us all. We are proud and honored that he is a member of our community. f 
IMPEACHMENT DISCUSSIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am always grateful to have this preeminent privilege of standing in the well of the Congress of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to announce that three prominent Democrats have asked to meet with me to discuss impeachment. b1030 Mr. Speaker, I will meet with them in my office, and here is what I will say: I will tell them that impeachment is not about Democrats. It is not about Republicans. I will tell them it is about democracy. It is about government of the people, by the people, for the people. I will tell them that it is about the Republic and that it is about what Franklin said: We have a Republic, if we can keep it. I will tell them that I refuse to sit on the sidelines while the world is considering one of the greatest issues of our time. I will tell them that I will continue to be a part of this great debate. I will tell them these words I have heard, but I do not know the origin of. I will tell them that if a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music he hears, however measured, however far away. Mr. Speaker, I will tell them that tomorrow we will bring Articles of Impeachment to the floor of the Congress of the United States of America for a vote. 
NATIONAL MINERS DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate National Miners Day. National Miners Day is recognized on December 6 each year, and I want to express my deep appreciation to the hundreds of thousands of men and women who work in our Nation’s quarries, dredge operations, and other mine facilities to help build and power our Nation. These workers do a great deal to extract the materials found in every home, building, road, bridge, and public works project. U.S. domestic production and use of stone, sand, and gravel, or aggregates, amounted to 2.5 million tons of crushed stone, valued at $25 billion. The U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration has reported that, throughout its 40 facilities, almost 3,000 people in my home State of Alabama owe their jobs to aggregates mining. While performing this critical function, workers in the aggregates sector have helped make workplaces the safest they have ever been. In fact, 2016 marked the 16th consecutive year in which the industry reduced its injury rate from the yearearlier level. The rate stood at the record low level of just 1.95 injuries per 200,000 hours worked. I applaud the safe practices of the aggregates industry and the hardworking men and women who are helping to continue this positive trend. As chairman of the House Workforce Protections Subcommittee, I look forward to continuing to work with the Labor Department’s Mine Safety and Health Administration to advance smart regulation and preventive enforcement that can help keep the workplace safe. HONORING THE LIFE OF DR . LAUREL BLACKWELL  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Dr. Laurel Blackwell. Laurel recently passed away after fighting cancer and other medical issues. Laurel was raised at her childhood farm home in Monticello, Iowa. She obtained an associate’s degree from Cottey College in Missouri and a bachelor’s degree from the University of Northern Iowa. She later earned her doctorate in administration of higher education from the University of Alabama. After an early career in K–12 education, she started working in Alabama’s community college system. She rose from serving as a tutor to becoming the director of adult education at Wallace Community College in Dothan, Alabama, and the director of workforce development at Southern Union Community College in Opelika, Alabama. Ultimately, she would become the president of Chattahoochee Valley Community College in Phenix City, Alabama. During my time as chancellor of Alabama’s community college system, I grew to know Laurel as a very professional and dependable colleague. I appreciated her honest and direct approach to the issues we faced together. During her career, she held numerous roles in professional and civic organizations. She was recognized with a Girl 
Scout Woman of Achievement award and as the city of Dothan’s first ever Community Leader of the Year. Even though she retired from education, she never stopped working to make the world a better place. She launched Communities of Transformation, a program through the United Methodist Church focused on bringing together people from every segment of society to elevate families. Suffice it to say, Laurel had a positive impact on so many lives throughout her time on this Earth. Whether it was helping a student at her community college reach their full potential or giving hope to a struggling family, so many people owe their success to Laurel Blackwell. So, on behalf of Alabama’s First Congressional District, I want to share my deepest condolences to Laurel’s husband, Fred, and their four children. I hope they can all take comfort in knowing that Laurel will live on in the lives of the countless individuals she touched. She will be sorely missed. 
TRIBUTE TO MARINE MAJOR ERIC BURKETT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of one of my constituents, United States Marine Major Eric Burkett, from New Castle, Pennsylvania. Major Burkett was deployed as a member of the 24th Expeditionary Force in Morocco as an Osprey pilot. On April 11, 2012, he was nearly killed in a plane crash, which took the lives of two of his brothersinarms. After coming home to Walter Reed, he lost one of his legs and continues to recover from his numerous injuries to this day. His wife, Melissa, who also is a former marine, has been by his side from day 1, along with their loving six children. Major Burkett may never fly again, but already with his recovery he soars high above most of us. It was his spirit of service and patriotism that led him to start a program at Fort Belvoir for adaptive archery for his fellow wounded warriors. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a poem penned by Albert Carey Caswell in his honor and in celebration of his new adaptive home, built thanks to the Gary Sinise Foundation. At this time, I will read an excerpt from this poem: 
As his two brothers, angels now up to Heaven would rise . . . Coming back home with only his family upon which to rely . . . So all by his side . . . His fine wife, Melissa, and children giving him the strength to try . . . As he knew it was time . . . Time to rebuild his life . . . Armed with his heart of the strength and iron will . . . Giving him the power and courage to nourish him to instill . . . The strength to rebuild . . . Who against all odds our wounded warriors into that dark night move onward still ...  Mr. Speaker, it is people like Major Burkett, whom we celebrate. It is the people who put themselves in danger and harm’s way in order to protect the rest of us. I am so proud and humble today to be able to submit this poem in honor of Major Burkett. 
OSPREY DECORPS  (By Albert Carey Caswell) Osprey Osprey De Corps What a magnificent presence oh for sure And oh what a Osprey De Force As straight as an arrow heading for Truer than true into that face of war To serve and protect His Country Tis of Thee he’ll not neglect To reek havoc upon the enemy a shear train wreck All in those magnificent shades of green Such Strength In Honor seen Soaring to new his courage convenes With such impact this United States Marine. Oh to be a United States Marine Who in Strength In Honor are seen Soaring to new heights to intervene To fight the fight What a Osprey De Force awesome sight Who for all us out on his course took flight Marines with wings, one of the most impressive of all things A sheer work of art this human being Swooping down upon the enemy for the Nation he so loves A bulls eye, hitting his mark all in his battle cry To vanquish an enemy straight into the heart of he flies Going from vertical to horizontal as he will not be denied In and out of places others dare not to try Making those boots on the ground realize That he’s got their backs up on high Who bleeds Marine green all the time And loves Marines so much he married a Marine this guy One of the baddest of the bad upon which this Nation relies Who leads with his heart as he sets his sights on high Finding his mark An Osprey De Corps all in his part Oh what a force All out on his most heroic course A United States Marine burning bright, this force When, out on a mission crashed as death was at his side As his two brothers, angels now up to Heaven would rise Coming back home with only his family upon which to rely So all by his side His fine wife Melissa and children giving him the strength to try As he knew it was time Time to rebuild his life Armed with his heart of the strength and iron will Giving him the power and courage to nourish him to instill The strength to rebuild Who against all odds our wounded warriors into that dark night move onward still As he won the battle but lose his leg Realizing he’d never fly again on that day When, he looked at his target and then his options weighted So setting his sights high out on his way A Osprey De Corps on his way to recovery with tear in eye seemed as he prayed Bulls eye hitting the mark As soon he was up and out the door Leaving behind a town called pity for sure When, to new heights his heart so soared To Teach Us To Reach Us To Beseech Us All The More Creating his own Hunger Games, with his great appetite for recovery he hungered for And the last time I saw Major Burkett, I had to look up Because, with his fine heart way above me he so soars His wife Melissa he married up for sure With four beautiful children he’s thinks he is the luckiest guy and can’t ask for more Because, the families are the unsung heroes whenever Johnny goes off to war Who are the ones who must wait and worry all the more And when they come home give them such comfort for their recovery to insure And where would all these heroes be if it were not but for all of these? The families are our unsung heroes each day our Lord so sees Leading the way to recovery Major Burkett all in those shades of green Is one magnificent Osprey De Force seen The pride of Pennsylvania for what he’s done and where he’s been Its courageous men like him off to war our Nation sends Who help win all those wars upon whom we depend For all that we hold sacred and so love and adore A one fine Osprey De Corps Ooo Rah! f 
STRENGTHENING AMERICA’S AGRICULTURE COMMUNITIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent a rural district in west Texas that is home to 14 million acres of farmland and thousands of hardworking farmers and ranchers. These men and women are feeding and clothing the American people. They are bolstering our economy and they are strengthening our national security. As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, I am committed to delivering results that are in the best interest not only of west Texans, but all Americans. I am doing that with my neighbor and strong leader of the Ag Committee, MIKECONAWAY . As we craft the next farm bill, there are a few priorities that, if achieved, will put our United States farmers and ranchers, and our country as a whole, in the strongest competitive position. The first is that we must maintain America’s food and fiber independence from other countries, which, like energy independence, is a national security imperative. To achieve this objective, we must maintain a viable and responsible safety net for all commodities, which means the committee must work in a bipartisan way to get cotton back in under title I of the farm bill. We can never again let the World Trade Organization dictate agriculture policy to the United States. 
Addressing the gaping hole in the current agriculture safety net for cotton and fixing other shortfalls and risk management for both crops and livestock will ensure a strong, viable agriculture sector for the United States and rural America. Ultimately, we must maintain appropriate programs to mitigate against unforeseen global market changes and commodity prices, ensure against adverse weather events, and maintain access to credit so farmers across the country can continue to supply America with abundant and affordable sources of food. Additionally, as Texas is the top cattleproducing State in the Nation and represents $80 billion in annual cash receipts nationwide, maintaining key livestock disaster programs are equally important to a responsible and effective safety net for our ag producers. Second, our rural communities need greater access to broadband communications to be viable in the modern era. Increasing access to broadband is fundamental to the survival of rural America. It is necessary to support critical infrastructure, such as healthcare and education, and for overall economic sustainability so that we can finally close the digital divide between rural and urban America. Let me put it to you this way: no rural America; no food, fuel, and fiber for the American people. Third, we need another generation of farmers and ranchers. The American agriculturist is facing tough times. The average age of a farmer is nearly 60 and the number of people involved in ag production in their thirties and forties continues to decrease dramatically, with less than 1 percent of the American population involved in ag production. The math doesn’t look promising. Operating expenses continue to rise and farmers, particularly the young ones, have less equity to finance their operations. Farmers of all ages need a dependable and flexible operating loan structure with loan amounts that are useful. We must work to ensure that the USDA has the flexibility it needs to extend credit in the most meaningful way. Fourth, innovation makes it possible for the farmer and rancher to continue to operate. Ensuring adequate and equitable research funding for agriculture colleges across the country is key. Let’s not just pour all of our money into landgrant institutions just because they are landgrant institutions. Let’s fund the best ideas. It is call meritocracy. That is what our country was founded on. As former vice chancellor of research at Texas Tech University, I saw some of the best and most innovative ideas spawned from research go to market and make a difference for our economy and the quality of our lives. Lastly, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program needs a more focused accountability. As we craft the next farm bill, we should continue to monitor the effectiveness of all programs, especially SNAP, which accounts for 80 percent of all spending in the farm bill. While the intent is wellmeaning, the unintended consequence is an increase of recipients who are workcapable adults without dependents, accounting for nearly 30 percent of all recipients. It is imperative to require that able bodied adults work in order to receive government assistance not just in SNAP, but all government programs. Mr. Speaker, in closing, our farmers and ranchers are central to the vitality and security of this great Nation. This legislation is extremely critical to the success of our farmers. By including the priorities I have outlined today in the next farm bill, we can ensure a safer, stronger, freer America for our children. 
TAX REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR) for 5 minutes. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of efforts to simplify our outdated and overly complex Tax Code in order to make our economy more competitive and to provide big tax cuts to hardworking American families. Last night, the House voted to go to conference with the Senate to work out differences between our two versions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I am confident the conference committee will report a reconciled bill capable of passing both Chambers, because the American people need and deserve tax relief. Make no mistake: no matter what the tired talking points are on the other side of the aisle, this legislation will be a tremendous benefit to middle and lowerincome Americans who have been hit hardest by the policies of the previous administration. This is a massive victory for low and middleincome Americans. But don’t just take it from me. Let’s review the facts. The House bill takes the lowest 10 percent tax bracket to zero, and it doubles the standard deduction, meaning hardworking Americans can immediately take home more of their paychecks. Specifically, the first $24,000 of family income will be completely tax free under this plan. We are nearly doubling the child tax credit. The changes to all tax brackets means we are lowering taxes for low and middleincome taxpayers even as we simplify the Tax Code and broaden the base. b1045 A study by the nonpartisan Tax Foundation found that, in Kentucky, this legislation will create 11,782 new fulltime jobs and will increase take home pay by $1,724 by Kentucky households making the median income. Not only will middleincome families be able to keep more of their paychecks, their paychecks will grow. A letter signed by 137 economists last week, sent to all Members of the House and Senate, made the case that ‘‘a competitive corporate rate is the key to an economic engine driven by greater investment, capital stock, business formation, and productivity—all of which will yield more jobs and higher wages.’’ That is why these economists are urging us to make the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act law. They note that our current corporate tax rate of 35 percent, which is the highest in the industrialized world, has made America noncompetitive, resulting in the loss of 4,700 companies to overseas competitors since 2004, lost jobs, and lost wages. This analysis is confirmed by the Tax Foundation, which concludes that approximately 74 percent of corporate taxes are paid by workers in the form of lower wages. Let’s give American workers a pay raise. Reducing the corporate tax rate will ignite economic growth, allow jobs to return from overseas, increase new private sector jobs through greater investment, and increase paychecks. A winwinwinwin for middle class workers and those looking to get ahead. Now, the ultimate irony is that if you actually wanted to help the wealthy and the wellconnected, then you would vote against tax reform and you would keep the current Tax Code in place. It is a complicated mess of multiple brackets, high rates, and special interest loopholes. The Code is a haven for special interests, tax manipulators, and the wellconnected. It is an impossible frustration for ordinary middle class Americans who need to comply with the Code to hire tax lawyers and accountants. So if you want to help the middle class, get rid of this complicated mess. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to respond to my friends on the other side of the aisle who after more than doubling the national debt during the Obama administration and who continue to push massive unpaid increases in spending, such as singlepayer healthcare—governmentrun healthcare—have suddenly become gravely concerned about our national deficit and debt. Now, let me be clear: I welcome this epiphany. I welcome their change of heart. I hope we can work together to actually address the true cost drivers of our deficit and debt. But last year, the Federal Government took in $3.3 trillion in revenue. Our deficits are not the result of too little revenue. They are the result of Members of Congress who are unwilling to force the government to live within its means. We will never balance the budget or even think about paying down our debt without robust economic growth. Those on the other side assume that a $1.5 trillion tax cut will increase the debt by $1.5 trillion. But that is based on the absurd assumption that nobody changes behavior when you get a tax 
cut. It is based on the assumption that the economy is fixed. They are wrong because they don’t account for the extra revenue that tax reform will generate by creating more taxpayers and higher paychecks. As was noted by an analysis by the American Enterprise Institute and U.S. Policy Metrics: ‘‘If the economy grows an average of 2.6 percent, the Republican tax reform bill would not raise the deficit. If the economy grows faster than 2.6 percent, the deficit would actually fall.’’ It should be noted that in the last two consecutive quarters, the U.S. economy has grown at an annual rate of 3 percent or more. That is, in part, due to the increased confidence by businesses, consumers, investors, and entrepreneurs that we will indeed make good on our promise to complete tax reform this year. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues concerned about the deficit and the debt to join me in supporting the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act when this bill returns to the House floor so that we can ignite economic growth, create new jobs, and give American workers the pay increase that they deserve. Mr. Speaker, it is their money. Let’s give it back to them. 
RECOGNIZING STEVE HOGG The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, December is a special month. We celebrate the birth of Christ, but we are also celebrating a church in Rock Hill, South Carolina, that has done amazing things. It is a 30year celebration for the First Baptist Church in Rock Hill, South Carolina. It is also celebrating a pastor that has stood the test of time. He has done amazing things at this church. Let me tell you what has occurred over the past 30 years. The church relocated in April 2004 to an 84,000squarefoot facility. It was 52 acres of land. Mr. Speaker, I can tell you, when the First Baptist Church made that move, the land out there was a forest. You didn’t see the shopping centers, you didn’t see the fast food, you didn’t see the service stations and the clothing stores that are there now. They took a chance on faith. I remember when the board took that vote, it wasn’t a simple majority. They had to have an 80 percentplus in agreement of the board to locate there. If that is not democracy, I don’t know what is. The budget was $490,000. It increased $2,637,800. They have had over 1,500 baptisms. They sponsored the first African American congregation for membership in the York Baptist Association in 1994. They sponsored a second African American congregation for membership in the York Baptist Association in 2017. Let me tell you about Pastor Hogg. Pastor Hogg was born on January 14, 1958. He was born in Roxana, Kentucky. He was baptized and ordained in the First Baptist Church of Whitesburg, Kentucky. He has been pastor of the Bethel Baptist Church. He has been pastor of the Colson Baptist Mission. He has been the summer missionary at the First Baptist Church. And he has been the bus minister at the First Baptist Church in Kentucky. Some of the honors and offices that he has devoted his time and talent to have been the South Carolina Baptist Convention, where he was president from 1993 to 1994. He was president of the Pastor’s Conference. He was chairman of the United Christian Baccalaureate Planning Committee. He was on the Billy Graham Carolinas Crusade Executive Committee. He was a charter member of the city of Rock Hill No Room for Racism Committee. Some of the new things he has started while at First Baptist Church in Rock Hill were the contemporary worship service, deaf ministry, women and men’s ministries, television broadcasts of morning worship services, live streaming of worship services, Sunbeams Day School, and conducted eight capital fund campaigns. Mr. Speaker, I could go on and on, but these 30 years are something to remember. It is something that ought to be a milestone for the church—and it is. If anybody has stood the test of time, it has been Steve Hogg and the First Baptist Church, and I commend the congregation. It is a great day for our State and it is a great day for America. God bless America. 
CUBA AND BOLIVIA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BARR). The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago, a human rights activist in my native homeland of Cuba, Jorge Luis Garcia Perez, better known as Antunez, was detained in Cuba on his way to the airport. Antunez was going to speak at an event hosted by Freedom House and Justice Cuba, right here in D.C., to educate the public on the brutal realities of what continues to occur every day in Cuba. But, instead, Rau´l Castro sent his thugs to detain Antunez and prevent him from boarding the plane. The regime promised Antunez that he could travel if he only ‘‘tempered his activism.’’ Mr. Speaker, anyone who knows Antunez, who spent many a year in Castro’s jails, knows that he will not abandon his principles, nor should he ever be forced to do so. As Antunez always says, ‘‘Ni me callo, ni me voy,’’ which means, ‘‘I won’t stay silent and I won’t leave.’’ He is talking about his activism in Cuba. Mr. Speaker, the Castro regime wants to paint a picture that people on the island are free, that human rights abuses do not exist in Cuba, but we know better. That is why there continues to be, every day, arbitrary arrests and beatings to stop dissidents and activists from speaking out—that is the menu every day—reminding the world that what these activists want is freedom. That is really what transpires in Castro’s Cuba for dissidents. Our message to those brave fighters for freedom in Cuba must be that we are listening to their plight, that we will stand with them in opposing Castro’s evil rule, and that we have not forgotten about them or their continued fight for freedom and democracy. So I urge this administration to continue to undo the damage done by the previous administration and their failed policy toward Cuba. I urge the administration to offer unequivocal support for the brave Cuban people, like Antunez. They deserve our unwavering support, and they deserve our solidarity so that the people of Cuba achieve what they have been seeking for decades, and it is simple, Mr. Speaker: freedom, democracy, respect for human rights, respect for the rule of law, free and open markets, and liberty from communism. Mr. Speaker, in Cuba, Venezuela, and Nicaragua, leftist dictators refuse to follow the rule of law, circumventing or ignoring completely their constitutions in order to maintain their hold in power. This practice has now spread to Bolivia, where strongman Evo Morales is taking a page from this playbook. Less than 2 years ago, in 2016, Morales imposed a constitutional referendum to eliminate term limits for Presidents so that he could run for a third term. But what happened in Bolivia? The majority of the people said no. They went to the ballot box and they rejected this by a vote through a referendum. What did Morales do? He went to the court system that he has already rigged in his favor to seek the outcome that he desired. And, sure enough, his spineless cronies granted him his wish and approved his illegitimate run for a fourth term, agreeing that it was his human right—the only right, apparently, that is respected in Bolivia—to run for another term, ignoring completely the human rights of millions who voted to uphold their laws under their constitution. The court’s decision last week to lift constitutional limits on reelection should be disturbing to all of us and should serve as a wakeup call throughout the hemisphere. If we don’t pay attention to Bolivia, it will soon become another Cuba or another Venezuela— failed states. The decision to allow Morales to run for yet another term further erodes the democratic institutions in that country. Sadly, this was not the first time that Morales or his thugs have chipped 
away at Bolivia’s democratic foundations in order to remain in power. In 2013, the constitutional court allowed him to run for a third term, stating that his first term didn’t count—do over, mulligan—because it occurred before the 2009 constitution took effect. What a farce. This was obviously a cynical, political ploy, and should have served as the harbinger of worse things to come for Bolivia, and indeed it was, not to mention the ruling falls outside of the court’s mandate to interpret and evaluate compliance with the constitution. Responsible nations in our hemisphere, Mr. Speaker, must not remain silent, nor should this esteemed body. We must speak out in the support of the people of Bolivia to democratically elect their next leader. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of the Bolivian people before there is another crisis of democracy right in our hemisphere. 
RETIREMENT OF DEAN OF THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, a few minutes ago, in Detroit, the dean of the United States Congress offered his retirement immediately. He has asked me, a member of the Judiciary Committee, to offer his words to his colleagues and to put his statement in the RECORD that indicates that he has notified Speaker RYAN, Leader P ELOSI , and Governor Snyder of his retirement from the United States House of Representatives. It is important to note, as I begin, that there is no difference or no undermining of the rights of women and the abhorrence of sexual harassment and sexual assault. But this is a statement that I believe should be read on behalf of the dean of the United States Congress, Mr. JOHNCONYERS . b1100 As a Member of Congress, I have known Mr. CONYERS to not shy away from a legislative challenge. In addition to being the first Member to introduce the Martin Luther King holiday bill, he was the first to hold hearings on police misconduct, the first to examine the problem of solitary confinement, the first to offer racial profiling legislation, the first to introduce legislation protecting against disenfranchisement of exfelons, and the first to pursue legislation protecting Black farmers from discrimination, among many other civil rights measures. In 2007, Representative CONYERS  stood up for the prerogatives of the House of Representatives and successfully brought a suit against the former President Bush White House for failing to comply with subpoenas relating to a U.S. attorney’s investigation. He has been the chairman of the Judiciary Committee; and he will continue to, in his life, as he has indicated, stand for what is right. It is now my privilege to read this statement from Mr. JOHN CONYERS . I reiterate that he says that he notified Speaker RYAN, Leader P ELOSI , and Governor Snyder of his retirement from the United States House of Representatives. It was his honor—these are his words—and his privilege to serve the constituents of Detroit, Michigan, as their United States Congressman in the 13th and 14th Congressional District for 53 years. This is his statement again: 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Once again we come to ask wisdom, patience, peace, and understanding for the Members of this people’s House. Give them the generosity of heart and the courage of true leadership to work toward a common solution to the many issues facing our Nation. As true statesmen and women, may they find the fortitude to make judgments that benefit all Americans in their time of need. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) come forward 
and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. HURD led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today against the Trump administration rule allowing corporations to decide whether their employees can access birth control. This morning, 500,000 comments were delivered in opposition to this rule. It is astonishing to me that we are having this debate in 2017: women’s access to birth control. Birth control is not healthcare alone. It is the right of women to control their own bodies, plan their own families, and chart their own futures. Obstetricians and gynecologists from Chicago submitted a comment, saying: ‘‘Women who are able to control when and how they become pregnant are able to finish school, pursue graduate degrees, and further the greater social and economic good of our Nation.’’ Mr. Speaker, for 99 percent of women of reproductive age, birth control is an essential part of their lives. This is a direct attack on women, and we will not stand for it. Women in America are watching. f 
TEXAS OFFICER DOWN: SAN MARCOS POLICE OFFICER KENNETH COPELAND (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, yesterday afternoon, 58yearold San Marcos, Texas, Police Officer Kenneth Copeland was shot in an ambushstyle attack while he was serving an arrest warrant for a violent crime. The 19year veteran of the force was working on his day off doing what he loved: protecting and serving the community. This wasn’t unusual for Officer Copeland. A father of four, he worked just about every day simply to provide for his family and help the shorthanded department out. As guns blazed around them, fellow officers sprang into action loading Copeland into a patrol car and rushed him to the hospital with their sirens blazing. But it was too late. Another member of the thin blue line murdered simply because he wore the badge. Mr. Speaker, this is the sixth peace officer in Texas murdered this year, the first in San Marcos history. We must do everything in our power to stand by our men and women in uniform who wear the badge. Peace officers like Copeland are the last strand of wire in the fence between the law and the outlaws. We mourn his sacrifice, but we thank the good Lord that such a man as Officer Copeland ever lived. And that is just the way it is. 
WELCOMING USS ‘‘LITTLE ROCK’’ TO BUFFALO, NEW YORK (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize and welcome the newly constructed naval ship, the USS Little Rock, to my home city of Buffalo, New York, where it will be docked until its formal commissioning on December 16. For the first time in the history of the United States Navy, the commissioning of the new USS Little Rock will take place alongside the original USS Little Rock, which served during the Second World War and for the last 40 years has stood tall as an honored exhibit at the Buffalo and Erie County Naval & Military Park. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this moment to thank the brave men and women of the United States Navy and crew of the USS Little Rock, past and present, for their service. On behalf of Buffalo and western New York, it is an honor and a privilege to serve as the site from which the USS Little Rock will embark on its next mission. This new vessel will make a formidable addition to the United States Navy fleet, and its dedicated crew, tasked with protecting our Nation’s coasts and waterways, will ensure the ship lives up to its motto: ‘‘Back with a Vengeance.’’ 
ROHINGYA CRISIS (Mr. HURD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, many decades ago, we swore it wouldn’t happen again, yet it happened in Rwanda in 1990, in Bosnia in 1995, Darfur in 2003, and it is happening right now in Burma. The word is ‘‘genocide.’’ It is unclear how many Rohingya men, women, and children have been lost to violent beatings, arson, and indiscriminate firings because the government is refusing access to human rights investigators. What we do know is that, since August, over 600,000 Rohingya civilians have fled to neighboring Bangladesh to escape systematic persecution, mass rape, killings, and disappearances committed by the Burmese military. These are crimes against humanity and the very definition of ethnic cleansing. There is no place for genocide in 2017. The international community needs to increase the humanitarian access to Rohingya. In addition, we must consider the crisis from a national security perspective. Not only are the squalid refugee camps teeming with contamination and disease, but the mass exodus and horrible conditions are a breeding ground for terrorist recruitment. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the resolution. 
CONCEALED CARRY RECIPROCITY (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, this year we are again experiencing terrible gun violence that destroys lives, tears apart families, devastates communities, and is leaving a stain on our Nation. Sadly, after thousands of senseless deaths, after Sandy Hook, after the Pulse nightclub, after Las Vegas, and after so many more, this body has taken no action, just the now tragically routine moments of silence and then back to business as usual. But this week Congress will, in fact, take action, action making it easier for dangerous people to carry concealed guns throughout the country. It is inconceivable to me that this bill is what comes to the floor from the debate about gun safety. Concealed carry reciprocity allows people from States with the loosest safety standards or no safety standards at all to carry a firearm across the country irrespective of local laws. I will give one example. In my State of Illinois, people who have two DUIs within 5 years cannot get a concealed carry permit. But this bill would override our State law, rendering our and every other State legislature virtually helpless to protect their own citizens. I rise today in strong opposition to the reckless and dangerous concealed carry reciprocity bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. f 
SUPPORTING CONCEALED CARRY RECIPROCITY ACT (Mr. MARCHANT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act. The constitutional rights of lawabiding gun owners in my north Texas district do not end when they cross State lines. The Second Amendment protects the right of my constituents—and of all Texans and people throughout our country—to keep and bear arms. This week the House will vote on legislation allowing gun owners with a Stateissued concealed carry license to freely travel between State lines. Many States already acknowledge the concealed carry permit of another State. The Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act simply ensures the rights of private citizens be upheld regardless of the State that they are in. I cosponsored this legislation, and I will continue to stand up for it. I urge the passage of this bill that will protect our constitutional rights. 
b1215 NEW RULE (Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to suggest a new rule. All my life, I have heard the Republican Party preach family values and fiscal discipline, but in the course of a single week, Mr. Speaker, we have seen the Republican Party in this House vote to add more than $1 trillion of new debt because tax cuts for rich people matter more. We have seen the Republican President and the Republican Party in the Senate choose to support a credibly accused pedophile because power matters more. So, I will tell you what, Mr. Speaker, new rule: After today, the Republican Party can choose to support massive new debts and politicians who abuse kids, but it cannot lecture the rest of us about it. The rest of us have listened to our last lecture from Republicans about family values or fiscal discipline. From now on, that party has no credibility on either issue. So I will tell you what. When it comes to family values or fiscal responsibility, please keep it to yourselves. We have heard enough of it. f 
SUE STIVERS DAY (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Ms. Sue Stivers of Columbia in the First District of Kentucky. Heralded as the ‘‘matriarch of Adair County,’’ Sue has been an outstanding contributor to the livability and prosperity of her hometown. Her extensive involvement in working to better her fellow citizens’ lives through her decades of experience with the Cooperative Extension Service is a testament to her steadfast dedication to a life of serving others. She has not only helped local businesses to thrive during her tenure as executive director of the Columbia Adair County Chamber of Commerce, but has also been extensively involved in one of the main components of life in Columbia, Kentucky: Lindsey Wilson College. An honorary alumnus and a long time member of the board of trustees, Sue has continually pursued means of giving back to her community and, as a result of her positions, has had an influence on individuals from across the Commonwealth, country, and globe. I am honored to recognize Sue for her tireless service as she has continually made Columbia and Adair County ‘‘a great place to call home.’’ 
RIGHT TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, the chief reason the ‘‘American experiment’’ in liberty and democracy has been so successful is our belief in God given, inalienable rights. One of these fundamental freedoms is an individual’s right to ‘‘keep and bear arms.’’ While the original intent of the Second Amendment to the Constitution was the defense against an abusive, tyrannical government, the central principle is to empower Americans to protect themselves, their families, and, as we witnessed in the Sutherland Springs shooting, their communities. Statistics show annual reductions in murder rates as concealed carry laws have gone into effect and that violent crime has decreased as gun ownership has increased. In fact, according to Gun Owners of America, citizens defend 
themselves with lethal force against criminals twice as often as police do every year. The Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act, which I cosponsored, simply allows lawabiding citizens who are licensed to carry a firearm the freedom to travel between States, closes gaps and strengthens due process regarding our national criminal background check system, and maintains the reasonable prohibitions that are in place today, like keeping guns out of the hands of convicted felons. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
CHANGE PALESTINIAN PAYTO SLAY POLICY (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Taylor Force Act, offered by my colleague from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). This bill is named after Taylor Force, who was killed in Tel Aviv last year by a Palestinian terrorist wielding a knife. As part of the Palestinian Authority’s ‘‘paytoslay’’ policy in which families of terrorists are rewarded for murdering Americans and Israelis, relatives of Force’s killer now receive a $400 monthly stipend. The average monthly income for Palestinians in the West Bank is only $150. This policy doubles, or even triples, a family’s earnings overnight. This policy directly encourages terrorism and incentivizes the murder of Americans and our allies. Payments to families of terrorists have reached $355 million in 2017. The Taylor Force Act ceases any continued U.S. aid to Palestinian interests until these socalled martyr payments are permanently ceased. The U.S. currently sends $300 million in aid to Palestinian interests. We shouldn’t send a penny more until this heinous policy is abolished for good. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3731) to provide overtime pay for employees of the United States Secret Service, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3731 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Secret Service Recruitment and Retention Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. b1230 
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3731, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3731, the Secret Service Recruitment and Retention Act of 2017. This bipartisan legislation was introduced by my distinguished colleague, Mr. KATKO , and negotiated between the House Judiciary Committee and the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. It would make small, but significant, changes to the Federal law to ensure that the men and women of the United States Secret Service are fairly compensated for performing their duties. This bill is necessary because, under current law, many Secret Service agents have hit the lawful cap that restricts overtime pay in some circumstances. This means that the brave men and women standing post, for example, at 2 a.m. in the morning are doing so for free. This is, without question, an untenable situation. H.R. 3731 makes two important changes to the law to address this problem. First, it raises the overtime cap to ensure that these agents are paid. Second, it includes a reporting requirement, directing the Government Accountability Office to study the 
Service’s implementation of the recommendations of the Protective Mission Panel, or PMP. This change is intended to help address the recruitment and retention issues at the Secret Service. Mr. Speaker, this legislation will ensure that the Secret Service is able to recruit and retain an elite group of dedicated law enforcement officers. This is an issue that rises above party affiliation, or ideology. The protection of the President, the First Family, and others is something that, obviously, we all should want as American citizens. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me, first of all, thank my good friend, Mr. KATKO , who is the original sponsor; and I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this legislation. We serve on the Homeland Security Committee and have oversight over the Secret Service, as does the aspects of this legislation, as relates to Judiciary has oversight as well. So ensuring that our men and women, who put their lives on the line daily, are protected is an important initiative. As I said earlier, I am proud to be an original cosponsor, along with my colleague from New York (Mr. KATKO ). The Secret Service Recruitment and Retention Act of 2017 is intended to provide overtime pay for employees of the United States Secret Service. Currently, the premium pay for protective services, under the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016, has severe earning limitations, or otherwise caps, which many of these men and women have reached. Due to earnings limitations put in place through 5 U.S.C. 5547, many Secret Service employees are not receiving timely or full payment for the hours they work. The requirements of protective operations directly contrast with the intent of an annual pay cap, as the protective mission requires continued, uninterrupted coverage for our protectees, beyond the control of the Secret Service. I think that is an important point. And I want my colleagues to know that I wholly support that our protectees are protected wherever they go. But I would be remiss if I did not express my concern on the number of trips that the Secret Service today has had to make on outings for entertainment, MaraLago, which I think is over 100 times, and the enormous amount of money and burden that is being placed on the Federal Government. This does not mean that I do not want these individuals to be compensated. And might I stop for a moment to thank the Secret Service, who I have known and have seen working over the years that I have served in the United States Congress in many different ways. Let me personally thank them for their service and for their professional service, dedicated service, and longstanding service and commitment to sacrificing their life for their protectee. I would say that this problem often requires individuals to work over the amount of premium pay, for which they are able to be legally paid, due to the annual cap. We have seen the extent to which Secret Service members are stretched in this administration alone. Providing protection for the President, his family members, and other high officials requires depth within the agency to ensure protectees are covered as well as their respective posts when pulled away. As I made the point, these various family members and President go in many ways off of the path of their government service related to the people of the United States. It is my hope that we are able to eventually work collaboratively on a more permanent fix to this problem since the Secret Service cannot administratively control protective overtime, which is dependent on the schedules of the protectees. Raising the pay cap will aid the Secret Service in reducing attrition rates and retaining personnel, which is what this bill purports to do. I truly want to make sure that happens. Exit interview data indicates the pay cap issue is the number one concern among employees leaving the Secret Service. We must ensure that we are employing the best available candidates when dealing with the protection of America’s highest diplomats. Therefore, pay should not be a deterrence in the recruitment and/or retention of Secret Service agents, and it is crucial that we retain them. Departing employees said raising the pay cap would have had an effect on their decision to leave, and they would have stayed. They are leaving the Secret Service for other positions in the Federal Government with equal pay and less travel. The U.S. Secret Service is currently protecting a historic number of protectees—about 25 percent more protectees—than during the Obama administration. In comparison to the previous five Presidential administrations—Bush 41 to Obama—for the first 6 months in office, Trump administration Secret Service protectees had more travel stops and travel days than any other President. As such, the operational tempo for protective activities have remained higher than normal. Protective overtime hours for special agents are about 15 to 20 percent higher when compared to CY 2015, the last nonPresidential campaign year. For CY 2017, as of 9–30–17, the Secret Service anticipates approximately 1,200 personnel will exceed the statutory pay cap. The costs related to protective overtime in excess of the pay cap for CY 2017 is estimated at $10.5 million. The same costs are projected for 2018, if the protective tempo remains unchanged. I, therefore, support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Any way that we can help protect the protectees, and keep these wellexperienced, committed, dedicated agents, willing to sacrifice their lives, from leaving, so that we can also recruit, is a vital step forward. I hope not only is this bill passed by the House, but I also hope passed quickly by the Senate to be able to be signed by the President of the United States. Ensuring that our men and women, who put their lives on the line daily, are protected is an important initiative. I am proud to be an original cosponsor along with my colleague Mr. KATKO from New York. ‘‘The Secret Service Recruitment and Retention Act of 2017’’ is intended to provide overtime pay for employees of the United States Secret Service. Currently, the premium pay for protective services under the ‘‘Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016’’ has severe earning limitations, or otherwise caps, which many of these men and women have reached. Due to earnings limitations put in place through 5 U.S.C. 5547, many Secret Service employees are not receiving timely or full payment for the hours they work. The requirements of protective operations directly contrast with the intent of an annual pay cap, as the protective mission requires continued, uninterrupted coverage for our protectees, beyond the control of the United States Secret Service. This often requires individuals to work over the amount of premium pay for which they are able to be legally paid due to the annual cap. We have seen the extent to which the Secret Service members are stretched in this administration alone. Providing protection for the President, his family members and other high officials require depth within the agency to ensure protectees are covered as well as their respective posts when pulled away. It is my hope that we are able to eventually work collaboratively on a more permanent fix to this problem since the Secret Service cannot administratively control protective overtime, which is dependent on the schedules of the protectees. Raising the pay cap will aid the Secret Service in reducing attrition rates and retaining personnel, which is what this bill purports to do. Exit interview data indicates the pay cap issue is the number #1 concern among employees leaving the Secret Service. We must ensure that we are employing the best available candidates when dealing with the protection of America’s highest diplomats. Therefore, pay should not be deterrence in the recruitment and/or retention of Secret Service agents. Departing employees said raising the pay cap would have had an effect on their decision to leave the agency. (They are leaving the Secret Service for other positions in the federal government with equal pay and less travel.) The USSS is currently protecting a historical high number of protectees—about 25 percent more protectees than during the Obama Administration. In comparison to the previous five presidential administrations (Bush 41 to Obama), for the first six months in office, Trump Administration Secret Service protectees had more travel stops and travel days than any other. 
As such, the operational tempo for protective activities has remained higher than normal. Protective overtime hours for special agents are about 15 to 20 percent higher when compared to CY 2015—the last non presidential campaign year. For CY 2017, as of 9/30/17, the Secret Services anticipates approximately 1,200 personnel will exceed the statutory pay cap. The costs related to protective overtime in excess of the pay cap for CY 2017 is estimated at $10.5 million. The same costs are projected for CY 2018, if the protective tempo remains unchanged. I therefore, support this bill and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, we must do everything we can to protect our United States Secret Service personnel and ensure an effective process for recruitment and retention of these agents. These agents play a vital role in our democratic system both here at home and abroad. Their keen attention to details and adequate response to dangerous situations around the world cannot be measured in dollar signs. Beyond protecting the President, VicePresident, their families and other identified individuals, the Secret Service plays a vital role in representing the United States interest around the world through criminal investigation activities that span the gamut from anticounterfeiting operations to now encompassing financial crimes, identity theft, counterfeiting, computer fraud, and computerbased attacks on the nation’s financial, banking, and telecommunications infrastructure, among other areas. For all these reasons, I therefore, support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ), my good friend, and sponsor of the bill. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3731, the Secret Service Recruitment and Retention Act of 2017, because I believe in the need to pay the hardworking men and women of the United States Secret Service for the critical work that they perform in dedication to the security of America’s leaders. While most Americans know the Secret Service for its role in protecting the President and First Family, many are unaware of the additional substantial roles and countless hours worked by special agents, uniformed division officers, technical personnel, and intelligence professionals. These jobs require extensive travel, often on short notice, as well as sometimes working multiple weeks in a row without a day off, because the security of our Nation’s leaders depend on our constant vigilance. This legislation demonstrates an important recognition of the men and women who wake up every day to dedicate their lives to the protection of America’s leadership and financial systems. This agency has struggled to improve employee morale in recent years, due, in large part, to strict overtime pay caps that prevent adequate compensation for their work. It is very common, nowadays, in the Secret Service for agents, starting as early as June, to be working multiple hours a week of overtime, and sometimes as many as over 100 hours a month for free because they have reached the cap. This, in turn, leads to challenges in retention and recruitment, further exacerbating staffing shortages. In 2017, the agency estimates that 1,200 employees at Secret Service will exceed the statutory pay cap, losing approximately $10 million in overtime pay, unless we, in Congress, step up. I wish to thank each of the bipartisan cosponsors for their support of this bill, which took the cooperation of multiple committees to bring to the floor. And I want to thank my colleague, Ms. JACKSON LEE, for her continued support on bipartisan measures. It is a sign that when you join hands across the aisle, good things can happen. In particular, I thank Chairman GOODLATTE of the Judiciary Committee for bringing this legislation up today, as well as Chairman GOWDY and Ranking Member CUMMINGS of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for their support. I also thank my colleague, Mr. RUTHERFORD , for managing this bill on the floor today. And I thank Chairman MCCAUL, Ranking Member THOMPSON , and Ranking Member WATSON COLEMAN of the Homeland Security Committee for their recognition of this legislation’s importance to the Secret Service and for their support. Further, I would like to explicitly thank two staffers who were truly instrumental in coordinating the movement of this bill: Kevin Ortiz of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, and Robert Parmiter of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. Speaker, this bill provides overdue relief to an agency whose dedication knows no bounds. As we enjoy this holiday season, I can think of no better Christmas gift to the hardworking men and women at the Secret Service than the fair compensation that is owed to them for their hard work in securing our Nation. Mr. Speaker, for this reason, I strongly urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, and I urge the Senate to quickly take up and pass this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ), the ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3731. This bill would raise the cap on overtime pay for Secret Service agents through next year. These agents pursue the unique dual role of the Secret Service, which consists of protective and investigative functions. Secret Service agents are most commonly known for their role in protecting the President, Vice President, their families, and other dignitaries. Their duties, however, also involve rotations into units that investigate threats against our financial system, certain types of identity theft, and related cybercrimes. This bill before us today is before us because the demands on these agents have increased significantly under the Trump administration. President Trump seems to travel to properties in Florida, New Jersey, and Virginia almost every weekend, and the number of individuals in the Trump administration under Secret Service protection has exceeded 40, in comparison to just over 30 under the Obama administration. Protective overtime hours for special agents are 15 to 20 percent higher than those during the last nonPresidential campaign year. Because of the increased workload, many Secret Service personnel will hit the statutory pay cap this year, and next. This bill would raise the cap through calendar year 2018. This change is necessary to allow Secret Service agents to be compensated for the extraordinary rigors and time demands placed upon them as they work diligently to fulfill their critical mission. The adjustment is necessary for the retention of welltrained agents and the recruitment of new ones. I also note that the bill would require GAO to conduct a study of the Secret Service’s implementation of recommendations concerning training and personnel made 3 years ago by the Secret Service Mission Panel. Congress will benefit from receiving a progress report on this effort. The various provisions of this bill will help make the Secret Service a more effective agency in pursuing its dual mission. Mr. Speaker, I, therefore, support H.R. 3731 and ask that my colleagues do the same. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE), who is a member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we all know that the United States Secret Service is one of the Federal Government’s premier law enforcement agencies. The agency’s critical mission is to protect the President, his family, and other senior government officials. Agency personnel may also provide protection at highprofile events. It has a zerofail mission; therefore, it is vital that the Secret Service is fully staffed with nothing but the best. Unfortunately, the agency has faced tremendous staffing problems. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform released a bipartisan report in 2015, finding the Secret Service has faced challenges related to hiring and retaining personnel. 
b1245 The report states that the staffing crisis threatens to jeopardize its critical mission. Staffing issues have persisted, although the agency has implemented a series of reforms to help get its hiring and attrition problems under control. The consequence of these hiring and attrition problems is that the agency does not have enough personnel to fulfill its zero fail protective mission. This means existing personnel are working excessive overtime. With all the overtime, many Secret Service personnel have reached the cap on premium pay set in law. As a result, agents are not paid for overtime hours if doing so would result in compensation above the cap during any biweekly pay period. These maxouts, as they are known, contribute to the agency’s low morale and unsurprisingly cause the rate of attrition to spike. Congress first lifted the pay cap for the Secret Service in 2016 to help the agency handle the demands of staffing the Presidential campaign. However, nearly 1,300 employees are at risk of exceeding the pay cap in 2017. Due to the extraordinary staffing problems facing the agency, this bill extends the pay cap waiver provided last year until the end of 2018. Employees will receive compensation up to the basic pay currently given to members of the Executive Schedule, Level II. Every Secret Service employee who has exceeded the cap or who is at risk of doing so because of excessive overtime will receive additional compensation under this bill. I want to be clear. This bill is narrowly targeted to fix a problem currently facing the agency and does so in a timely manner. The Secret Service cannot continue to rely on expensive overtime, and Congress fully expects the agency to get its hiring attrition problems under control. To this end, the bill also requires a report by the Government Accountability Office focused on the Secret Service’s implementation of recommendations found in the 2014 Protective Mission Panel report. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, the recommendations, which include reforming the recruiting and hiring process, hiring additional personnel, and implementing a zero tolerance disciplinary system, are instructive and will help the Secret Service develop a world class human resource system. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to thank the House Judiciary Committee, the Homeland Security Committee, along with the Oversight and Government Reform Committee on putting forth this important legislation and bringing it to the floor in a timely manner. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the extra time and I urge all Members to support this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ), the chairman and ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I rise to support H.R. 3731, the Secret Service Recruitment and Retention Act of 2017, which Congressman KATKO and I cosponsored. The bill would authorize an increase in the annual salary and the overtime limit for the men and women of the Secret Service so they can be paid for the significant overtime they have already worked in 2017 and will be working in 2018. Last year, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform unanimously passed the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016. The bill authorized overtime pay for more than 1,400 Secret Service agents and the thousands of hours they worked in the 2016 Presidential campaign year. Although noncampaign years are usually significantly less demanding, the size of President Trump’s family, their frequent travel, and the need to secure their multiple residences have caused more than 1,000 Secret Service agents to reach the annual pay cap in 2017. These demands on the Secret Service will remain extremely high and require substantial resources. In December 2015, the Oversight Committee unanimously adopted a report concluding that the Secret Service‘‘. . . is experiencing a staffing crisis that threatens to jeopardize its critical mission.’’ Our report found that this was due in large part to ‘‘. . . significant cuts imposed by the Budget Control Act of 2011.’’ The report recommended that Congress ensure that the Secret Service has sufficient funds to restore staffing to the required levels. Providing this muchneeded overtime pay relief is an essential step towards fulfilling the committee’s recommendation. The hardworking men and women of the Secret Service put their lives on the line every day and make tremendous personal sacrifices for our country. We cannot expect the Secret Service to recruit and retain the best of the best and be the elite of the elite if they are not even being compensated for the hours that are demanded of them. Congress has a responsibility to provide the resources they need. I am proud to join my colleagues in this bipartisan effort to do just that, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I have no other Members to speak on this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me acknowledge Mr. CUMMINGS  for his leadership on this legislation. I believe the combination of Members who are sponsoring this legislation and the work of the Oversight and Government Reform, Homeland Security, and Judiciary Committees clearly speak to almost the crisis of the issue and what we are dealing with. As we come to a close, Mr. Speaker, I am hoping that my colleagues will vote for this legislation in resounding numbers and I hope that the Senate will hotline this legislation so that it can immediately get to the desk of the President. I would also ask that we recognize that we must do everything we can to protect our United States Secret Service personnel and ensure an effective process for recruitment and retention of these agents. I am glad there is an element in this legislation that will allow for a review of all of these issues and that the Congress will have a role in assessing how we can work with the Secret Service agency to improve its performance, its retention, and certainly to say to those hardworking agents that we appreciate them, by way of compensation. These agents play a vital role in our democratic system both here at home and abroad. Their keen attention to details and adequate response to dangerous situations around the world cannot be measured in dollar signs. Beyond protecting the President, Vice President, their families, and other identified individuals, the Secret Service plays a vital role in representing the United States’ interests around the world through criminal investigation activities that span the gamut from anticounterfeiting operations to now encompassing financial crimes; identity theft, which has exponentially grown in the United States; counterfeiting; computer fraud; and computerbased attacks on the Nation’s financial, banking, and telecommunications infrastructure, among other areas. Congress is standing up to make its voice known and to make appropriate changes. I think it is appropriate for the administration in this instance, the Commander in Chief, to stand up as well and review the extensive travel and the burdens that are being placed on the Secret Service agents and their families. They are not complaining, but I think it behooves any good leader to look at what can be improved and what can be corrected in order to ensure the astuteness, the excellence, and the safety and security of the protectees and those agents who are out there on the line sacrificing or willing to sacrifice their life. For all of these reasons, I therefore support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote for this legislation, H.R. 3731, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Texas for helping to bring this bill to the floor today. I congratulate my good friend from New York, Mr. KATKO , on this legislation. It is going to be very important to our men and women of the Secret Service who put their lives on the line every day in dedication to their service. Mr. Speaker, I want to encourage all of my colleagues to support H.R. 3731, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I support the passage of H.R. 3731 today to strengthen the resolve of our men and women in the Secret Service to continue performing their essential duties in protecting the President while receiving the appropriate compensation for their efforts which go beyond normal working hours. This legislation ensures that a pay cap is no longer a barrier to paying Secret Service agents who stand watch at all hours of the night, often racking up significant overtime. The current pay cap restricts the Secret Service from paying their employees what is due to them. Director Alles believes this legislation to be such an important initiative to pass that he personally came to discuss it with me as Chairman of the Judiciary Committee with oversight of the Secret Service. I am glad that we are, in a bipartisan way, enabling the men and women of the Secret Service to now receive the necessary compensation for the significant overtime work they perform. The GAO reporting requirement in the legislation will also provide to Congress important analysis of how well the Secret Service has implemented the recommendations of the Protective Mission Panel. Knowing these results will help in conducting crucial oversight of the agency. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3731, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
STOPPING ABUSIVE FEMALE EXPLOITATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3317) to amend title 18, United States Code, to increase the penalty for female genital mutilation, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3317 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stopping Abusive Female Exploitation Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘SAFE Act of 2017’’. 
Section 116 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘5 years’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘15 years’’. 
It is the sense of Congress that States should have in place laws that require health care professionals, teachers, and other school employees to report to local law enforcement agencies any instance of suspected female genital mutilation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3317, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support of H.R. 3317, the Stopping Abusive Female Exploitation Act, or the SAFE Act. This legislation increases the criminal penalty for female genitalia mutilation of a minor from a maximum of 5 years to a maximum of 15 years. It also encourages States to adopt laws to require certain professionals who work with children to report suspected mutilation cases. Female genitalia mutilation, or FGM, is internationally recognized as a human rights violation for girls and women. It is an extreme form of abuse against women and girls, often causing serious and permanent health complications, including shock and death. Across at least 30 countries, more than 200 million girls and women alive today have been subjected to FGM and more than 3 million girls are estimated to be at risk every year of being subjected to this procedure even though it is outlawed in 42 countries. Congress first passed legislation making this horrific practice illegal in 1996. The Federal Prohibition of Female Genitalia Mutilation Act made it illegal to perform FGM on girls younger than 18 years of age in the United States. In 2013, Congress passed another law, the Transport for Female Genital Mutilation Act, which amended the 1996 legislation and made it a crime to knowingly transport a girl out of the United States for the purpose of FGM, yet the practice still continues. According to some estimates, the number of girls who have undergone FGM has tripled over the past 2 decades. In 2017, after 20 years on the books, the first charges were filed under the FGM statute against a doctor in Michigan who performed this disfiguring assault on two 7yearolds. By increasing the criminal exposure for this crime, we send a message that our country will not tolerate the mutilation of our young girls and women and we will do what we can to prevent that. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Mr. TROTT from the great State of Michigan for introducing this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman from Florida for managing this bill along with the previous initiative, and let me thank Mrs. MALONEY and Mr. TROTT for their leadership on this very important legislation. Protecting girls and young women from abuse and exploitation is vital to the health of our communities. The Stopping Abusive Female Exploitation Act is intended to amend 18 U.S.C. Section 116 by raising the penalty such that the maximum penalty for the crime of genital mutilation is 15 years. b1300 Given the abhorrent nature of this practice, States should have in place laws that require healthcare professionals, school employees, and other professionals who work with children to report any suspected practice of female genital mutilation to the appropriate law enforcement entity. This legislation is important as a means for Congress to appropriately punish those who commit this crime. Female genital manipulation, cutting, is internationally recognized as a violation of human rights of girls and women. It is currently a crime in 26 States, including Michigan and Texas. It is also a Federal crime. Around the world, at least five girls are mutilated, cut, every hour. An estimated 100 million girls and 140 million women worldwide are living with the consequences of FGM. Despite the fact that FGM has been banned in the United States since 1996, people continue to engage in this abusive practice. Recently, Michigan was faced with the first Federal prosecution under this statute, whereby a Michigan doctor was charged with performing female genital mutilation on two girls that crossed State lines. Because this intolerable practice has no medical benefits, it has no place in our society, and those who commit these horrendous crimes should be held accountable for their actions. I, therefore, ask support for this bill and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Protecting girls and young women from abuse and exploitation is vital to the health of our communities. ‘‘The Stopping Abusive Female Exploitation Act of 2017’’ is intended to amend 18 U.S.C. § 116 by increasing the maximum penalty for the crime of female genital mutilation (FGM) from five years to fifteen. Given the abhorrent nature of this practice, States should have in place laws that require health care professionals, school employees and other professionals that work with children, to report any suspected practice of female genital mutilation, to the appropriate law enforcement entity. I support this legislation as a means for Congress to appropriately punish those that commit this crime. Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting (FGM/C) is internationally recognized as a violation of the human rights of girls and women. It is currently a crime in 26 states, including Michigan and Texas. It is also a federal crime. Around the world, at least five girls are mutilated/cut every hour. An estimated 100 million girls and 140 million women worldwide are living with the consequences of FGM. Despite the fact that FGM has been banned in the United States since 1996, people continue to engage in this abusive practice. Recently, Michigan was faced with the first federal prosecution under this statute, whereby, a Michigan doctor was charged with performing female genital mutilation on two girls that crossed statelines. Because this intolerable practice has no medical benefits, it has no place in our society and those who commit these horrendous crimes should be held accountable for their actions. I therefore, support this bill and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, we must do everything we can to protect victims, particularly, the most vulnerable people in our society, our children. This bill will certainly do that. Beyond serving as a deterrence for many in our society that continue to engage in the practice of female genital mutilation, this legislation will also provide a more appropriate punishment for violation of the FGM statute, under 18 U.S.C. § 116. For all these reasons, I therefore, support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. TROTT ), my good friend. Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend from Florida for managing this bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3317, the SAFE Act, legislation that will increase the Federal penalty for female genital mutilation from 5 years to 15 years. This past April, just north of Detroit, reports of this appalling and brutal practice surfaced in my district. As a lifelong resident of southeast Michigan, I was horrified to learn that three local residents, including two physicians, professionals we trust with our children, were charged for allegedly performing and participating in this barbaric practice. The subsequent Federal prosecution has shed light on an evil practice that has no place in southeast Michigan or the United States. This person who claims to be a physician is a monster and has reportedly committed this heinous act hundreds of times. This despicable practice has no place in our society, and we must ensure our Federal laws reflect this principle. We must make it clear to Americans and the rest of the world that this practice will not be tolerated. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that over 500,000 girls in the United States have undergone or are at risk of FGM. That is 500,000 girls too many. We must set a zero tolerance against this practice. This is gender violence and oppression, and it is time for the government to punish such egregious behavior accordingly. My bipartisan SAFE Act will increase the Federal penalty from 5 to 15 years, putting it more in line with other developed countries. We need to protect our girls right here at home, and increasing the penalty will go a long way toward accomplishing this goal. I want to thank the coauthor of this bill, the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), my friend and colleague, for her work. I also want to thank Chairman GOODLATTE for his effort and leadership in moving this bill through the committee process. Mr. Speaker, today we can step toward eradicating this barbaric practice, and I urge my colleagues to support passage of H.R. 3317. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is certainly a pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY ), a good friend and a champion of these issues dealing with vulnerable women, the original sponsor of this legislation along with Mr. TROTT . Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, SHEILA JACKSON LEE, for her extraordinary leadership on this issue and so many others, and I thank her for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3317, the Stopping Abusive Female Exploitation, or SAFE, Act. It is a bipartisan, noncontroversial issue; and I hope this body unanimously supports it, as it will save the health and protection and stop the abuse of girls in our country. I am the Democratic lead on this bill and, first, want to thank my friend and colleague from Michigan (Mr. TROTT ) for his devotion, extraordinary leadership, and commitment to bringing this bill to the floor. Female genital mutilation is an issue that affects women and girls in the United States and around the world. I want to express my regret that he has decided to retire from this body. We will miss his leadership in Congress. His district, I am sure, and State will miss it, and, I must say, I believe our country will miss it. It is one thing when a woman champions a woman’s issue, but to have a likeminded man join you and lead you is a very, very special expression of leadership, and I am deeply grateful for the gentleman’s leadership on behalf of the girls and women that this bill will help. Female genital mutilation is a terrible, abusive practice that causes immense physical and emotional pain and damage to young girls that can last a lifetime. It is a Federal crime. Twenty two States have laws against it, yet it is still being practiced in our great country. It is illegal in the United States, and while we condemn this practice around the world, we really need to do more to stop it right here at home. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. The CDC estimates that in 2012, 500,000 females in the United States have been subjected to or are at risk of female genital mutilation, and that number is rising. It is up to us to bring that number to zero. This bill creates a harsher and more appropriate penalty, increasing the current sentence of 5 years to 15 years imprisonment. Stricter penalties for performing the procedure are critical to eradicating this horrific abuse. I not only thank my colleague, but also Chairman GOODLATTE and Ranking Member NADLER and our sponsors in the Senate, Senators FEINSTEIN and GRASSLEY . This is an important bill. I hope this entire body supports it. It will literally save the lives of many young girls in our country. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers on this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER), the ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3317. Unfortunately, this bill is needed to help protect young women and girls from the horrible practice of female genital mutilation. H.R. 3317 would increase the maximum penalty from 5 years to 15 years for female genital mutilation to appropriately punish those who commit this horrible crime. FGM, female genital mutilation, is internationally recognized as a violation of the human rights of girls and young women. It is currently a crime in 26 States, including New York, in addition to the prohibition in the Federal criminal code. Around the world, at least five girls are mutilated in this way every single hour. An estimated 100 million girls and 140 million women worldwide are living with the consequences of genital mutilation. Despite the fact that female genital mutilation has been banned in the United States since 1996, people continue to engage in this abusive practice. Recently, the first prosecution 
was initiated under the Federal statute. A doctor in Michigan was charged with performing female genital mutilation on two girls who had been brought across State lines for this purpose. Those who commit these horrendous crimes should be held accountable for their actions. I support increasing the maximum penalty under Federal law from 5 to 15 years in order to reflect the severity of these injuries and their longlasting consequences and, perhaps, to better deter these crimes. Therefore, I support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, let me thank the gentleman from Florida for managing and joining me in the managing of this legislation, and, again, I thank the cosponsors. Let me also express my appreciation to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. TROTT ) for his service to this Congress and, as well, for his excellent bill that is on the floor. I thank the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), as well, for her leadership on this legislation. I think it is important to note that these are dastardly acts against women and girls; and as I indicated, across the world, we are talking about 140 million women and 100 million girls who have been subjected to living with the consequences of the FGM. It was banned in the United States since 1996, but we know this act still goes on. So we must do everything we can to protect victims, particularly the most vulnerable people in our society: our children. This is not a mandatory minimum. This is upwards of 15 years. This is a deserving penalty for a horrific crime. This bill will certainly do that to try to protect these children here in the United States. Beyond serving as a deterrent for many in our society who continue to engage in the practice of female genital mutilation, this legislation will also provide appropriate punishment for violation of the FGM statute under 18 U.S.C. 116. For all these reasons, I ask my colleagues to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would first like to thank the gentlewoman from Texas for helping to manage these two very important bills on the floor today. I, too, want to congratulate Mrs. MALONEY and Mr. T ROTT on H.R. 3317, to ban this horrible procedure of FGM and really help to protect the women and girls of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, the Stopping Abusive Female Exploitation, or ‘‘SAFE,’’ Act addresses the internationallyrecognized human rights violation of female genital mutilation (FGM). The Center for Disease Control estimates that approximately 500,000 women and girls in the US have undergone the procedure or are at risk of having it inflicted upon them, and it has only grown in prevalence over the last two decades. FGM provides no health benefits for women and girls, and has longlasting and harmful physical and psychological consequences. While FGM is rightly a federal crime under current law, the current penalty is insufficient. It does not reflect the barbaric and medieval nature of the crime; nor does it reflect the harm caused to these young girls. That is why we are considering the SAFE Act today. As a father and grandfather, I can think of no more important work than protecting our children from those who seek to do them harm. I commend Representative DAVETROTT , an alumnus of this Committee, and Representative CAROLYN MALONEY , for introducing the SAFE Act and for their tireless efforts on behalf of FGM victims. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3317, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 656. 
Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for rollcall Nos. 655 (on the passage of H.R. 3731), and 656 (on the passage of H.R. 3317). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on both these votes. 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for today’s vote series due to family considerations. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 655 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 656. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 224, nays 183, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 25, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Allen Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Crawford Culberson Cummings Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Hultgren Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pascrell Perlmutter Pingree Polis Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Rush Russell Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Thornberry Tiberi Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Vela Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) NAYS—183 
Aguilar Amash Babin Barr Barraga´n Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blum Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Buck Budd Burgess Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis Duffy Emmer Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Fudge Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gomez Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight LaHood Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Mast Matsui McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Messer Moore Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smucker Soto Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Westerman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin 
Amodei Bridenstine Brownley (CA) Clark (MA) Conyers Curbelo (FL) Dent Gaetz Gohmert Graves (LA) Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Kennedy Meeks Neal Payne Pelosi Pocan Quigley Rooney, Francis Scott, Austin Simpson Stewart Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, December 5, for personal reasons, I was absent and missed votes. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Rollcall No. 655—‘‘Yea.’’ Rollcall No. 656—‘‘Yea.’’ Rollcall No. 657—‘‘Yea.’’ 
MODIFICATION IN APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREES ON H.R. 1, TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection and pursuant to clause 11 of rule I, the Chair removes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) as a conferee on H.R. 1 and appoints the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) to fill the vacancy. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will notify the Senate of the change in conferees. 
ENHANCING VETERAN CARE ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1266) to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with nonprofit organizations to investigate medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1266 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Enhancing Veteran Care Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1266, the Enhancing Veteran Care Act. S. 1266 would authorize the Department of Veterans Affairs to contract with a nonprofit entity specializing in civilian accreditation or healthcare evaluation to investigate and assess deficiencies at VA medical centers and to coordinate any such investigations with the VA inspector general and the Government Accountability Office. This bill is sponsored by Senator JAMES INHOFE from Oklahoma and is companion legislation to H.R. 42, which is sponsored by my good friend, Representative MARKWAYNE MULLIN from Oklahoma’s Second District. I am grateful to both Senator INHOFE and Congressman MULLIN for their work on this legislation. We are all familiar with the various challenges and scandals that have plagued VA medical centers across the country since the 2014 systemwide VA access and accountability crisis. I, along with Ranking Member WALZ and other committee members, our Senate colleagues, Secretary Shulkin, veterans service organizations, and others, have been working tirelessly to transform the VA healthcare system into the modern, highperforming healthcare organization that our veterans deserve. S. 1266 is in line with those efforts in that it would provide VA an additional avenue to identify and resolve problems impacting the care our veterans receive in VA medical facilities. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, since 2014, the Veterans’ Affairs Committee has held countless hearings focused on VA medical centers that were found to have covered up wait times or failed to consistently provide highquality healthcare to veterans. Many of these failures were first brought to light by whistleblower allegations and were later substantiated by Government Accountability Office studies and VA inspector general investigations. Solutions to these failures were only uncovered through multiple inspections of medical centers’ facilities, their policies, and their employees. Congress relies on the hard work of medical inspectors and investigators at the VA, the OIG, and the GAO to review allegations and issue recommendations regarding how VA and Congress should work to correct deficiencies at medical centers and hold VA officials accountable. With limited resources, the inspector general and the GAO have completed a staggering number of investigations and reviews that have led to significant reforms of the VA system. They should be commended for their excellent work. b1400 The Enhancing Veteran Care Act gives the Secretary another tool for developing solutions to problems at VA medical facilities. The VA Secretary should be able to contract with nonprofitnongovernmental medical inspectors or auditors when deemed appropriate. However, I strongly believe that granting the VA Secretary the authority to contract with nongovernmental inspectors and auditors should not result in cuts to the IG’s or VA’s budgets. We need to ensure VA inspectors and the VA OIG have the resources to continue their thorough and timely investigations. I am also concerned about these nongovernmental organizations not being required to follow Federal laws that require transparency. I believe these nongovernmental bodies should be held to the very same level of transparency as the IG, GAO, and VA investigators, including requirements to publish their methods for conducting audits and reviews alongside their findings and recommendations. Without transparency, Congress and the public will not have the same level of confidence in their findings. If we had the opportunity to consider this legislation in committee, we could have received testimony from VA, the IG, and GAO on this legislation and done more to address concerns around transparency, while also ensuring that investigative efforts are not duplicated. I encourage the chairman to continue his inclusive approach by seeking to bring all veterans related bills through committee for due consideration. However, these concerns will not prevent me from supporting the Enhancing Veteran Care Act. I trust the Secretary will execute this authority in a manner that supports and supplements governmentled investigations. Veterans should have full confidence that they will receive highquality healthcare at VA facilities. Rigorous and transparent investigations and audits will help guarantee these high standards are met. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ), my good friend and sponsor of the House companion bill, H.R. 42. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROEfor allowing this to come to the floor and Leader MCCARTHYfor his leadership in bringing this bill to the floor. I also want to thank my fellow Senators from Oklahoma, Mr. INHOFE and Mr. L ANKFORD , for their great work in getting this passed in the Senate. As the sponsor of H.R. 42, the House companion bill to S. 1266, I urge my colleagues to support and vote in favor of today’s bill. Nearly a year ago, we debated this bill on the floor and saw it passed by voice vote. I look forward to another strong response from the House in sending this bill to the President’s desk and it becoming law. This bill simply authorizes the Department of Veterans Affairs to contract with nonprofit organizations that accredit healthcare organizations in order to investigate VA medical centers. This bill would allow the VA to get a second opinion from outside of the agency in order to get the best information and provide the best care for our veterans. Just like how patients sometimes need to get a second opinion on their diagnosis, the VA should not be above bringing in a second opinion. Our veterans deserve care equal to the finest civilian hospitals, so let’s bring more transparency to the VA by allowing them to invite the people who evaluate those private hospitals to take a look at the VA and make recommendations when problems arise. This is a commonsense bill that will help improve the care for our veterans, and I hope all will support it. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ), my good friend and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1266, Enhancing Veteran Care Act. Currently, the Department of Veterans Affairs can contract with qualified and accredited thirdparty nonprofits to investigate a VA medical center for deficiencies in its facility. Only the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, however, is directly capable of authorizing these thirdparty investigations. Unfortunately, this process is needlessly cumbersome and delays the improvement of medical centers. This bill 
is an important reform because it empowers Veteran Integrated Service Network directors and VA medical center directors to initiate these thirdparty reviews. The Manchester VA Medical Center in my home State of New Hampshire currently faces a number of questions regarding the services it provides and the facilities it manages. While Secretary Shulkin has initiated reviews of the facility, it took a number of whistleblowers to put their reputation and jobs on the line to force action. Legislation like the Enhancing Veteran Care Act could have streamlined this process and made both the facility and the VISN more accountable to the needs of veterans in New Hampshire. VA must be better at assessing its own shortcomings. Ultimately, veterans in the Granite State and across the country deserve the highest standard of care. I thank Senators INHOFE and LANKFORD for introducing this important legislation. I thank Senator SHAHEEN , one of the lead Democratic cosponsors of the bill, for helping advance this bill through the U.S. Senate and being attentive to the needs of our Granite State veterans. I proudly support this legislation and urge all of my colleagues to support this bill and immediately send it to the President’s desk. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of S. 1266, the Enhancing Veteran Care Act, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. This has been a team effort on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee to work to try to improve the care that our veterans and Nation’s heroes get throughout this country. The involvement on both sides of the aisle on our committee is unprecedented, I think, for a committee working toward a single goal and purpose. Many times, we have differences of opinion, but this bill is just another tool that the VA will be able to use to improve the care that veterans get. I received a letter today from a gentleman in New Mexico who had a very different experience 6 or 7 years ago with the VA. He was even hesitant to go back. He went back to this VA hospital and had a very pleasant experience. So I think things are changing for the better, I think due to the hard work of the leadership at the VA, the people who work there every day, and this committee. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1266. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
CONDEMNING ETHNIC CLEANSING OF ROHINGYA AND CALLING FOR AN END TO ATTACKS IN AND AN IMMEDIATE RESTORATION OF HUMANITARIAN ACCESS TO RAKHINE, BURMA Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 90) condemning ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya and calling for an end to the attacks in and an immediate restoration of humanitarian access to the state of Rakhine in Burma, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days 
to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, for decades, the Burmese Government and its military has systematically oppressed the people known as the Rohingya, a Muslim minority living in the Rakhine State of Burma. A 1982 citizenship law denies the Rohingya citizenship, even though most of them have lived in the country for generations. They have been denied freedom of movement, access to healthcare, and education. The Rohingya have been marginalized at every level of the Burmese Government, from the top to the bottom. Making matters worse, Burma’s military is engaged in a new brutal crackdown on the Rohingya that the U.S. has rightly deemed ‘‘ethnic cleansing.’’ More than 600,000 Rohingya people have been driven from their homes in recent months, forced to cross the border into Bangladesh. Hundreds have been killed, though with journalists denied access to large areas of Rakhine State, that number is clearly very much higher than those reported. At least 200 villages have been burned to the ground. Land mines have been placed inside Burma’s border with Bangladesh, maiming refugees seeking safe haven. There are reports of rapes and all types of violence committed against the Rohingya by the Burmese security forces. Importantly, this resolution not only condemns the attack against civilians by Burma’s security services led by General Min Aung Hlaing, it also reaffirms the crimes committed against the Rohingya as ethnic cleansing. Recently, Secretary of State Tillerson made this strong but warranted determination, a decision that deserves our praise here. Bangladesh also deserves credit for opening its borders in order to handle the human refugees that are streaming out of Burma, but its government has to honor its promise to build shelter for new arrivals and provide medical services. In response to this crisis, Secretary Tillerson recently announced an additional $47 million in humanitarian assistance for Burma and Bangladesh, bringing the total U.S. assistance to more than $150 million this year. It is very much needed. State Counselor Aung San Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize winner and the de facto leader of Burma, must make it a top priority to provide for the safety of those in Burma, including the Rohingya. The safe and voluntary return of the victims displaced in Bangladesh must also be a top priority. But to get to the point where the Rohingya will feel safe enough to return to their homes, the Burmese Government and military must honor their responsibility to ensure the protection of all of the people of Burma, regardless of their ethnic background, regardless of their religious beliefs. The violence against the Rohingya must stop, and those responsible for those atrocities must face justice. The protection of human rights has long been our Nation’s top priority in Burma, including freeing Aung San Suu Kyi. Today, that must include the Rohingya. This is a moral issue and a national security issue. No one is secure when extremism and instability is growing in this part of the world. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure. Let me, first of all, thank my good friend and fellow New Yorker, Mr. CROWLEY ; and our former chair of the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee, Mr. CHABOT , for authoring this important resolution. I also want to thank EDROYCE , chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, for his sustained focus on this tragedy and his leadership in quickly bringing this measure to the floor. Mr. Speaker, we continue to see reports of Rohingya refugees fleeing to Bangladesh and widespread hunger and malnutrition for those left behind. The Burmese military and security forces are waging a brutal campaign of violence against unarmed civilians, including women and children, killing, raping, and destroying lives and livelihoods. The Rohingya people have been marginalized for decades, but the unthinkable violence and human suffering since August is ethnic cleansing, pure and simple—a description the Trump administration now agrees with, although they were far too slow to say so—and possibly even genocide. b1415 Over the past 4 months, more than 600,000 men, women, and children have fled to neighboring Bangladesh to find refuge in a country with tremendous needs of its own. This is more than 10 times the number of refugees the administration will allow into the United States this year, the same administration that ended America’s participation in the U.N. effort to develop a global compact on migration, all this right in the middle of the world’s most serious refugee crisis in history. I say shame on us. We should be doing more. Bangladesh deserves our deep gratitude for opening its doors to the Rohingya at a time when our government slams the door shut. The Governments of Burma and Bangladesh have struck a deal to begin repatriating Rohingya next month, but it is not clear that anyone is interested in returning right now. In fact, there are reports of more arrivals in Bangladesh each day on fishing boats for those who can afford passage and on makeshift rafts for those who cannot. People are leaving Burma out of fear; they are leaving because they are hungry; and they are leaving because they know, if they stay, they will die. The Burmese Government has not yet set appropriate conditions for the voluntary, dignified, and safe return, including allowing an independent United Nations factfinding mission and addressing citizenship issues. The United States Congress has long defended the rights and freedoms of the Burmese people, championing Burma’s new leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, during her many years under house arrest, supporting Burma’s historic 2015 decision, and remaining a committed partner in Burma’s ongoing democratic transition. With the measure before us today, this body will continue to speak out on this issue. We support freedom and respect for human rights in Burma. This measure condemns the horrific actions of the military and security forces, calls for an immediate cessation of its violence, and urges the restoration of humanitarian access. It also calls for Aung San Suu Kyi to exercise moral leadership, something that is needed now more than ever. We reject the army’s claims that what is taking place in Burma is a so called counterterrorism measure. That is nonsense. It is textbook ethnic cleansing; that is what it is. We should also encourage other governments to stay engaged and continue to address the pressing needs of these refugees, needs that will only grow as long as this situation remains unresolved. Lastly, we must also urge our own administration to hold members of the Burmese military and security forces accountable for these atrocities, and I have introduced sanctions legislation to do just that. Mr. Speaker, I support this measure, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution, and I compliment both our chairman and our ranking member for how they have ensured that our committee remains a bulwark of support for human rights throughout the world. It has been 16 years since 3,000 Americans were slaughtered before our eyes by a global terrorist movement, using Islam as an excuse for the cowardly murder of innocent people, people of every faith who were butchered in order to terrorize the rest of us in the world into submission to their fanaticism. Crucial to our ability to defeat this evil force has been our commitment to 
ensure that the battle did not evolve into a war between Islam itself and the rest of us, which would then, of course, pit Muslims against all Christians as well as people of other faiths. George W. Bush, President of the United States, reached out at that moment after 9/11 to ensure that the plot by these radical terrorists did not succeed in polarizing the world as such. Our greatest success has been preventing that polarization that would have put all the people of the world against Islam and all Muslims against all the rest of the people of the world. That battle to make sure that does not happen must continue. It is essential to keep open the ties with those people in the Muslim world who are appalled by the terror and brutality of these fanatics who commit such monstrous crimes. It is vital for our own security that we aggressively condemn terrorism and human rights abuses when it is against Muslim people. The Muslim people are the victims, and they need to know that we are on their side, just as we expect good Muslim people to be on our side when we confront this terrorism in the world. We did that, of course, when the Serbian Christians were killing, ethnically cleansing, Muslim people in Kosovo. Today we reaffirm to the Muslim people of the world and to ourselves that we loudly proclaim that we are condemning the slaughter of the Rohingya people who reside in the southern states of Burma. If these attacks by the Burmese military continue, we must follow this strong condemnation today with sanctions. In the meantime, not one bullet or weapon should ever be made available to the Burmese military. And, in the meantime, the Burmese military officers and the government officials who are engaged in this particular policy of genocide against the Rohingya people must know they will be held accountable for their crimes against the Rohingyas, because it is not a crime just against Rohingyas, it is a crime against humanity. So, again, I commend the leadership of our committee, both the ranking member and the chairman, for making this an important issue for this Congress. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ), the author of this resolution, a longtime advocate for the people of Bangladesh and Burma, the Democratic Caucus chair, and my fellow New Yorker. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from New York for yielding me this time. I thank the chair, as well, for his work on this effort. I thank my friend and colleague from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) for his work on putting this resolution together. I know Mr. LEVIN, Ms. M CCOLLUM , and others, have also expressed a tremendous interest in this issue, and I am very pleased and happy about that. In late August, after attacks on outposts, Burma’s military and security forces launched a brutal campaign of ethnic cleansing against the Rohingya in Burma. The response has been grossly disproportionate. The attacks by the military against the Rohingya civilians have been systematic, organized, and ruthless. Amnesty International says: The Myanmar military has killed hundreds of Rohingya women, men, and children, including babies; raped women and girls; and carried out targeted burning of entire villages. 
And that is just what we know of. The authorities have terrorized the Rohingya people so cruelly that more than 600,000 Rohingya people have fled Burma to neighboring Bangladesh. Even before the attacks, the Rohingya were often effectively denied access to proper healthcare and education, as the chairman has indicated, many just barely getting by. But the most disturbing thing of all, at least so far, there is no light at the end of this tunnel. Still today, Burma’s authorities are blocking adequate humanitarian aid to many who need it, denying critical food aid to many men, women, and children. As a result, those Rohingya who do remain in Burma are getting hungrier, they are getting weaker, and they are becoming even more vulnerable. But instead of trying to resolve the issue, many authorities are denying that this has happened at all. So, Mr. Speaker, I have had enough. I think we have all had enough. The United States certainly cannot solve every problem in the world, but there are some things that we can and that we must do. Imposing sanctions against the perpetrators of atrocities in Burma is one of the things that we must do. Doing so will send an important signal that we are watching and we are not standing by idly. It will signal that we want to see the recommendations of former Secretary General Kofi Annan carried out. It will signal that there is a cost to pay for carrying out atrocities. It will signal that the world won’t simply turn away. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from New York. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum recently released an important report on the Rohingya, called, ‘‘They Tried to Kill Us All.’’ The title should say it all, ‘‘They Tried to Kill Us All.’’ What clearer message do we need before we act? The time for action is now. I also want to thank the Government of Bangladesh for the humanitarian relief to the Rohingya people that they have offered. I want to call on our friend, Aung San Suu Kyi, to do everything that she can to protect the Rohingya from further ethnic cleansing and genocide. I want to thank Pope Francis for his courage in speaking out and using the term ‘‘Rohingya.’’ I urge all of my colleagues to support this measure. I thank my colleagues on the Foreign Affairs Committee for giving this issue the attention that it needs and deserves. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in the spirit of what our colleague JOECROWLEY brought up today, there is new urgency in this argument and new urgency to us getting the point across to the Government of Burma. Let me speak for a minute as to that issue. Many people at this moment are in grave danger. Many people who are in certain areas in Rakhine State are in danger at this moment. They are at risk of mass killings. State security forces as well as armed civilian perpetrators stand poised. So the situation right now, it is possible that we have not seen the worst of this in terms of mass killings. As we speak, the Government of Myanmar confines 120,000 Rohingya men, women, and children to more than 45 internment camps in these eight townships in Rakhine State, which we are most concerned about at this moment. They have been confined for the last 5 years, as we know. They have been denied aid, and they have been, obviously, deprived of their dignity. Since August 25, the Government of Myanmar has obstructed, as shared with this body today by JOECROWLEY , has blocked food aid, humanitarian aid to some of these internment camps, systematically weakening that population. They are at grave risk. This is notice to the Government of Burma. The authorities there continue to block the delivery of this humanitarian aid, this food aid to these women and children. If this does not end now, it will constitute acts of genocide. It must end now. And also, of course, the authorities there continue to enforce severe restrictions on freedom of movement and severe restrictions on the livelihoods of these people. It is more than worrisome, the extent to which the Burmese Government and security forces have continued to thwart international observers from moving into these camps and have thwarted international organizations. The world should demand access now for impartial fact finders. Any continued resistance can only reinforce our suspicions that Burma has something to hide and that the evidence will show will constitute acts of genocide if this continues. It must end now. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ), who chairs the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking 
Member E NGEL for their leadership in bringing this important resolution to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Con. Res. 90, condemning the ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya and calling for an end to the attacks in Burma and the immediate restoration of access to humanitarian aid. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this resolution. I thank our previous speaker, my colleague, JOECROWLEY , as well as our Republican colleague, STEVE CHABOT , sitting in front of us, for authoring this measure. We are seeing condemnations of the atrocities occurring in Burma from across the world, Mr. Speaker, as well as calls for the nation’s de facto leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, to make greater efforts to stop the violence there. b1430 Last month, our U.S. administration issued an official determination that the Burmese military’s actions constitute ethnic cleansing, and rightly so. The atrocities being committed against this ethnic minority have been well documented and they deserve the utmost condemnation. The reality on the ground is shocking, Mr. Speaker. Over 600,000 were forced to flee to neighboring Bangladesh; the systematic massacre, the rape, the pillaging, all in an effort to eliminate any trace of these Muslim minorities in Burma. No one is safe, no Rohingya is safe, yet the world continues to sit back and watch as these individuals are targeted for extinction and eradication from the history books. We as a United States Congress can do more, we must do more, and we expect responsible nations and responsible actors to do more to end this persecution. Last week, Pope Francis met with Aung San Suu Kyi and Burma’s top military commander, delivering the message that these atrocities must be stopped. The Dalai Lama has spoken out against this systematic campaign. Now it is time for us in the U.S. Congress to add our voice and send a strong message of our own, and this resolution does just that. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN), my good friend, the senior member of the Ways and Means Committee and a senior member of Congress. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ENGEL for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution. At the same time, I want to express concerns about the full thrust of the resolution. It makes it clear that the military in Burma is the main perpetrator of the crimes committed against the Rohingya people. In November, Secretary Tillerson called the violence against the Rohingya ‘‘ethnic cleansing,’’ holding the military responsible. Some have urged that Aung San Suu Kyi does not control the military and there is a danger that the military would use the present crisis as a way to dismantle the civilian government. It has also been said that the civilian government is working within a deep traditional bias against the Rohingyas, and some see them as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. Others point out the pressure on the civilian government could lead to Burma moving closer to the Chinese. Still others point out that talks about Rohingyas returning to Burma must be afforded time to work out, and the process has only begun. None of these factors must undermine the realities of the persecution of the Rohingyas. As a U.N. official has stated, it is ‘‘a textbook example of ethnic cleansing.’’ The Pope was under great pressure to not mention the Rohingyas by name. He expressed his deep concern while visiting the country. Later in Bangladesh, the Pope, being specific, said: ‘‘None of us can fail to be aware of the gravity of the situation.’’ He called for ‘‘. . . decisive measures to address this grave crisis.’’ A few years ago, I was part of the codel organized by Leader PELOSI to Myanmar. One of the highlights of the trip was meeting with Aung San Suu Kyi, who had been freed after almost 2 decades of house arrest. We discussed her unique role in moving Myanmar toward a nation of freedom, human rights, and peace. The resolution earlier introduced by Senators MCCAINand D URBIN expressed the overriding need for the world to step up to the plight of the Rohingyas. I introduced the same resolution in the House. These resolutions reflect what many esteemed historical figures have said. Theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer, executed by the Nazis, said: ‘‘Silence in the face of evil is itself evil.’’ Desmond Tutu has said: ‘‘If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor.’’ Elie Wiesel said: ‘‘We must take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented.’’ I quote the statement of Martin Luther King, who said: ‘‘ . . . an individual who accepts evil without protesting against it is really cooperating with it.’’ Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), the chairman of the Committee on Small Business and a senior member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 90. This is a bipartisan bill condemning the Burmese military’s systemic attacks on the Rohingya in Rakhine State. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank especially Congressman CROWLEY from New York for working together in a bipartisan manner on this legislation and also with Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL and so many others. As someone who has chaired the Foreign Affairs Committee on Asia and the Pacific and who has been to Burma and met with Aung San Suu Kyi and followed Burma very closely, what has happened there is truly shocking and disheartening, and really a blot on the world in how this has been handled up to this point in many ways. The Rohingya have long been at the fringes of Burmese society and it is no secret that the Burmese military regards them as outsiders who don’t even belong in Burma at all. That is why the military used some attacks back in August by a rogue group of Rohingya as a pretext to terrorize the entire Rohingya population. This campaign of terror and violence has demonically worked. Over 600,000 Rohingya have fled Burma for Bangladesh, and at least 250,000 of those people are children. Further, credible human rights organizations and the media have documented numerous horrors and abuses, including rape, murder, and torture. The most unspeakable things have happened there. Together, these atrocities amount to what has been called ‘‘a textbook example of ethnic cleansing.’’ Unfortunately, Burma’s constitution ensures that the Burmese military controls much of the government in Burma, while Burma’s civilian government has proved incapable of taking appropriate action to address this violence. Since the Burmese military began its ethnic cleansing campaign, it has gone on and on. Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to support this legislation and to do everything we can to stop these horrors. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), my good friend and the chief deputy whip of our House Democratic leadership. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Con. Res. 90. I am very grateful for this debate today because we need to raise this issue so the world knows that right before our eyes right now ethnic cleansing is happening halfway around the world in Myanmar. I was privileged to go 2 weeks ago to both Bangladesh and Myanmar to be an ontheground witness to what is going on. In my district, I have probably most of the 1,000 or so Rohingya in the Chicago area and even have in my district the Rohingya Cultural Center, which I visited this weekend with Senator DICKDURBIN , who was also on this congressional delegation. We listened to people in Bangladesh and we heard about unspeakable atrocities that, in fact, were spoken, and I recorded some of them. We talked to a 20yearold woman who was holding her hijab on her face 
as she cried and told about, in front of her eyes, how her husband’s throat was slit and he was killed, his brother was killed, and then they grabbed the baby out of her arms and, in front of her, killed that child. It was just one of the stories. We talked to a grandmother and her granddaughter next to her covered with burns that are now scars from a few months ago. She is so scarred that she cannot speak, and her grandmother wishes only that she would be able to talk. We met with the Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Prime Minister Hasina, a woman, who we thanked for allowing 620,000 Rohingya to cross into Bangladesh, but they want them to go home. The Bangladeshis want them to go home. Right now that is impossible because villages have been burned and because the almost complete prejudice against the Rohingya people. They won’t even use the name Rohingya in Myanmar, in Burma, to refer to these individuals. Thousands upon thousands of stories like that are coming out of Rakhine State, where the Rohingya made their home. We thought we were going to be, but we were not permitted to go to the displaced persons camps, which are really prisons, concentration camps in northern Rakhine, where people have been thrown out of their homes, and their homes and jobs destroyed. We went to Sittwe, the capital of the Rakhine State. We went to what is essentially a ghetto surrounded by barbed wires, blocked by police, where people cannot get healthcare, they can’t go to the stores that they used to have in the village, they can’t get education. They are running out of rice right now. This is happening now in the world. We need to do something about it. I am proud of this Congress for standing up today and saying no more ethnic cleansing. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of H. Con. Res. 90. The discrimination and violence imposed on the Rohingya ethnic minority in Burma is brutal, horrific, and preventable. I do welcome, like the rest of my colleagues, the administration’s determination that the attacks against Rohingya are ethnic cleansing, because it certainly is, but I would respectfully submit it certainly rises to the level of genocide. The Genocide Convention couldn’t be clearer: If you look to destroy an ethnic group—there are other categories as well, but it is all about the group— in whole or in part, and even the thought, the contemplation of doing so can rise to genocide. Here it is actually happening, and it is happening because of who they are as a group. I think there needs to be a further refinement of that determination to the point of being genocide. The responsibility for this humanitarian crisis falls squarely on the Burmese military and, to some extent, on the endemic and widespread intolerance expressed in Burmese society for the Rohingya. After the State Department’s determination of ethnic cleansing, it should not hesitate to impose sanctions against the Burmese military leaders and all others who are responsible for this bloodbath. Like many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I am deeply concerned that this crisis may destabilize the National League for Democracy’s ruling coalition and set back Burma’s democratic transition. I am concerned about China’s interests in Burma, because a robust democracy on China’s border does not fit the goals of the Chinese leadership, including Xi Jinping. I am concerned that outside jihadi groups will exploit this situation to open yet another front. I am concerned, like my colleagues, about the stability of Bangladesh, whose fragile economy must now host well over 500,000 new refugees. Of course, we are all most concerned about the Rohingya women, children, and men who suffer horribly during this crisis. The roots of this humanitarian crisis are long. A durable solution for the Rohingya in Burma will be a difficult task, but we must make the effort. As we all know, there are other ethnic minority groups in Burma, including the Karen, the Karenni, and others, who have also faced atrocities over the years at the hands of the Burmese military. A democratic and multiethnic future should be Burma’s best hope for prosperity and stability. The Burmese military remains the obstacle to that future. b1445 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is now my great pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), a champion for human rights, especially for the rights of women and girls. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, and I thank the chairman, as well as the authors of this piece of legislation, Mr. CHABOT and Mr. C ROWLEY , for their work on this important issue. Last month, I visited Burma and Bangladesh on a congressional factfinding mission. Our visits to refugee camps, our conversations with survivors, made it clear that the persecution of the Rohingya people in Burma’s Rakhine State is a severe humanitarian crisis and demands robust American leadership. This resolution is an important first step in demonstrating that Congress will not tolerate human rights abuses against the Rohingyas. Our delegation saw, however, there is a path forward. The Burmese Government and the military must fully implement the recommendations of the former U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan’s advisory commission. Burma must work with Bangladesh, and the U.N. must fully work to return voluntarily the Rohingya refugees with guarantee of a safe return and a fair process to allow the Rohingyas to apply for and secure citizenship. That must be established. Finally, there must be an independent investigation to ensure accountability for the atrocities and the abuses that have taken place. Mr. Speaker, I saw people suffering in both Burma and in Bangladesh, and the suffering must come to an end. They are crying out for action, and the United States and the international community must help them secure justice. This resolution, this vote today, is just the beginning. I encourage people to support this. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the plight of the Rohingya is not and will not be forgotten. I think we heard it from both sides of the aisle with the impassioned speeches today. Nor will we dismiss the suffering of Burma’s many other ethnic groups who have been abused by the Burmese Armed Forces throughout decades of conflict. Since August, we have seen over 600,000 Rohingya in Burma flee to Bangladesh seeking refuge from Burma’s murderous security forces. This ethnic cleansing, and perhaps even genocide, is a direct result of the failure of Burma’s Government to protect the rights of all people within their borders. This resolution calls for the reimposition of targeted sanctions against those responsible for this violence. It is the least we can do. History is watching, so I again urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROYCE for, once again, working with him in a bipartisan fashion. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I just wanted to, again, thank JOE CROWLEY , our colleague, and Mr. S TEVE  CHABOT for their work on this measure, and Mr. ELIOT ENGEL as well, our ranking member of the committee. They have all along been leaders on this issue, and I thank them for authoring the measure. I think all of us know that even before this latest resurgence, this massive displacement, this ethnic cleansing, many considered the Rohingya to 
be one of the most persecuted minorities, one of the most persecuted populations on the planet. I think this particular resolution rightly shines a light on the abuses committed against them, calling for an end to all violence. I urge all Members here, but also I urge the Government of Burma, to consider that we are at a point of crisis. If the government there does not reverse course immediately, it will do irreparable damage to its standing in the world and earn it a place among the most egregious human rights abusers in modern history. So what we ask is a reversal of these policies. I urge all colleagues to vote in favor, send a clear signal that the U.S. will not turn a blind eye toward these atrocities. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 90. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignation from the House of Representatives: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 5, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : I have made the decision to retire from my position as the Member of the United States House of Representatives from Michigan’s Thirteenth Congressional District effective today. Sincerely, JOHNCONYERS , Jr. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 5, 2017. Hon. RICKSNYDER , Governor of Michigan, Lansing, MI. DEARGOVERNOR SNYDER : I have made the decision to retire from my position as the Member of the United States House of Representatives from Michigan’s Thirteenth Congressional District effective today. Sincerely, JOHNCONYERS , Jr. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, in strong support of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I would first like to thank EDROYCE , the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee. I agree with everything he said in his remarks. I want to thank him for his hard work on this legislation. We worked closely together to make this bipartisan bill as strong as possible, while also taking care to limit any unintended consequences. That is what we have been doing on the Foreign Affairs Committee, and that is why we have been so successful in passing legislation. We do it in a bipartisan way. Let me begin by saying that the Palestinian system of socalled martyr payments is downright disgusting. We are talking about a system that involves paying people on a sliding scale based on the death and destruction that they cause. It is simply sickening. These payments clearly incentivize terrorist attacks, and they further threaten prospects for peace, pushing the chance for a Palestinian state further and further out of reach. This legislation was named for Taylor Force, an American victim of Palestinian terrorism. He was a West Point graduate and a veteran of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. He was stabbed to death in Jaffa in 2016. The question we face is: How do we compel the PA, the Palestinian Authority, to end the martyr payment system? In 2015, appropriations bills began to include language cutting off funds for the Palestinian Authority by the amount that they spent on socalled martyr payments, but that didn’t curb the practice. b1500 We stopped giving the Palestinian Authority direct assistance, but the Palestinian Authority hasn’t budged. We are now considering this legislation, which cuts all funds that directly benefit the Palestinian Authority if the Palestinian Authority continues to make these payments. This will make it crystal clear to the Palestinian Authority that socalled martyr payments are unacceptable, period. At the same time, the bill allows the United States to continue humanitarian and democracy assistance, which is in our interest and the interest of our ally Israel. It also includes a thoughtful exemption proposed by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ) which exempts childhood vaccinations from the cuts required under this bill. Overall, I believe that this version of the Taylor Force Act strikes the right balance. Chairman ROYCE and I worked very hard to come up with a piece of legislation that both sides would support. The Foreign Affairs Committee unanimously passed this legislation. The message should be clear: this is not a partisan issue. We must send a message to the Palestinian Authority that these socalled martyr payments, which are ‘‘killing’’ payments, must stop. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation that ensures no unintended consequences, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). He is the author of this important legislation. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is named after Taylor Force, and I wanted to say what a special honor it is that his parents are with us here today. I would like to especially thank the Speaker and majority leader for bringing this legislation to the floor for a vote. I also want to thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for their leadership and strong bipartisan support. I introduced this bill last Congress and reintroduced it this Congress with Representative LEEZELDIN because we absolutely must ensure that American taxpayer dollars don’t incentivize terrorist attacks on our own citizens as well as Israelis. This commonsense measure now has 170 cosponsors. I think most of the American people are aware of Taylor’s story by now, but it bears repeating again as we prepare to vote on this legislation in the people’s House. Last year, a 28yearold American student named Taylor Force was visiting Israel on a school trip. While walking near the beach in Tel Aviv, a 22yearold Palestinian stabbed him to death in a terrorist attack. Taylor Force was an Eagle Scout, West Point graduate, and a veteran of both Iraq and Afghanistan. He represents everything any parent could want their son or daughter to be. As we know, Mr. and Mrs. Force lost their treasured son in this terror attack. They were left with only photographs and memories. The terrorist who murdered Taylor was killed shortly after by the police, but the killer’s family was left with something else: a lucrative financial reward. The Palestinian Authority, led by President Mahmoud Abbas, gives financial rewards for terrorist attacks. The more people killed in an attack, the higher the financial reward. Families of terrorists receive a pension for life, which is triple the average salary in the West Bank, as well as a receiving free tuition and health insurance, a clothing allowance, and a monthly stipend. More money goes to these kinds of payments than go to the entire civil service of the Palestinian Authority. This must be stopped. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and send as strong and clear a message as possible that the United States will not allow our taxpayer dollars to be used to incentivize terrorist attacks. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), the ranking member of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, and a valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York, my friend, the ranking member, for yielding. I rise in support of H.R. 1164, the Taylor Force Act. Mr. Speaker, the pursuit of a negotiated twostate solution to end the IsraeliPalestinian conflict requires a commitment to peace, but it is impossible for the Palestinian Authority to demonstrate that commitment to peace while paying terrorists for attacks on innocent civilians. But that is the reality today, and that is what this bill seeks to end. Under current Palestinian law, the PA pays salaries to terrorists and their families more money for worse crimes, typically well exceeding the mean salary for Palestinian workers. If a terrorist is sentenced to life in prison for a horrific attack that kills Israeli citizens, he will get a fourtimes higher monthly salary than if he had been sentenced to only a couple of years in prison for a lesser attack. This is blatant incentive to terrorism; the same type of terrorism that we have seen tear through buses, shopping malls, nightclubs, and places of worship around the world. In March of last year, during a surge of deadly stabbings, shootings, and car rammings in Israel, we saw the consequences of this incitement and incentive to terror. Taylor Force, a 28yearold American tourist, a West Point graduate and thenVanderbilt graduate student, who 
had fought in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, was stabbed to death on a promenade in Jaffa by a young Palestinian terrorist. Taylor, by all accounts, was loved and humble. He enjoyed playing the guitar. He was an Eagle Scout and an Army veteran. His father described him as an allAmerican kid who made sure that everyone around him felt good. A friend of his in Nashville said simply: He made people better. But rather than unambiguously condemn this attack against innocent civilians, as any responsible government would do, the PA instead has rewarded these types of attacks by paying more than $1 billion to convicted terrorists over the past decade. It is the job of the Palestinian Authority, like any responsible government, to deliver services to its people, including welfare to those who need it most, like a grieving widow who suddenly has to take care of her family without the breadwinner. But this is not welfare. The current law essentially tells Palestinians: If you tragically die in a car accident, your family gets nothing; but if you die driving your car into a group of Israeli civilians, your family will be taken care of for life. That is not welfare. That is incentive to terror. It is pay for slay, and it must end. I am proud of the bipartisan manner in which today’s bill was crafted, and it is carefully written in a way that targets only those funds that directly benefit the Palestinian Authority, thereby creating real incentives for the PA to end this practice without damaging the vital U.S. investments in humanitarian assistance and grassroots peopleto people programs that are essential to achieving our overall objective of peace. Taylor Force served our country to advance and protect peace. His life was taken by terrorists seeking to undermine peace. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Florida. Mr. DEUTCH. It is our duty to call on the PA to end this indefensible practice of rewarding terror and to demonstrate a real commitment to peace, a peace where Israel can live safely and securely as a Jewish and democratic state next to a Palestinian state that does not seek its destruction. Mr. Speaker, this legislation honors Taylor Force’s name and memory by stopping an abhorrent practice. In his name, and in the name of peace, the PA must end these payments to terrorists, and I urge my colleagues to support this effort to make them stop. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ), who chairs the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. She is also our chairman emeritus. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and my good friend, Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL , for his hard work. I especially want to thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) for offering this important bill. Sadly, as we have heard, Mr. Speaker, Taylor Force is the name and the face of the disgusting and reprehensible practice in place by the Palestinians that we know as pay to slay. Taylor Force, as we have heard, was an Eagle Scout, a West Point graduate, a veteran of two wars, who served our Nation bravely and with distinction. It was a life cut tragically short at 28 years old, when he was murdered by a Palestinian terrorist while in Israel. While the world condemned this attack and while Taylor Force’s friends and family mourn his loss, the Palestinian leaders fail to take responsibility. No, instead, Abu Mazen and the Palestinian leadership continue to incite violence, continue to support terror. Because, make no mistake, Mr. Speaker, as long as the Palestinian Authority or the PLO—whatever name they want to use—make payments to terrorists, they are supporting terror. How can you conclude otherwise? It is irresponsible and it is shameful to think that the American taxpayer and the U.S. Government are in any way, shape, or form helping to support this paytoslay program. This is why this act will ensure that, until pay to slay is ended, we will not be a willing contributor to the Palestinian scheme. This is just another tool that Congress has given the administration to use in order to hold the Palestinian leaders accountable. However, I do believe that we should not allow for exceptions, not allow for carveouts in this important bill, because that flexibility, sadly, is sometimes used to circumvent the spirit of the law and the congressional intent. I would like to remind our body that the administration already has the tools it needs to withhold assistance to the Palestinian Authority and the West Bank and Gaza, so we must exercise existing authorities and send a message to the Palestinians once and for all. Mr. Speaker, I urge the administration to use all of the tools at its disposal, to not waive provisions of U.S. law, to not selectively enforce some laws and apply others. That means ending all assistance to the Palestinian Authority—all. It means closing the PLO office in D.C. until pay to slay has ended and until the Palestinians stop their incitement and stop their support for terror. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important and tragic measure, and I urge the administration to use these tools that we continue to provide to it. I thank the chairman and the ranking member for rapidly bringing this important bill to the floor. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think that points have been made on both sides of the aisle with which we all agree. If the Palestinian Authority is serious about peace and is serious about a twostate solution and is serious about living in peace with Israel, then I think they have to be serious about not paying people who murder, not paying people who are terrorists, not paying people who randomly go over and stab somebody. Taylor Force happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. No other reason. That should not be left to stand. I think our colleagues have all talked about what a wonderful young man he was, an exemplary American, someone who played by the rules, kept his country safe, did the right things, respected his own faith. We should respect him and all the other people as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GOTTHEIMER ), my friend on the Financial Services Committee, a rising star in Congress. Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1164, the bipartisan Taylor Force Act. I want to thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL , who is my friend and colleague and a real leader for our party and for this issue, for all of their hard work and leadership to bring this legislation to the floor. All of us in Congress could learn from and emulate their friendship and bipartisan working relationship, especially when it comes to our foreign policy and support for our vital ally Israel, and in our fight against terror around the world. I commend the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) for introducing this important legislation, and I am proud that Ranking Member ENGEL and I were the very first Democrats in the House to cosponsor this measure. Mr. Speaker, I serve on the House Financial Services Committee’s Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance, where, day in and day out, my colleagues and I track the flow of money to terrorist groups like Hamas, Hezbollah, and ISIS through illicit financial networks. For years, the Palestinian Authority has shamelessly engaged in an equally heinous practice out in the open: the awarding of official payments to terrorists it inspires to go out and kill innocent civilians, including American citizens like U.S. Army veteran Taylor Force. Israeli citizens live under the constant threats of stabbings, suicide bombings, and vicious terrorist attacks. Palestinian leaders, including President Abbas, have not just refused to call for an end to these attacks or to speak out against those who promote hate and violence, rather, they celebrate, defend, and promote terrorism through an elaborate system whereby the Palestinian Authority literally ‘‘pays to slay.’’ 
b1515 That is because for decades the PLO and the PA have provided payments in some form or another to terrorists and their families, as well as various other awards and titles and honorifics, but the practice is especially heinous because today it is enshrined into Palestinian law. The deadlier attacks of terrorism will be rewarded with even more money. I know because I have read the laws and seen the accompanying payment charts. There is literally a payment schedule based on the severity of the terrorist attack, which encourages more severe and gratuitous violence and terrorist activity. For instance, a terrorist who slayed three people in 2015, including an 18 yearold American citizen, Ezra Schwartz, who was spending his gap year in Israel and planned to attend business school at Rutgers University in New Jersey, would be rewarded by the PA with a monthly salary—the terrorist—of more than $3,000. In sum, these payments total hundreds of millions of dollars that the PA redirects from its own budget to pay off the murderers of Jews, Israelis, and foreigners. The Taylor Force Act will eliminate U.S. foreign aid to the West Bank and Gaza that directly benefits the Palestinian Authority until the Secretary of State can guarantee that they have ended these payments. This legislation is carefully targeted to achieve maximum leverage over the PA to end the funding of terror. Mr. Speaker, this legislation stands in stark contrast to a partisan, one sided, offensive, and harmful bill recently introduced in Congress under the guise of promoting human rights that would cut aid to Israel for cracking down on terrorism. Israel has the right and obligation to defend itself and its civilians who have been the targeted victims of brutal attacks and murders while going about their daily lives. The United States ought to stand with them by condemning Palestinian incitement. Members of both parties have been working together to do just that. Since fiscal year 2015, Congress has reduced, dollar for dollar, the amount of money that the PA and PLO pay to terrorists and their families from the Economic Support Fund aid that the U.S. provides. While this has resulted in the reduction of our foreign aid, it has not yet brought an end to this practice. In May, I joined Representatives CLAUDIA TENNEY and T OMSUOZZI and 33 of our colleagues who demanded that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson address these terror payments directly with Palestinian President Abbas during his visit to Washington, D.C. It has been suggested that the PA may be more receptive to international pressure. I am glad that this bill urges the Secretary of State and the U.S. Permanent Representative to the United Nations to highlight this issue with the international community to condemn these horrific acts of violence. But that is simply not enough. The United States must use every tool at our disposal to counter violence and terrorism. The PLO and the PA may well continue down the path of more hatred, violence, and terror without regard for the damage inflicted or for their role in diminishing the prospects for peace. But so long as they pay citizens to murder civilians, then they will do so without benefiting from the support of the United States taxpayer. There is no question that should be asked about that. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in standing in solidarity with the families of the victims of terror to bring an end to this appalling system of paid violence, and I urge support for this bill. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E LIOT ENGEL for, again, working so well together to bring this legislation to the floor; and LEEZELDIN , one of the principal cosponsors of the bill; and DOUG LAMBORN , of course, the prime author of this legislation. I, too, am proud to be a cosponsor. This is a very important bill that will serve as a measure of justice for the memory of U.S. Army Officer Taylor Force and many others who have been victimized over the years by Palestinian terrorism subsidized by the Palestinian Authority. It is well past time for us to apply real pressure to the Palestinian Authority for continuing incitement for antiIsrael, antiSemitic, and antiAmerican violence. This bill takes aim at the PA’s ongoing financial incentivizing of murder. Mr. Speaker, when you pay someone to kill somebody else and pay their family to kill somebody else, that is a crime. So this just ought to be seen as a step in trying to say we mean business. Those who authorize those payments ought to be held liable for these crimes. Although 2 years ago Congress deducted the PA’s compensatory payments to terrorists and their families from U.S. assistance, there has been no change in the PA’s twisted and perverted policy. By conditioning most U.S. assistance to the PA on its commitment to cease payments to terrorists, the Taylor Force Act takes the necessary next and important step to guarantee that American taxpayer dollars are not being used to reward terrorism. Mr. Speaker, the PA cannot be a partner for peace until it stops subsidizing terrorism. Amidst increasing talk of a new peace initiative in the region, we must be absolutely clear that there could be no true peace until Palestinian public policy stops inculcating a culture of death in the minds of the people. Years of diplomacy, Mr. Speaker, and public pressure aimed at stemming Palestinian incitement have not succeeded. Congress must act now with the power of the purse. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is now my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ), my good friend and valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bipartisan Taylor Force Act, which eliminates United States aid to the Palestinians unless they end payments to terrorists. I thank my colleagues, the chair, and the ranking member for their leadership. Today we are condemning an evil system that rewards terrorists based on how many innocent civilians they maim or kill. In recent decades, 1,600 people have been killed by Palestinian terror attacks, like 17yearold Liana Sakiyan, a highspirited girl, a friend to many. On a break from exams, she and her friends were in line for a night of celebration at a discotheque in Tel Aviv when a bomb went off, instantly snuffing out her life and 20 other innocent young Israelis. As a reward for this heinous attack, the suicide bomber’s family received thousands of dollars from the Palestinian Authority—this authority which continues to give hundreds of millions of dollars to terrorists and their families, a part of the socalled martyrs’ fund. This legislation, which correctly exempts humanitarian and democracy promoting programs, tells the Palestinian Authority: No more pay to slay. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. He is the coauthor of this measure. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to serve on the House Foreign Affairs Committee under the leadership of Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL . I am very grateful that they brought this legislation to the House floor for consideration today. As a cochair of the House Republican Israel Caucus, the original cosponsor on this piece of legislation, I would strongly encourage all of my colleagues to support this important bill. I am thinking of values, what drove Taylor Force to sign up for the United States Military Academy at West Point, to deploy into combat, to protect and defend our freedoms and liberties; willing to lay it all on the line; willing to risk everything for our flag, for our Constitution, not just for family back home. He is joined here—he is certainly with us in spirit—with his parents, Stuart and Robbi, who are in the gallery, and they know that the legacy of 
Taylor Force’s service and sacrifice is one that already is showing a change in policy in the interactions between our Nation and those in that region. Because as we think of values, the values of the Palestinian Authority is one that incites violence, that financially rewards terrorism, that treats terrorists like they are heads of state at their funerals and calls them martyrs. I stand with Taylor Force. The House Foreign Affairs Committee stands with Taylor Force. This entire body, hopefully, when this comes to a vote, stands with the parents of Taylor Force, and our effective and better leveraging of our money because we should not provide $1 of United States taxpayer funds if that money is going to go towards not only inciting violence, but also financially rewarding terrorism. The United States taxpayers not only want to make sure that their money isn’t going to financially reward Palestinian terrorists when they murder innocent Israelis, but this is also about Americans—U.S. tax dollars going to an entity that financially rewards terror. I was moved greatly as I was listening to Chairman Emeritus ILEANA ROS LEHTINEN ’s remarks and the need to use all resources that are available to stand shoulder to shoulder with our Nation’s greatest ally and change behavior of those bad actors. Those are the values, and we stand with Taylor Force. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, if there are no other speakers on this side, I am prepared to close. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me close by saying that this bipartisan legislation seeks to compel the Palestinian Authority to stop incentivizing acts of terrorism against innocent victims, including American Taylor Force. Now, the encouragement of hooligans and thugs to just randomly try to kill people for no other reason than just to try to perpetrate violence needs to be stopped. While the Palestinian Authority seems to be encouraging knife attacks and terror attacks against Jewish Israelis, it is important to say that being in the wrong place at the wrong time leaves everybody vulnerable. That is what happened to Taylor Force. He wasn’t Jewish. He happened to be American, and he happened to be a soldier in a war area and a very good, nice, decent human being. He didn’t deserve it. Nobody deserves to be a victim of terror. But certainly, the victims of terror, if we are going to cry out to help them, we have got to put a stop to this disgusting practice of calling these murderers martyrs. They are not martyrs. They are murderers. They have no regard for human beings. They have no regard for anything. It is time for us to say: Enough is enough. In this current bill, it allows the United States to avoid any unintended consequences such as the cessation of humanitarian assistance, the right thing to do. I hope that the Palestinian Authority will use this opportunity to stop these martyr payments, move away from incitement, and move toward a twostate solution. Again, this bipartisan legislation seeks to compel the Palestinian Authority to stop acts of terrorism, to stop aiding and abetting acts of terrorism against innocent victims, including American Taylor Force. The gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ) said that if someone drives their car and hits somebody, nothing happens. But if someone drives their car and kills somebody, they get a martyr payment. There is something perverse about that. There is something just wrong about that. And it is something that the United States needs to put its foot down and say, once and for all: We will not tolerate violence. Finally, let me say that this bill, aptly named as a tribute to Taylor Force, to his parents whom I had the pleasure of meeting, and to all of the people who knew him—he really was the driving force behind this legislation. Because when we heard what had happened, it was so abhorrent, it was so disgusting, that we felt we needed to get together and do something. So I want to thank the Force family. I want to thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, especially Chairman ROYCE . This is something that every Member of Congress and both sides of the aisle should vote for. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1530 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, Mr. Speaker, let me thank my friend and colleague, ELIOT ENGEL , for his eloquence in explaining the enormity of the tragedy here and the meaning of this terrorism. I think Mr. ENGEL has been such a diligent partner in not only helping us move this bill through, but helping us run the committee in a bipartisan way. I want to thank him at this moment as we pass this act for all of his work on this issue through the legislation and through the hearings. I think it has had an impact in the understanding of the Members here. I also want to recognize and thank our former colleague, Senator LINDSEY  GRAHAM . I have talked with him about this issue. He originated this bill in the Senate. I know also how passionately he feels about this, as do ELIOT and myself. I look forward to working with our Senate colleagues to ensure that the bill that we pass here in the House or the Senate bill, either one, the bottom line is that the Taylor Force Act must become law quickly. That is our objective. The purpose of our aid, as we understand it, is to advance U.S. interests around the world. That is why we give aid. I think all of us can agree that that does not include paying people to commit crimes of terrorism. The Palestinian Authority is flatout undermining U.S. interests by compensating and incentivizing violence, as articulated by my friend, Mr. ENGEL . I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill, which ensures that there are consequences for this disgraceful policy and ensures that the U.S. plays no part, even indirectly, in participating in this behavior. The PA giving compensation for violence is beyond the pale. It is long past time that we treat it that way. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ROTHFUS ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1164, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VENEZUELA HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE AND DEFENSE OF DEMOCRATIC GOVERNANCE ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2658) to provide humanitarian assistance for the Venezuelan people, to defend democratic governance and combat widespread public corruption in Venezuela, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2658 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill represents broad bipartisan concern here in the House for the worsening humanitarian crisis in Venezuela. It calls on the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator to develop a humanitarian assistance strategy to help the people of Venezuela. As the authoritarian Venezuelan Government digs in its heels and consolidates its power, the people of that once wealthy nation, last year, experienced a 65 percent increase in maternal mortality, a 30 percent increase in infant mortality, and a 76 percent increase in malaria cases. Severe shortages of basic medicine persists. They have right now about 5 percent of the basic medicines that they used to have. A 2016 report shows that three out of every four Venezuelans had lost an average of 19 pounds due to lack of proper nutrition and due to lack of food. Despite all of this, President Maduro continues to deny the existence of a fullfledged humanitarian crisis while blaming any hardships on his opposition or the international community that seeks only to support the people of Venezuela in their pursuit of democracy and basic human rights. I applaud the administration for sanctioning those in the Maduro regime complicit—complicit—in the rampant corruption and antidemocratic measures that have stifled the will of the people there. But we must address the specter of the complete collapse of the Venezuelan economy and the resulting humanitarian crisis. I encourage my colleagues to support this measure by Mr. DESANTIS , which will require a strategy to address the crisis while signaling bipartisan support for the democratic and human rights aspirations of the people of Venezuela. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, December 5, 2017. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write with respect to H.R. 2658, the ‘‘Venezuela Humanitarian Assistance and Democratic Governance.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 2658 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 2658 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 2658 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, December 4, 2017. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2658, the Venezuela Humanitarian Assistance and Defense of Democratic Governance Act of 2017, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 2658 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I authored this bill, the Venezuela Humanitarian Assistance and Defense of Democratic Governance Act, in the House with our chair emeritus of the Foreign Affairs Committee, ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN . I want to say that there is no Member of this body who has done more to champion democracy and human rights in Venezuela than the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ). I also want to thank her longtime staff director, Eddy Acevedo, who is in his last week on Capitol Hill. Eddy has been such a positive force on Venezuela and the entire Latin American region in support of ILEANA ’s work. He has been a consistent collaborator with my staff, and his work here will be sorely missed. I also want to say that I appreciate Chairman ROYCE ’s steadfast commitment to the Venezuelan people and his support for this legislation. I also want to thank Senator CARDIN  for authorizing this measure in the other body. I hope we will be able to work with the Senate, the other body, to get this bill on the President’s desk. 
Mr. Speaker, with its massive energy resources, Venezuela should be one of the wealthiest countries in the world. Unfortunately, irresponsible policies put in place by President Maduro and his predecessor, Hugo Chavez, brought the country to near economic collapse and created a dangerous humanitarian crisis. The statistics tell a tragic story. Maternal deaths in the country increased by 66 percent from 2015 to 2016, while infant deaths increased by 30 percent. There were 240,000 confirmed malaria cases in Venezuela in 2016, which is a 76 percent increase over 2015. A survey carried out by three reputable Venezuelan universities found that nearly threequarters of Venezuelans lost an average of at least 19 pounds in 2016 as a result of lack of proper nutrition. Despite massive shortages of food and medicine, President Maduro continues to reject efforts to bring humanitarian assistance into the country. Last summer, Mr. Maduro handed control of the country’s food supply over to the Venezuelan military, and while many Venezuelans starve, some of the military brass are making money hand over fist by selling the country’s scarce food supplies on the black market. That is like letting the fox into the chicken coop. In short, President Maduro is running Venezuela into the ground. It is horrific for that country’s people, and it is a concern for our own security as this country in our neighborhood becomes less and less stable. So I support targeted sanctions that hold corrupt and abusive Venezuelan officials accountable. But that must be only a part of our policy. We also must be focused on getting food and medicine to those in most need in the country. This bill calls on the USAID and the State Department to develop a strategy to provide humanitarian assistance to Venezuela while at the same time instructing our Ambassador of the United Nations to work with partners at the U.N. Security Council and throughout the U.N. system to multilaterally address the country’s crisis. This is urgent business, Mr. Speaker. We need to put U.S. aid, the USAID, and the United Nations on a path toward providing muchneeded humanitarian assistance to the Venezuelan people. We want to choke off the government. The government is a cancer on the Venezuelan people, but we don’t want to hurt the Venezuelan people. That is what the legislation is all about. That is why I wrote it, that is why I authored it, and that is why we agree on a bipartisan basis. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join Congresswoman ROSLEHTINEN and myself. It is important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. ELIOT ENGEL  for authoring this bill along with ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN . I also thank ALBIO SIRES and R ONDESANTIS , the cosponsors of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ), who is the chairman emeritus of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the primary Republican cosponsor of this bill. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the time, and I thank the ranking member for those very sweet words. Mr. Speaker, I echo what Ranking Member ENGEL said about my trusted staff director, Eddy Acevedo. This is his last week with us. He starts Monday with the USAID. He has got the whole weekend to party on. He has been my partner in all of these battles in favor of freedom and democracy and against autocratic regimes, which brings us to this bill before us, Mr. Speaker. I rise in strong support of this bill, H.R. 2658, the Venezuela Humanitarian Assistance and Defense of Democratic Governance Act of 2017. I am proud to be, as the chairman said, the Republican lead on this important legislation. I have been proud to work side by side with the author of the bill, our ranking member on the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. ELIOT ENGEL , in putting this bill together. ELIOT has been a leading voice in this legislative body in support of freedom and democracy across the globe, as has our esteemed chairman. But ELIOT has really focused in on this hemisphere, especially on Venezuela. I want to thank him for his leadership on this issue. I also want to thank his trusted adviser sitting two seats away from him on all Western Hemisphererelated items. Eric Jacobstein is my buddy from Haiti. We have enjoyed as much as one can enjoy going to an island nation that needs so much help. The people of Haiti are beautiful, and it has been a joy to travel with Eric and with Eddy. Throughout the years, Eric has worked closely with us and with our office. We work in a bipartisan manner. That is the tone that our esteemed chairman has set for the committee. Eric and ELIOT work that way as well. Their knowledge and expertise on this topic has been instrumental to our committee. The bill before us, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2658, is simple, it is straightforward, and it is important. Maduro, like Chavez before him—two thugs—has turned Venezuela from a once vibrant and thriving nation into a country on the brink of utter collapse. The results have been disastrous for the people of Venezuela. There is food shortage, there is water shortage, and there is a severe lack of medicine and medical supplies. There is a lack of goods and services everywhere you turn. The people need to get proper nutrition. They need proper care, but they can’t find it. It is a crisis that Maduro and his thugs have denied exists because he is eating very well. The other day he was making a televised public declaration. He opens up the drawer, takes an empanada, and he is stuffing his face. But the people are starving. But recognizing it would mean that Chavismo has utterly failed, so they refuse to recognize this. So what happens? The Venezuelan people suffer from severe malnutrition. They are subject to price controls. It is unbelievable the prices of items there. If they can ever get the food, if they can ever get the services they need, then the people can’t afford them. They are subject to substandard and unhygienic conditions. This has led to a sharp rise in infant mortality, and really mortality rates across the board in Venezuela have gone up. In short, the majority of the people in Venezuela are living in misery. What was once the breadbasket of the whole hemisphere, now the people don’t have food. They are living in misery. The Maduro regime is not only to blame, but it is ensuring that the humanitarian situation gets even worse. It was Maduro who ordered the supreme court to block a law from the opposition that would have helped facilitate humanitarian aid from NGOs and other international entities. As a result, it is ever so difficult to get the supplies needed to respond to this crisis into Venezuela to the people who so desperately need it. That is why, Mr. Speaker, this bill is so important. b1545 It directs USAID, the institution Eddy will be a partner of in just a few days, and our great Department of State to develop a plan in order to determine if and how the U.S. can possibly help with some of the humanitarian assistance through credible and independent NGOs, or nongovernmental organizations, that are operating in Venezuela or neighboring countries to ensure that this assistance does get to the people who desperately need it. The bill also directs our Ambassador to the United Nations to use our full voice, full vote, and full influence of the United States to place the humanitarian and political crises in Venezuela on the agenda at the U.N. Mr. Speaker, this body, alongside our friends in New York at the U.N., has worked to hold rogue regimes accountable for failing to allow humanitarian assistance in their countries. Whether it is Syria or Yemen, this body has spoken in a unified manner that humanitarian assistance should not be prevented from reaching the people. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Florida an additional 1 minute. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. But on Venezuela, Mr. Speaker, it seems as if we hold a different standard, and that is 
unacceptable. For too long, Venezuela has been shielded from criticism and action at the U.N. by its cronies, like the equally corrupt and morally reprehensible Castro regime in Cuba. This is precisely the kind of situation for which the U.N. was created to respond; yet, to date, the response has been woefully inadequate and shamefully void of substance. We have got to lead on this effort, and this bill is what we need. There are millions of people suffering in Venezuela. We are in a situation to help. I would point out to our chairman and the ranking member that we had some excellent news in the minutes that we have been speaking. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee approved the nomination of our former committee chief of staff, Yleem Poblete, for Assistant Secretary of State for Verification and Compliance. It now goes to the full Senate. I know that she will be with us on these measures that attack atrocious regimes and will help alleviate the humanitarian crisis. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SIRES), my good friend and a valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee and the ranking member of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee. Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2658, the Venezuela Humanitarian Assistance and Defense of Democratic Governance Act. I thank Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL and Chairman R OYCE for all their hard work and always being there for the people of Venezuela. Of course, I want to thank the dynamic duo of Eddy Acevedo and ILEANA  ROSLEHTINEN . Even though we are going miss Eddy, I am sure he will continue to fight in the defense of human rights wherever he is. The situation in Venezuela continues to deteriorate. A country with the world’s largest known oil reserves is spiraling into a collapsed state. We have people struggling just to survive. Journalists and citizens risk their lives every day to report what is happening inside Caracas and around the country. We see that tensions are growing and government security forces shoot first and ask questions later. It is clear that the failed Chavismo policies and the authoritarian actions of Nicolas Maduro have brought all of this pain and suffering upon the Venezuelan people. Maduro and his cronies continue to get rich as they traffic money and drugs while doing nothing to help the millions of suffering people. Multiple news reports confirm a growing health crisis as people lack access to basic medicines, and reports of infant mortality rates and preventable diseases such as malaria are on the rise. To hold the Maduro regime accountable, both the Obama and Trump administrations have sanctioned senior officials in the Venezuelan Government for their actions with narcotrafficking, money laundering, and other illicit activities. There is consensus among the majority of the hemisphere—multilateral institutions such as the OAS, the United Nations, and the European Union—that Maduro is destroying democracy and violating human rights. These sanctions are not against the Venezuelan people but are carefully crafted and targeted toward the individuals who are committed to destroying the lives of millions of innocent civilians in exchange for money and power. That is why I am supporting this important and timely legislation that helps to address the humanitarian crisis unfolding in Venezuela and codifies President Obama’s sanctions related to corrupt officials in the country. The United States needs to stand shoulder to shoulder with the Venezuelan people and be ready to assist them, while holding the corrupt regime officials accountable. Once again, I thank my colleagues for all their hard work on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2658. Before I yield back, I wish Eddy good luck. I thank him for all his hard work. He will be missed. I hate to see that dynamic duo split, but I am sure it will continue to work. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, Mr. SIRES is not alone. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. COOK), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere and a cosponsor of this bill. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in strong support of Mr. DESANTIS ’ resolution, H. Res. 259, and Mr. ENGEL ’s bill, H.R. 2658, which both speak to the ongoing political economic, social, and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela under the dictatorship of Nicolas Maduro. Once the richest country in South America, Venezuela now has a total unpaid bond debt of over $1 billion and is in default on multiple loans. The Maduro regime is responsible for widespread human rights abuses, including extrajudicial killings, mass arbitrary detentions, and torture of the political opposition. They have detained five Citgo executives who are dual U.S.Venezuelan citizens, as well as U.S. citizen and religious missionary Joshua Holt, who remains unjustly imprisoned. American adversaries are among the main supporters of Venezuela. More than a dozen highranking Cuban officers as well as thousands of Cuban intelligence agents are reportedly in Venezuela. Venezuela continues to receive financial support from Russia and China. Venezuela also possesses 5,000 Russian made, manportable surfacetoair missiles and is the largest operator of Russian arms and military hardware in Latin America. The humanitarian crisis is not limited to Venezuela alone. The crisis in Venezuela has led to mass immigration. Last year, the U.S. received 18,000 requests from Venezuelans seeking to escape the brutal regime. Waves of Venezuelan refugees have also fled to Chile, Argentina, Colombia, and Brazil, threatening to create a regionwide migration crisis. The regime refuses to accept humanitarian aid from the international community, preferring instead to use its citizens as political pawns at the expense of their health and safety. I commend the efforts of the Trump administration to take a principled stand to support the Venezuelan people and sanction the most dangerous actors in the Venezuelan Government. Just yesterday, the regime threatened that elections in Venezuela would only take place if these sanctions were lifted. I wholeheartedly reject this threat and remain committed to the sanctions and to continuing to put pressure on the Maduro regime. I express my strong support for these two bills. The U.S. supports a free, democratic, and independent Venezuela that is accountable to the people. We stand ready to assist the Venezuelan people and provide humanitarian assistance, and we urge more action from our partners in the region and the international community to resolve the crisis in Venezuela. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), my good friend and a member of the Appropriations Committee. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise to commend my sister in so many fights, Ms. ROS LEHTINEN , whom we will miss. But we are not letting her get away that quickly, because we have about a year together with many fights and fun to engage in. I am here this afternoon to talk about something not very pleasant, and that is the absolute necessity to adopt H.R. 2658, the Venezuela Humanitarian Assistance and Defense of Democratic Governance Act of 2017. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. SIRES have introduced this legislation, rightfully, because the Maduro regime has repeatedly demonstrated that they have no respect for political freedom, human rights, or even the basic needs of their own citizens. The consequences for the Venezuelan people are becoming more and more devastating every day. It is absolutely unconscionable that the Maduro regime is refusing to allow food, medicine, and other essential supplies to reach Venezuelans in need. This bill would be a valuable step to ensure that the Venezuelan people are helped, even if their government would prefer that people die rather than receive aid from the international community. The sanctions that have been imposed thus far against the perpetrators 
in the Maduro regime have been steps in the right direction, but we must do more. The Venezuelan Government has demonstrated time and time again that they won’t do the right thing on their own, so we must continue to apply stronger and stronger pressure. This legislation would strengthen the President’s ability to tighten the screws on Maduro and his cronies. In order for Venezuela to return to peace and prosperity, its democracy must be restored and strengthened. Elections under the Maduro regime have been manipulated and undermined, and it is absolutely essential that next year’s Presidential election proceeds freely and fairly. That is why it is so urgent that we pass this bill into law to empower the State Department to work with our allies and partners and the Venezuelan people to help them take their country back. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Florida an additional 1 minute. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Many Venezuelans have fled the chaos in their country to freedom and safety in my congressional district. The significant infusion of our Venezuelan friends and neighbors has affectionately dubbed my hometown of Weston, Florida, as Westonzuela. We have welcomed them to our community, but we are committed to joining them in the fight for their country and for their friends and family members who remain there in the fight. This legislation is an important step in that battle, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I emphasize again that Venezuela is in crisis and we cannot wait any longer to take action. By passing the Venezuela Humanitarian Assistance and Defense of Democratic Governance Act, we can begin to provide the Venezuelan people with the resources they so desperately need. But the United States, obviously, cannot do this alone. Sustained leadership is needed to address the humanitarian crisis in Venezuela from the U.N. Secretary General, members of the Security Council, and other international partners. It is easy to talk about another country in the abstract, but these are human beings who are dying and sick. They are human beings just like us, and it behooves us to make sure that, while we condemn the brutality of the regime that has a stranglehold on that country, we feel only sympathy for the people. That is what this bill tries to address. So I again urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I want to again commend my partner from Florida, ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , who has done so much work with me through the years, and our chairman, EDROYCE , whom it has been a real pleasure to work with. This is another example of important bipartisan legislation that comes out of the Foreign Affairs Committee. I think that we set a dialogue and a blueprint for people coming together and working together. I think that is what the American people want to see. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1600 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues— Mr. ENGEL , the author, and Congresswoman ROSLEHTINEN , the cosponsor of this measure—for their leadership and for bringing the bill here to the floor. The world has watched with great sadness as President Maduro continues to run his country into the ground, denying his citizens access to basic food and denying them access to medicine. His obsession with consolidating power has resulted in Venezuela’s economic collapse, and it is a collapse created by his wrongheaded populist and socialist mismanagement that has left his country in dire economic straits. Even more disturbing to me is that Maduro’s lieutenants continue lining their pockets while Venezuelan citizens go without food and medicine. This bill reiterates this body’s support for the people of Venezuela by instructing relevant U.S. agencies to develop a strategy to address their immediate humanitarian needs, while supporting democracy and human rights. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2658, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
EXPRESSING CONCERN AND CONDEMNATION OVER THE POLITICAL, ECONOMIC, SOCIAL, AND HUMANITARIAN CRISIS IN VENEZUELA Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 259) expressing concern and condemnation over the political, economic, social, and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: H. R ES. 259 Whereas in Venezuela, President Nicolas Maduro controls the Presidency, a majority of the municipalities, the Supreme Court, the military leadership, and the leadership of Petro´leos de Venezuela (PDVSA), and has gutted the National Assembly of the power it constitutionally holds; Whereas in late October 2016, Venezuela’s state courts and National Electoral Council, which are comprised of political allies of President Maduro, halted efforts to hold a referendum pursuant to provisions of the Venezuelan constitution to recall President Maduro, thereby denying the Venezuelan people the ability to pursue a democratic solution to Venezuela’s crisis; Whereas Venezuela’s National Electoral Council postponed elections for governors and mayors scheduled for December 2016 and has not set a date to reschedule these elections; Whereas there have been several attempts at dialogue between President Maduro and the opposition over the past year, which have all failed to yield tangible results; Whereas the Government of Venezuela continues to silence its citizens through political arrests, with more than 444 political prisoners currently in jail; Whereas Joshua Holt, a United States citizen, remains imprisoned in Venezuela with no due process, and four postponed hearings to date; Whereas in its 2016 report, Venezuela’s Violence Observatory assessed a widespread use of firearms by criminals and increased use of violence by police and military officials, contributing to a homicide rate of 91.8 per 100,000 residents, making Venezuela one of the most violent countries in the world; Whereas police and military raids have led to widespread allegations of human rights abuses, including extrajudicial killings, mass arbitrary detentions, torture, forced evictions, and arbitrary deportations; Whereas Venezuela is immersed in a deep economic crisis, with shortages of basic food supplies and medicines, and inflation estimated to top roughly 1,600 percent in 2017, according to the International Monetary Fund; Whereas the Venezuelan military controls the production and distribution of basic food supplies, which has enabled corruption, fraud, and food trafficking, and exacerbated shortages throughout the country; Whereas deteriorating conditions in health care persist, with the World Health Organization estimating that there are shortages of 75 percent of necessary medications and medical supplies, up from 55 percent in 2014 and 67 percent in 2015; Whereas a recent survey – conducted jointly by the Central University of Venezuela, the Andre´s Bello Catholic University and the Simo´n Bolivar University – found that almost 75 percent of Venezuelans lost an average of at least 19 pounds in 2016 as a result of a lack of proper nutrition amidst the country’s economic crisis; Whereas the country is facing increasing outbreaks of previously eradicated diseases, such as malaria and diphtheria; Whereas the Health Ministry in Venezuela published an epidemiological bulletin in May 2017 (the first since 2015), showing a 30 percent increase in infant mortality, a 66 percent rise in maternal mortality, and a 76 percent increase in malaria cases; Whereas the deteriorating conditions in Venezuela have prompted tens of thousands 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. C Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Congressman DESANTIS for his work on this resolution. The world has watched as Venezuela’s economy has nearly collapsed, bringing about a humanitarian crisis on top of the existing political crisis that we see there. Maduro’s decision to sideline the democratically elected National Assembly by forming a socalled constituent assembly made up of his lieutenants has cemented Venezuela as a fullfledged dictatorship. The administration made clear through a combination of sanctions and regional engagement that Maduro’s violation of Venezuela’s constitution continues to destabilize not just Venezuela, but it is destabilizing this entire region. And the sanctions also made clear that the Maduro regime’s corruption and involvement in drug trafficking is known and will not be tolerated. Venezuela’s once prosperous economy is isolated and is suffering recordhigh inflation rates. The humanitarian crisis, fueled by shortages of food and shortages of medicine, has resulted in the resurgence of diseases and a big increase in infant mortality. All of this has led to even more unrest, fueling the potential of another major migration crisis right here in the Western Hemisphere. The destabilizing effect of the Maduro regime must end. The resumption of talks this week between the opposition and the Maduro regime cannot 
be just another way for the regime to buy time. The international community, regional leaders, and this body must be united in our insistence that Maduro take seriously the need for resolution of this serious political and humanitarian crisis. Passage of this measure will send a strong, bipartisan message that Congress stands with the Venezuelan people and that Congress stands in favor of democracy and transparency and against corruption and against human rights violations. This resolution calls on regional leaders and the Organization of American States to continue to pressure Maduro to release political prisoners, to dissolve the unconstitutional constituent assembly, and, most importantly, to schedule fair and transparent elections now. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. Let me start by thanking the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, EDROYCE of California, for his leadership and for moving a second measure forward today on the crisis in Venezuela. I also thank Mr. DESANTIS for authorizing this resolution, which expresses deep concern about the political, economic, social, and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela. I again thank ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , the gentlewoman from Florida, who is really our leader when it comes to things in the Western Hemisphere. Let me just say that, when the Venezuelan President, Nicolas Maduro, chose to move forward with a sham constituent assembly election in July, as far as I am concerned, he took the final step in making his country a full blown dictatorship. The majority of Venezuelans stayed clear of polling stations and chose not to participate in what was yet another effort from that government to distract from the country’s real problem, which, as we have been saying, is a humanitarian crisis created by President Maduro and his predecessor, Hugo Chavez, an increasingly dangerous human rights climate. Just last week, the Venezuelan human rights group, Foro Penal, joined Human Rights Watch in releasing a report documenting abuses in the country that have taken place over the past year. I would like to mention a few statistics from this report that shows you just how repressive the Venezuelan Government has become. Fiftyfour hundred people have been detained in relation to antigovernment protests in early April; 3,900 of them are still subject to arbitrary criminal prosecutions and measures that limit their freedoms. And 757 civilians were prosecuted by military courts in violation of both Venezuelan and international law. Even more alarmingly, 124 Venezuelans were killed and 2,000 injured this year while taking part in antigovernment protests. The Human Rights Watch report states: In 53 cases involving at least 232 people, detainees were subjected to physical and psychological abuse, with the apparent purpose of either punishing them or forcing them to incriminate themselves or others. In some of these cases, the abuses suffered by the detainees clearly constituted torture. These include electric shocks, severe beatings, being hung in stress positions, sleep deprivation, asphyxiation, and sexual abuse, including, in some cases, rape. 
In an August report, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights expressed a similar sentiment pointing to ‘‘the existence of a policy to repress political dissent and instill fear in the population to curb demonstrations.’’ I think it is important to point out that, year after year, Democrats and Republicans have come to the House floor to call attention to the erosion of democracy in Venezuela. As my colleagues have said, Venezuela should be the leader in South America, the most prosperous country in South America, with huge oil reserves. Instead, it is a basket case because of Maduro and because of Chavez. For many years, it seemed that the United States was an outlier in raising our voices, while many in the hemisphere remained silent. Fortunately, that has changed. Leaders throughout the Americas have been increasingly willing to stand with the people of Venezuela. It is hard to find a silver lining for Venezuela in such a dark time, but I do hope, from the strong resolve of our friends in Latin America and around the world in rejecting Venezuela’s sham constituent assembly and calling out human rights abuses in the country, they will realize that we care about them, that we know what is going on, and that we are not going to let their repressive government sweep things under the rug. In November, the European Union put in place a wide range of sanctions on Venezuela, including an arms embargo, visa bans, and asset freezes. Our friends in Canada imposed sanctions on human rights violators in the Maduro government, and, on October 26, Canadian Foreign Minister Freeland hosted the Lima Group of Foreign Ministers in Toronto to seek a hemispheric solution to the crisis in Venezuela. The OAS, the Organization of American States, has also played a critical role in increasing pressure on the Maduro regime, particularly under the leadership of OAS Secretary General Luis Almagro. But we cannot rely on the OAS alone. The United Nations, both with the Security Council and through the Office of the SecretaryGeneral, must do much more to bring attention to Venezuela on the world stage and hold its leaders accountable. And today, the House of Representatives, here in Washington, goes on record again underscoring our commitment to the people of Venezuela and condemning the destructive policies of the Maduro regime. With this measure, we are saying enough is enough. Mr. Speaker, I again thank Mr. DESANTIS for authoring this resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ), a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee and author of this measure. Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROYCE for moving this through our committee, and I am glad that we are getting a lot of support for this resolution on the House floor today. President Trump, when he spoke at the U.N. in September, said that ‘‘the problem with Venezuela is not that socialism has been poorly implemented, but that it has been faithfully implemented.’’ I think the results speak for themselves. You have a country that is in chaos, that is a basket case, and you have an autocrat doing whatever he can to cling to power. Think about what is going on in Venezuela: You have the country with perhaps the largest oil reserves in the world, and yet they have massive fuel shortages; You have hyperinflation that is over 2,000 percent; Diseases that we thought had been eradicated, like malaria, are now coming back; There are massive food shortages such that wide swaths of the population are losing 10 or 15 pounds a year; And, of course, the Government of Venezuela is very likely to have to default on their debt. Maduro and his socialist junta are dominating the country. They are oppressing a great many, many people. And, of course, he is aided in this effort by his patron and adviser, Raul Castro, and the Cuban dictatorship. We cannot forget their role in this because they are really central to a lot of what is going on there. We have been speaking about some of the things Cuba did to our diplomats. That has not been fully resolved to my satisfaction. So Cuba’s role in this is really nefarious. You really have the worst elements of Latin America on display in Venezuela. I think what this resolution does is it says that this Congress stands foursquare behind the people of Venezuela and their rights and their desires to live in a successful, free, and democratic country; and we do call on the President to continue some of the actions he has taken, some aggressive actions in sanctioning key individuals. We want the Trump administration to clearly be on the side of the people of Venezuela and to make clear that Maduro’s failed socialist regime simply cannot continue in this way. So, please, pass the resolution. What we have done today is just one step, 
but I hope the U.S. can do more to aid the people of Venezuela. They are fighting against some tall odds and a lot of power coming down on them, but we have got to do something. Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to support this resolution. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, let me say that we have spent a lot of time talking about Venezuela on the House floor today. I think that is a good thing. I think it is good that people know what is happening in Venezuela, and I think it is good to know that the tyrants in Venezuela know that we know what is happening in Venezuela. b1615 The eyes of the world are watching Venezuela and its government. President Maduro must make a real commitment to free and fair elections and release all political prisoners. In particular, I would like to note the detention of American citizen Joshua Holt and to urge his immediate release on humanitarian grounds. I think it is important for us to raise these issues on the House floor, so I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 259. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ), the chairman emeritus of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and one of this body’s preeminent experts on the Western Hemisphere. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank our wonderful chairman for yielding me time. I also thank our ranking member, ELIOT ENGEL for his hard work. This committee is a model for other committees in the U.S. House of Representatives. We truly work in a bipartisan manner and it is because of the leadership of Mr. ROYCE and Mr. ENGEL . They set the pace. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill before us, H. Res. 259, by my Florida colleague, Congressman RON DESANTIS , who has been very active in the issue of human rights in our Western Hemisphere. His bill expresses concern and condemnation over the dire political, economic, social, and humanitarian crisis that is taking place in Venezuela today. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this important resolution. I thank him for his leadership on this issue, on the issue of the lack of freedom and democracy in my native homeland of Cuba, and what he is helping the people of Nicaragua achieve in having separation of powers. Mr. Speaker, there has been a real problem throughout the hemisphere, and by approving this important measure, which is bipartisan, today, this body will once again demonstrate that we stand in solidarity with the people of Venezuela and their fight for justice, freedom, and democracy. These are values that we hold so dearly in our country. We take it for granted that we live in this great country where we can express our thoughts in this wonderful republic, but in so many places in our very own hemisphere, Mr. Speaker, they don’t have that luxury. Venezuelans have been deprived of these key values of justice, freedom, and democracy for far too long, first at the grip of Hugo Chavez, a failed socialist leader, and now with his handpicked successor, another failure of a man and a leader, Nicolas Maduro. The Maduro regime has hijacked all democratic institutions in Venezuela. It has run the economy so far into the ground that there is hardly any food or medicine or even basic necessities. Inflation is at an alltime high and people cannot afford their daily life. The economic situation is in turmoil. It is heading towards an even deeper downward spiral because this regime of Nicolas Maduro is corrupt and is incompetent and they only care about filling their own coffers and staying in power, no matter what. All the while, the people of Venezuela continue to suffer. But this does not seem to trouble Maduro. It does not seem to trouble his cronies. They are enriching themselves on the suffering of the people of Venezuela. From this illicit activity, like drug trafficking and corruption, they are filling their coffers. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, they are even using this humanitarian crisis that they have created to defraud organizations that are looking to bring muchneeded food into the country. This resolution in front of us, Mr. Speaker, is bipartisan and strong. It calls on the administration to support the people of Venezuela, to continue to impose targeted sanctions on those responsible for the destruction of democratic institutions in Venezuela. This resolution also urges important bodies, like the Organization of American States—and we will have soon a new U.S. Ambassador to that esteemed institution—to support the principles of the InterAmerican Democratic Charter. It demands a noncorrupt electoral council, as well as calling for the release of all political prisoners. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. DESANTIS  for authoring this resolution. I urge my colleagues to offer their strong support and to join us in sending a unified message to Maduro that his actions will not be allowed to continue without a strong U.S. response. What is that response, Mr. Speaker? I call on the administration to use more targeted sanctions. We have sent to the administration a very long list of names. So have Senators RUBIO and MENENDEZ . Mr. S IRES, Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. ENGEL have joined me. There are many more people, thugs and cronies of Maduro, who are enriching themselves with the suffering of the Venezuelan people. They want to come to the U.S. We should not extend that courtesy to them. There are consequences to these acts. We will continue to pressure the Maduro regime until democratic order is restored in Venezuela and this grave humanitarian crisis is resolved once and for all. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ROYCE for the time. I thank Mr. ENGEL ; my friend, Mr. Acevedo; and Eric Jacobstein on the Democratic side for their help with this resolution. I most especially thank the author of this resolution, our great Congressman, RON DESANTIS . Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me again thank Congressman DESANTIS , Mr. E NGEL , and Congresswoman ROSLEHTINEN for their work on this resolution. I think it is a heartbreaking situation what is going on in Venezuela today. It is rather astounding that Venezuela sits on the world’s largest proven oil reserves, yet here we have a situation where its citizens lack medicine and food at this time. I think the recent report that 20 percent of the country’s medical professionals have fled Venezuela amid the Maduro regime’s selfinflicted political, economic, and humanitarian crisis is indicative of the problem. Inflation right now is reaching 720 percent. Support of this resolution will send a strong unified message that Congress stands with the Venezuelan people, that we call on regional leaders and the entire international community to hold Maduro accountable for this crisis and to release political prisoners and, importantly, to hold elections immediately. Mr. Speaker, I therefore urge my colleagues to join me in support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, we have before us two pieces of legislation regarding the ongoing humanitarian and political crisis that is occurring in the country of Venezuela, which has been reduced to poverty and near starvation due to the repressive regime of Nicolas Maduro and that of his dictatorial predecessor Hugo Chavez. I would like to thank my colleague, Mr. DESANTIS , for introducing H. Res. 259, of which I am an original cosponsor, and to applaud Mr. ENGEL for highlighting the public corruption and threat to democracy in Venezuela via his H.R. 2658, the Venezuela Humanitarian Assistance and Defense of Democratic Governance Act. I also would like to single out the lead Republican cosponsor of that legislation, the gentlewoman from Florida and my friend and colleague, ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , for her work over the years in calling attention to the deplorable human rights situation not only in Venezuela, but also in Cuba, Nicaragua, China and so many countries the world over. As ILEANA understands so well, it is the ideology of the Left—be it hard core Communism, or the Socialism of Hugo Chavez and 
now that of his understudy in oppression, Nicolas Maduro—which has brought suffering to so many people. The people of Venezuela deserve far better. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 259, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 38, CONCEALED CARRY RECIPROCITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–440) on the resolution (H. Res. 645) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 38) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a means by which nonresidents of a State whose residents may carry concealed firearms may also do so in the State, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. GRIFFITH (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of family considerations. 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 371. An act to make technical changes and other improvements to the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on November 30, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 2810. To authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. H.R. 4374. To amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize additional emergency uses for medical products to reduce deaths and severity of injuries caused by agents of war, and for other purposes. ADJOURNMENT Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 24 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, December 6, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2897. A bill to authorize the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into cooperative management agreements for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the National Park System in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–436, Pt. 2). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 4477. A bill to enforce current law regarding the National Instant Criminal Background Check System; with an amendment (Rept. 115–437). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3979. A bill to amend the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 to reauthorize the volunteer services, community partnership, and refuge education programs of the National Wildlife Refuge System, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–438). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 1132. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for a 2year prohibition on employment in a 
career civil service position for any former political appointee, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–439). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 645. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 38) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a means by which nonresidents of a State whose residents may carry concealed firearms may also do so in the State (Rept. 115–440). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROYCE of California (for himself and Mr. HULTGREN ): H.R. 4546. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to specify when a nationally traded security is exempt from State regulation of security offerings; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself and Mr. LARSON of Connecticut): H.R. 4547. A bill to amend titles II, VIII, and XVI of the Social Security Act to improve and strengthen the representative payment program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Mr. SABLAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. DELAURO , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. NADLER , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. PALLONE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. K HANNA , and Ms. SHEAPORTER ): H.R. 4548. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to strengthen protections for employees to exercise their rights to organize and collectively bargain for improved wages, hours, or other terms and conditions of employment, to sanction violations of such rights and assure meaningful remedies, to establish a process by which employers and employees conclude initial collective bargaining agreements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. KEATING ): H.R. 4549. A bill to require annual reports on religious intolerance in Saudi Arabian educational materials, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas (for himself and Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia): H.R. 4550. A bill to amend the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act to exclude law firms and licensed attorneys who are engaged in activities related to legal proceedings from the definition of a debt collector, to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to prevent the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection from exercising supervisory or enforcement authority with respect to attorneys when undertaking certain actions related to legal proceedings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself and Mr. CARSON of Indiana): H.R. 4551. A bill to amend the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 to prohibit any individual who served as the head of any element of the intelligence community from acting as the agent of a foreign principal, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GALLAGHER (for himself, Mr. KIND, Mr. D UFFY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Ms. MOORE , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. ROSS): H.R. 4552. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish rules for payment for graduate medical education (GME) costs for hospitals that establish a new medical residency training program after hosting resident rotators for short durations; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. R UTHER FORD , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. FITZPATRICK , and Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana): H.R. 4553. A bill to require a review of the authorization, funding, management, and operation of the National Targeting Center and the Terrorist Screening Center, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. B UCHANAN , and Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois): H.R. 4554. A bill to establish a smart card pilot program to combat fraud, waste, and abuse and to protect beneficiary identity under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUTHERFORD (for himself, Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. G ALLA GHER , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. MCCAUL, and Mr. K ATKO ): H.R. 4555. A bill to authorize the participation in overseas interagency counterterrorism task forces of personnel of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Ms. SHEAPORTER: H.R. 4556. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish dental care in the same manner as any other medical service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 4557. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to provide disaster assistance to States and units of general government under a community development block grant disaster recovery program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 212: Mr. M AST. H.R. 233: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 466: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 502: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 592: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 632: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut, Mr. F OSTER, Mr. B ERA, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , and Mr. FASO. H.R. 635: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 644: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 747: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 754: Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. C ORREA , and Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 807: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 848: Mr. ADERHOLT . H.R. 930: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 1148: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. WALBERG , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, and Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 1212: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 1243: Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 1251: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 1298: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1300: Ms. JAYAPAL and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 1406: Mr. POSEY , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. ABRAHAM , and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 1456: Ms. MOORE , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. BRAT, and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 1472: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 1478: Mr. HECK. H.R. 1494: Mr. ABRAHAM and Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 1691: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 1825: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 1953: Mr. LONG. H.R. 1957: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1972: Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. GIBBS, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. VALADAO , and Mr. W ALDEN . H.R. 1987: Mr. HOYER and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 2023: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 2077: Mr. FOSTER and Mr. L AHOOD. H.R. 2106: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. MEEHAN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. YODER . H.R. 2221: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2285: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 2308: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 2315: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 2319: Mr. LONGand Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 2345: Mr. ALLEN , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. BABIN. H.R. 2417: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 2431: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 2472: Ms. MATSUI , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 2616: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. H ECK, and Mr. KIND. H.R. 2644: Mr. BACON and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 2747: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 2790: Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 2796: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 2896: Ms. LOFGREN and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 2899: Mr. CLAY, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 2902: Mr. RUSHand Mr. D EUTCH . H.R. 2953: Mr. HECK. H.R. 3034: Mr. CRAMER and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 3132: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 3222: Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 3330: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3350: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 3545: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3547: Mr. FARENTHOLD and Mr. F RANKS  of Arizona. H.R. 3605: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3641: Mr. RUTHERFORD . H.R. 3671: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 3730: Mrs. BLACK and Mrs. B LACKBURN . H.R. 3767: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 3768: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 3780: Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 3798: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3806: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 3842: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. ELLISON , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3867: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 3913: Mr. SHUSTER , Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. H.R. 4207: Mr. UPTON . H.R. 4222: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 4223: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4238: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 4239: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 4256: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. H ARPER, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. L ONG. H.R. 4265: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 4274: Mr. ROKITA and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 4300: Mrs. TORRES , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. SINEMA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. PERLMUTTER , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 4306: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 4328: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas and Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 4392: Mr. WELCH , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. HANABUSA , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Miss RICEof New York, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. P EARCE , Ms. M ENG, and Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4396: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4419: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 4429: Mr. HUIZENGA and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4444: Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Ms. M ENG, and Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 4445: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4458: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 4460: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 4494: Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M EADOWS, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. B UDD, and Mr. W ALDEN. H.R. 4501: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 4505: Mr. CICILLINE and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 4513: Mr. EVANS and Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 4521: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 4541: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. VELA, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. ENGEL , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. S OTO, Mr. C OOPER , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . H. Con. Res. 90: Ms. BONAMICI . H. Con. Res. 95: Mr. COLE. H. Res. 31: Mr. FARENTHOLD . H. Res. 87: Ms. LEE. H. Res. 189: Mr. SHERMAN . H. Res. 261: Mr. BOST. H. Res. 310: Mr. RUIZ. H. Res. 349: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H. Res. 576: Mr. CUELLAR . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7825 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 2017 No. 198 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 